JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 59.

Vol. 59.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE

of COMMONS.

From November the 22d, 1803,

In the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

To November the 27th,

1804,

In the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 59.

VOL. 59.

Message to ittcna His Majesty.

Writs i/Tued in Recef*.

Member* take Oith*.

Outlawry Bill, read.

Mr. Speaker

reports the King'*

Speech.

[ 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Se(C 1803—4.

Martts, 22° die Novembris;

Anno 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 24th year of His present Majesty, he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Charles Mac Donnelly Esquire,

deceased; and for the County of in the room of

the Moll honourable Henry Charles Somerset, commonly called Marquis of Worcester, now Duke of , called up to the House of Peers.

Several Members present, and several Members returned upon New Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the firftTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had this day attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent mistakes, obtained a copy; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Since I last met you in Parliament, it has been my chief object to carry into eflfcdl those measures which your wisdom had adopted for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and for the vigorous prosecution of the War. In these preparations I have been seconded by the voluntary Vo t. 59.

exertions of all ranks of My People, in a manner that has, if possible, strengthened their claims to My confidence and affection; they have proved, that the menaces of the Enemy have only served to rouse their native and hereditary spirit i and that all other considerations are loft in a general disposition to make those efforts and sacrifices, which the honour and safety of the Kingdom demand at this important and critical conjuncture.

Though my attention has principally been directed to the great object of internal security, no opportunity has been loft of making an impression on the Foreign possessions of the Enemy. The Islands of Saint Lucia, of fob ago, of Saint Pierre, and Miquelon, and the Settlements of Denier ar a and Efequibo, have surrendered to the British arms. In the conduct of the operations by which those valuable acquisitions have been made, the utmost promptitude and zeal have been displayed by the Officers employed on those services, and by My Forces acting under their command by sea and land.

In Ireland, the leaders, and several inferior agents, in the late traitorous and atrocious conspiracy, have been brought to justice; and the public tranquillity has experienced no further interruption. I indulge the hope, that such of My deluded Subjects as have swerved from their allegiance are now convinced of their error; and "that, having compared the advantages they derive from the protection of a free constitution, with the condition of those countries which are under the dominion of the French Government, they will cordially and zealously concur in refilling any attempt that may be made against the security and independence of My United Kingdom.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have a perfect reliance on your public spirit for making such provision as may be necessary for the Service of the year. The progressive improvement of the Revenue cannot fail to encourage you to persevere in the lyftem which has been adopted, of defraying the Expences of the War, with as little addition as possible to the Public Debt, and to the permanent burthens of the State.

I lament the heavy prefi'ure which, under the present circumstances, mull unavoidably be experienced by My People; but I am persuaded that they will meet it" with the good l'enfe and fortitude which so eminently distinguish their character, under a conviction of the indispensible importance of upholding the dignity, and of providing effectually for the lafety, of the Empire.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have concluded a Convention with the King of Sweden, for the purpose of adjusting all the differences which have arilen on the subject of the Eleventh Article of the Treaty

* ‘ of

Die. ized by

22° Novembris* A. 1803*

of 1661. I have directed that a Copy of this Convention should be laid before you; and you will, I trust, be of Opinion that the arrangement, whilst it upholds our Maritime Rights, is founded on those principles of reciprocal - advantage which are best calculated to maintain and improve the good understanding which happily subsists between the two Countries.

In the prosecution of the contest in which we arc engaged, it shall be, as it has ever been, My first object to execute as becomes Me the great trust committed to My charge. Embarked with My brave and loyal People in one common cause, it is my fixed determination, if the occasion should arise, to share their exertions and their dangers, in the defence of Our Constitution, Our Religion, Our Laws, and Independence. To the activity and valour of My Fleets and Armies, to the zeal and unconquerable spirit of My faithful Subjects, I confide the honour of My Crown, and all those valuable interests which are involved in the issue of this momentous contest.

Actuated by these sentiments, and humbly imploring the blessing of Divine Providence, I look forward with a firm conviction, that if, contrary to all just expectation, the Enemy should elude the vigilance of my numerous Fleets and Cruizers, and attempt to execute their presumptuous threat of invading Our coasts, the consequences will be to them discomfiture, confusion, and disgrace; and that Our’s will not only be the glory of surmounting present difficulties, and repelling immediate danger, but the (olid , and permanent advantage of fixing the safety and independence of the Kingdom on the basis of acknowledged strength, the result of its own tried energy and resources.

Refolurion Bejolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address

for Address. foe presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the thanks of this House for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that this House are deeply fen-fible of His Majesty’s paternal care, and attention to the safety and interests of His faithful people, in carrying into effect such measures as Parliament has adopted for the defence of the United Kingdom, and the vigorous prosecution of the War:

That it is highly gratifying to this House to reflect, that in those preparations His Majesty has been seconded by the Voluntary exertions of all ranks of His People, in a manner , - which His Majesty has been most graciously pleased to

declare, has, if possible, strengthened their claims to his Confidence and affection:

That they feel with just exultation, that the menaces of the Enemy have only served to rouse the native and hereditary spirit of this Nation, and that all other considerations are loft in a general disposition to make those efforts and sacrifices, which the honour and safety of the Kingdom demand at this important and critical conjuncture: Humbly to congratulate His Majesty on the impression which, notwithstanding the necessity of principally attending to the great object of internal security, has been made on the Foreign possessions of the Enemy, by the capture of the I!stands of St. Lucia, Tobago, St. Pierre, and Miquelon, and of the Settlements of Demerara and EJfequibe; and they are fully sensible of the promptitude and zeal displayed by the Officers employed in the conduct of the operations by which those valuable acquisitions have been made, and by the Forces acting under their command by sea and land:

To assure His Majesty, that they have great satisfaction in reflecting, that the leaders, and several of the inferior agents, in the late traitorous and atrocious conspiracy in Ireland, have been brought to justice; and that the public tranquillity has experienced no further interruption; and they earnestly participate in the hope which His Majesty has so graciously expressed, that such of His deluded Subjects as have swerved from their allegiance are now convinced of their error; and comparing the advantages they enjoy, under the protection of a free constitution, with the condition of the countries under the dominion of the French Government, they will cordially and zealously concur in refilling any attempt that may be made against the security and independence of the United Kingdom:

To assure His Majesty, that He may rely on the readiness of His faithfiff Commons to make such provision as may 3

be necessary for the service of the year, and that they arc fully sensible of the importance of persevering in the system. which has been adopted, of defraying the Expences of the War, with as little addition as possible to the Public Debt, and to the permanent burthens of the State:

That they feel a perfect confidence that their fellow subjects will meet with fortitude the pressure, which the present situation of the Country renders unavoidable, under a conviction of the indispensible importance of upholding the dignity, and of providing effectually for the safety, of the Empire: ,

To return their thanks to His Majesty, for His graciou*

intention of laying before them the Convention which His Majesty has concluded with the King of Sweden, for the purpose of adjusting the differences which have arisen on the subject of the Eleventh Article of the Treaty of i66t j and they trust that it will be found at once to uphold our Maritime Rights, and to produce the effect of maintaining and improving the good understanding which happily sub- 1

fills between the two Countries:

To assure His Majesty, that they are moll deeply con- i.

vinced, that it will be, as it has ever has been, His Majesty’s first object to execute, as becomes His Royal Dignity, the J

great trust with which he is invested j and they receive with the strongest'feelings of veneration and dutiful attachment, the expression of those paternal sentiments which induce His Majesty to consider himself as embarked in one common cause with His People, and which have determined His Majesty, if the occasion should arise, to share their exertions and their dangers, in the defence of our Constitution, our Religion, our Laws, and Independence:

That these sentiments will not be loft on an affectionate 1

and grateful People, but will animate and invigorate the activity and valour of His Fleets and Armies, and the zeal and determination of His faithful Subjects, to which His Majesty, under the protection of Divine Providence, may safely confide the honour of His Crown, and all those important interests which are involved in the issue of this G

momentous contest:

That partaking of these His Majesty’s sentiments, and joining with His Majesty in humbly imploring the blessing of Divine Providence, they look forward with a firm conviction, that if, contrary to all just expectation, the Enemy should elude the vigilance of His Majesty’s Fleets and Cruizers, and attempt to execute their presumptuous threat of invading the coasts of the United Kingdom, the consequences will be to them discomfiture, confusion, and disgrace, and that the exertions of this Kingdom will be ■-

rewarded, not only by the glory of surmounting present difficulties, and repelling immediate danger, but by the

solid and permanent advantage of fixing its lafety and in-

dependence on the basis of acknowledged strength, the result of its own tried energy and tefources.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Committee * , Address, to be presented to His Majesty upon the said "F 1 Resolution: 1

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Ashley, Mr.

Bur land, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary

Yorke, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Viscount Cajilereagh,

the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Corry, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas V, Mr. Tierney,

Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Hiley Addington, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. James Adams, the Lord Glenbervie, Sir Hugh Inglis, Mr. Bond, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both King'* i Houses of Parliament be referred to thasaid Committee. screed*’■

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Plympton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wriu electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in the County of Devon, in the room of Edward Golding, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Trea-fur$r of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Great Drimfby Election Recognizance pot entered t#.

r

Special Reports from W aterford fleflion Coxxumittee.

j'^r* F. W. prant to attend.

Leave given the Committee to j adjourn*

; Grand I Committees t appointed.

3

; Committee I of Privileges appointed.

44 Geo. III. 23° Novemhris. 5

- fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, fox their information;

Mercurii, 23* die Novembris; ' and, &nY ,thiDg ft1*11 come in question touching the

matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw

Anno 44* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803. durin& the time the matter is in Debitc;

The House was moved. That the ninth Section of an otherufua) Prayers. Act, made in the 28 th year of His present Majesty, f r the Order*.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that Colonel John further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or Henry Lofty John Bates, Samuel Alford, and 'Thomas Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

Wardall, Burgesses of the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the And the same being read accordingly;

County of Lincoln, who petitioned this House upon the OThat all Persons who will question any Returns iftdayof August,in the last Session of Parliament, com- of Members to serve in Parliament, by the renewal of plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Petitions, which were depending before this House at the Borough, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect end of the last Session of Parliament, do question the fame of such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, within the time limited for the forfeiture of the Recog-made in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the fur- nizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as ther regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or mentioned in the said Act.

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament. Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns

of Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, City,

Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas reported from the Select Porough, or Place, in that part of the United Kingdom Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of called Great Britain, do question the fame within fourteen the Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of Waterford, days next, and so within fourteen days next after any new Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for Return shall be brought in.

the said City, that the said Committee met this day, at Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns twelve of the clock, in pursuance of an Act, made in of Members to serve in Parliament for that part of the the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further regu- United Kingdom called Ireland, do question the fame by lation of the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of presenting a Petition to this House within fourteen days Members to serve in Parliament, when it appeared that the next, and so within fourteen days next after any new Honourable John William Ward, who was originally a Return shall have been brought into the Office of the Member of the said Committee, had vacated his Seat in Clerk of the Crown of that part of the United Kingdom Parliament. called Great Britain, or by lodging a Petition in the Office

Mr. Dundasalfo reported from the said Committee, of the Clerk of the Crown in that part of the United King-that Francis William Grant, Esquire (one of the Members dom called Ireland, within fourteen days next, and so within of the said Committee) not attending, the Committee fourteen days next after any new Return shall have been continued to fit for one hour, and then adjourned till this brought into the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown in afternoon, at half an hour after three of the clock. J Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Francis William Grant, Esquire, do Ordered, That when any fuels Petition shall have been

attend this House, in his place, upon Friday next. lodged in the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown, in -that

Mr. Dundas also acquainted the House, that the Com- part of the United Kingdom called ithin the time

mittee having taken into consideration the circumstances before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make a copy before-mentioned, and that one other of the Members of thereof, to be preserved in the said Office, and immediately the Committee had been before discharged from his attend- thereupon shall transmit such original Petition (in the ance thereon, conceived that it would be for the interests method used in conveying Returns of Writs) to the of the Parties, if the House would permit the Committee - Speaker of the House of Commons,' to be by him laid to adjourn till Friday Morning next, in expectation that before the House: And that, in case no such Petition shall the said Mr. Grant might then attend. have been lodged in the said Office within the time before

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit special cause assigned, to adjourn till Friday Morning next, a Certificate in the like manner to the Speaker of the

House of Commons, signed by himself, or his Deputy,

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit specifying the time when such Return was made, and that . every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. no *uch Petition had been lodged in his Office previous

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do *° ^ate *uch Certificate, fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House. Ordered, That all Members, who are returned for two or

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of more places m any part of the United Kingdom, do make Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the their election by this day three weeks for which of the jjoufe places they will serve, provided there be no question upon

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit the Return for tlut Place5 and, if any thing shall come in every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House. question touching the Return or Election of any Member,

he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in debate;

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be aopointed: and tl,at all Members, returned upon double Returns, do And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Hobhouse, Mr.. withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Henry Alexander, Mr. Corry, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. At- Resolved, That no Peerof this Realm, except such Peer* tomey General, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Fox, Mr. Tierney, of that part of the United Kingdomcalled Ireland as shall,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Matter of the Rolls, for the time being, be actually elected, and shall not have Mr. Secretary Yorke, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Smyth, declined to serve for any County, City, or Borough, of Sir Evan Nepean, Mr . Fofter, Lord Viscount Cafilercagh, Great Britain, hath any right to give his vote in the elec-Mr. Beresford, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Bankes, Lord Georgetion of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Thyme, Mr. William Elliot, Sir William Scott, Mr. Cantung, Resolved, That it is a high infringement of the Liberties Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Bond, Mr. Soli- and Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom, citor General, Mr. James Adams, Mr. Nicholas Vianfittart, for any Lord of Parliament, or other Peer or Prelate, not Mr. Sargent,the Earl Temple, Mr. Windham, Mr. Sheridan, being a Peer of Jr at the time elected, and not having Sir Francis Burden; and all the Gentlemen of the Long declined to serve for any County, City or Borough, of Great Robe, and ah the Merchants in the House: And they are Britain, to concern himself in the election of Members to to meet upon Monday sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in serve for the Commons in Parliament, except only any the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Peer of Ireland at such Elections in Great Britain respec-Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and tively, where such Peer shall appear as a Candidate, or by all who come are to have voices; and they are to take into himself or any others be proposed to be elected; or for any consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Lord Lieutenant, or Governor of any County, to avail him-(jueftion, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceed-, self of any authority derived from his commission, to in-ings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from fluence the election of any Member to serve for the Gom-tune to time; and the Committee are to have power to mons in Parliament.

VoL* 59- C Resolved,

1

6

23° Novembm. A. 1803.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath procured himself to be eletted or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness, in respect of his evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing, or giving evidence, the fame is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence, in any case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the ytmost severity against fuel? offender.

Resolved, That, in all cases of controverted elections for Counties in England and Wa, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed by the House,deliver to the fitting Members, or their agents; Lifts of the persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members j giving in the fold Lifts, the several heads of objection, and distinguishing the fame against the names of the voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves, or by their agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts on their part to the Petitioners, or their agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no person, so taken into custody, be discharged out of custody without the (pedal order of the House.

Ordered, That the back door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up, every Morning at the fitting of the House, and the key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any person whatsoever without order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every day before the door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from eleven of the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and from four till fix in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the passages through the streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no obstru<ftions be made, by cars, drays, carts, or otherwise, to hinder the passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give notice of this order to the officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no gaming or other disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament;and that there be no annoyance by chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of W ejlminster; and that he do fee the same put in execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the lobby of the House, or upon the stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take care that there be no gaming, or other disorders, in the room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of letters direifted to Members of this House, the person appointed to bring letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other person, to be appointed by the Post Master General, do, for the future, every day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from ten of the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and for two hours at the least immediately after the rising of the House; and also from five of the clock in the Afternoon till seven, at the place appointed for the delivery of the said letters, and take care, during his stay there; to deliver the same to the several Members to whom theylhall be directed, or to their known servant or servants, or others, bringing notes under the hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no letter be delivered but within the hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Let ter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next fitting, with the contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give notice thereof to all Committees; and that 1

all proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being firftperufed by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee#* what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report Laws ' 5 their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of appointed, them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Nicholas Van-fittart, Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Carry, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tierney, Lord Viscount -reagh, Mr. Hobhouse, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. James Adams,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Hurst, Mr. Burland, Mr. Mr. Jervis,

Mr. Fonblanque, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Raine, Mr.

Ormsby, Mr. Francis, Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 30th day of Report November, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from refsrred. the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- iuflnftion. mittee. That they do enquire what temporary Laws, of a public and general nature, which have been made by the Parliaments 0 {England,or of Great Britain, or of Ireland,

or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in force; distinguishing the matter of each such Statute, its date, title, and period of continuance; and also, what Laws of such a description, passed by the British, Irish, or United Parliaments, have expired between the 16th day of November 180a (the first day of the Session 43 Geo. III.) and the 2ad day of November 1803 (the first day of the present Session) distinguishing to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and also, what Laws of such a description are about to expire at the end of the present Session, or before the 31ft day of July 1805, or in the course, or at the end, of any Session which may commence during that period, or in consequence of any contingent event; distinguishing, in like manner, to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and that they do.report the same, together with their observations thereupon, to the House.

The

Time allowed Mr. Fydell to give an Account of his Qualification*

Kettering

Inclosure

Petition.

ftefolutions

respecting

renewed

Election

Petitions.

44 Geo. III.

23° Novemb

The House was moved, That the Petition of Esquire, which was presented to this House upon the 27th day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Thomas Fydell, the younger, Esquire, for the Borough of , in the County of Lincoln, in which Petition the qualification of Mr. Fydell

is questioned by the Petitioner, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 5th day of December 1747, of the proceedings of the House, in relation to Matthew Michell, Esquire, who had petitioned this House,complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, and whose qualification was questioned by the fitting Members, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that Mr. Fydell was, at the time of presenting the said Petition, out of this Kingdom, in Foreign parts, from whence he did not return till the beginning of this present month of November, when he was for the first time informed of the contents of the said Petition; and that therefore he could not comply with the Orders of the House of the 2 lft day of November 1717, relating to Qualifications;

Resolved, That the said Mr. Fydell be allowed seven days more, from this day, to leave with the Clerk of this House, an Account, in writing, of his qualification, as directed by the Orders of the House.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Kettering, in the County of North-

ampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed, and are in their present state incapable of any considerable improvement: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Open and Common Fields.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Several renewed Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th day of November, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Resolution of the House, directing the order in which Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns presented to this House, at the same time, shall be classed, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That whenever several Petitions, complaining " of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in " Parliament, shall, at the same time, be offered to be pre-" fented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Peti-" tions to be all of them delivered in at the Table, where " they shall be classed.and read in the following order; viz.

" Such Petitions as complain that no Return has been *• made of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in the first Class:

*Such as complain of Double Returns, in the second Class:

•* Such as complain of the Election or Return of Mem-<f bers returned to serve for two or more places, in the " third Class:

" Such as complain of Returns only, in the fourth Class: And,

" The Residue of the said Petitions, in the fifth Class."

Resolved, That whenever several renewed Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same time, be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at the Table; and the said Petitions shall be read in the order of the Classes mentioned in the said Resolution, and, in each of the Classes, in the order in which they were directed to be taken into consideration in the last Session of Parliament.

And several Petitions were accordingly delivered in at the Table, being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House; and the fame were read by the Clerk, in the following order.

VOL. 59.

A Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire, was read; Middlesex setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve pe^iionof" in this present Parliament for. the County of Middlesex, the Mr. Main-Petitioner, and also George Byng, Esquire, and Sir Francis warinS' Burdett, Baronet, were Candidates to represent the said County; and that at the said Election Sir William Raw lint,

Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, were Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, and as such presided at the said election, and acted thereat as the lieturning Officers; and that the said Sir William Rawlins and Robert Albion during the said election, manifested great partiality in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett, and in the course and progress of the poll, taken at the said election, did admit a great number of persons to vote at the said election for the said Sir Francis Burdett who had no right whatever to vote at the said election, and among them many persons who neither had, nor could shew,any colour or pretence of right to vote at the said election, and did even refuse to ' permit such persons to be duly examined respecting their right by which they claimed to vote at the said efedtion, and did also admit divers persons to vote more than once at the said election, and notwithstanding the Petitioner, and divers Freeholders of the said County, did strenuously ob-jedt to the votes of all, or many of such persons as were so unlawfully tendered for the said Sir Francis Burdett, and did request the said Sheriff to examine into the rights of such persons to vote at the said election, and not to permit such persons so vote at the said election without first shewing a rightfotodo; and thatthe said Sheriffdid also refuse to admit the votes of divers persons having a right to vote, and who tendered their votes at the said election for the Petitioner; and that the undue conduct of the said Sheriff during the said election was highly injurious to the Petitioner, and to the rights of the real Electors of the said County; and that by the aforesaid and other unlawful means herein after mentioned, the said Sir Francis Burdett obtained a colourable and apparent majority of votes over the Petitioner upon the said poll taken at the said late, election for the said County of Middlesex; and that the said Sir Francis,

before the said election, and at and during the lame, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, was guilty of bribery and corruption, and corrupt practices, in order to his being elected a Member at the said election to serve in this present Parliament for the said County; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, before the said election, and at and during the lame, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others employed by him, did by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons to give their votes in the said election for the said Sir Francis Burdett, and to forbear to give their votes in the said election for the Petitioner; all which unlawful and corrupt practices of the said Sir Francis Burdett were contrary to the freedom of election, to the Handing Orders of the House, and to the Laws and Statutes in force for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by the aforesaid unlawful and corrupt means, did obtain an apparent and colourable majority of votes over the Petitioner on the poll taken at the said election for the said County of Middlesex, and by the partiality and undue conduct of the said Sheriff, acting as such Sheriff and Returning Officer as aforesaid at the said election for the said County of Middlesex, did procure himself to be, and was returned to this present Parliament, as a Member to serve therein for the said County of Middlesex, whereas the Petitioner alledges, and humbly infills, that he had a majority of legal votes at the said election, and ought to have been duly returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex; and that it ought now to be declared

that he was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, as a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex: And therefore praying the House to take his case into consideration, and to grant him such relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 2d day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition

8 33® jrfobembris. 1803.

Mrfcfljon Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Petition of ,/*» whose names are thereunto subscribed, was also read; Freeholdfcr*. setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of William Mainwaring, Esquire, and also Esquire,

and Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, were Candidates to repre-sent the said County; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in ' his behalf, did, after the teste of the Writ for the said elec-

tion, and at and during the said election, and before his election to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex,give, present, and allow, to divers

persons having votes in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment, of such persons, in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others, at the charge of him the said Sir Francis Burdett, did, after the telle of the Writ for the said election, and at and during the said election, and before his election to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex, give, present, and allow, to divers persons having votes in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment, of such persons, in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, before the said election, and at and during the fame, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, was by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, guilty of bribery and corruption, and corrupt practices, in order to his being elected a Member at the said election to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex; and that the said Sir Burdett,

before the said election, and at and during the fame, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others employed by him on his behalf, did by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities, for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons to give their votes in the said election for him the said Sir Francis Burdett, and to forbear to give their votes for the said William Mainwaring; all which unlawful and corrupt practices of the said Sir Francis Burdett were contrary to the freedom of election, to the Standing Orders of this House, and to the Laws and Statutes in force for preventing charge and expence in elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament, and have rendered the said election, and the return of the said Sir Francis Burdett, entirely null and void, to all intents and purposes: And therefore praying the House to take their case into consideration, and to grant to them such relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

Midhurst A Petition of 'Thomas Holt of Enfield Chafe, in the Eieftion— County of Middlesex, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That MnHolt at the last Election for the Borough of Mtdhurfi, in the White. County of Su/Jcx, Philip Tumor, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were'Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Philip Tumor was returned duly elected: That thereupon the Petitioner, and certain Butgage Holders of the said Borough, did, on Thursday, »3

the 3d day of February last, petition the House against the Return of the said Philip Tumor, and claiming the Return and Seat for the Petitioner, and the Petitioner duly entered into a Recognizance, with sufficient sureties for the trial of the said Petition, but the said Petition did not come on to be tried during the last Session of Parliament; and the Petitioner therefore now renews his said former Petition, and prays the House to appoint an early day for considering the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera? tion upon Thursday, the 2d day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Turton, of Castle, in Southwark

the County of Surrey, Baronet, was read; setting forth,

That at the last Election of a Representative to lerve in si^Thoiw* Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the room of Turton. the Right honourable George Tierney, who had accepted the place of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, the said Right honourable George Tierney, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that ftie said Right honourable George Tierney was, by himself and agents, guilty of bribery and of other undue, illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable practices, in order to procure himself to be elected and returned as a Burgels to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that divers Ministers, and other servants under the Crown of Great Britain, did use the powers of office in the said election in favour of the said Right honourable George Tierney, and in defiance of the Resolution of the House of the 10th day of December, in the year 1779; and that many persons, not entitled to vote in the said election, were admitted by the Returning Officer to poll for the Right honourable George Tierney, and that many persons who were entitled to vote, and <vho tendered their votes for the Petitioner, were rejected; and that the Petitioner having demanded that the names of all persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were rejected, should be inserted in the poll-book as having tendered for him their votes, the said Right honourable George Tierney did strenuously ob-jed to the fame, and did prevail on the Returning Officer to refuse to comply with the said demand; and that, means of such refusal, many persons duly entitled to vote at such election, and who came with intent to vote for the Petitioner, were prevented from making a regular and formal tender of their votes; and that a scrutiny having been demanded by the Petitioner, and granted, the votes of many persons who were entitled to vote, and who had voted for the Petitioner, were (truck off the poll, and that the votes of many persons who were not entitled to poll, and who had voted for the said Right honourable George

Tierney,were confirmed; and that divers churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and other persons, having the possession of the parish books of the several parishes in the said Borough, did, during the poll and* scrutiny, constantly refuse to the Petitioner, his counsel, and agents, the inspection of the said books, and did frequently, during the said scrutiny, by the procurement and under the sanction of the said Right honourable George Tierney, refuse to produce the said books in evidence, though repeatedly requested by the High Bailiff so to do, by which means the faio scrutiny was rendered ineffectual to the Petitioner; and that by these means the said Right honourable George Tierney procured himself to be returned as a Burgels to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the Petitioner presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament a Petition, to the purport and effect as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That a day may be appointed for taking the above premises into consideration, and for giving to the Petitioner such relief as he may be entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 7th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

thought

Add ref* reported, and agreed to.

44 Geo. Ill*

23° Novembris.

0

thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for’ regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by . themselves, their coumfel, or agents, at the times

on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Mr. Ashley reported from the Committee, appointed yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty., That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mott gracious Sovereign,

We Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to return Your Majesty the thanks of this House, for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We allure Your Majesty, that we are deeply fenlible of Your Majesty’s paternal care, and attention to the safety and interests of Your faithful People, in carrying into effect tuch measures as Parliament has adopted for the defence of the United Kingdom, and the vigorous prosecution of the war.

We are highly gratified in refleding, that in those preparations Your Majesty has been seconded by the voluntary exertions of all ranks of Your People, in a manner which Your Majesty has been most graciously pleased to declare, has, if possible, strengthened their claims to Your Majesty’s confidence and affection.

We feel with just exultation, that-the menaces of the Enemy have only served to route the native and hereditary spirit of this Nation; and that all other considerations are loft in a general disposition to make those efforts and lacri-fices, which the honour and safety of the Kingdom demand at this important and critical conjundture.

We beg leave humbly to congratulate Your Majesty On the impression, which, notwithstanding the necelfity of principally attending to the great object of internal security, has been made on the Foreign Possessions of the Enemy, by the capture of the Islands of St. , , St.

and. Miquelon, and of the Settlements of and

EJJiequibo; and, we are fully fenlible of the promptitude and zeal displayed by the Officers employed in the conduct of the operations by which those valuable acquisitions have been, made, and by the forces acting under their command by sea and land.

We have great satisfaction in reflecting that the leaders, and several of the inferior agents, in the late traitorous and atrocious conspiracy in Ireland, have been brought to justice; and that the public tranquillity has experienced no further interruption; and we earnestly participate in the hope which Your Majesty has so graciously expressed, that such of Your Majesty’s deluded Subjects as have swerved from their allegiance, are now convinced of their error, and comparing the advantages they enjoy under the protect ion of a free constitution, with the condition of the countries under the dominion of the French Government, they will cordially and zealoully concur in refitting any attempt that may be made against the security and independence of the United Kingdom.

We assure Your Majesty, that You may rely on the readiness of Your faithful Commons to make such provision as may be necessary for the service of the year; and that we are fully sensible of the importance of persevering in the system which has been adopted, of defraying the expences of the War, with as little addition as possible to the Public Debt, and to the permanent burthens of the State.

We feel a perfect confidence that our fellow subjects will meet with fortitude the pressure, which the present situation of the Country renders unavoidable, under a

VOL. 59.

conviction of the indispensible importance of upholding tlfe dignity, and of providing effectually for the safety of the Empire.

We return our thanks to Your Majesty, for Your Majesty’s gracious intention of laying before us the Convention •which Your Majesty has concluded with the King of Sweden, for the purpose of adjusting the differences which have arisen on the subject of the Eleventh Article of the Treaty of 1661; and we trust that it will be found at once to uphold our Maritime Rights, and to produce the effect of maintaining and improving the good understanding which happily subsists between the two Countries.

We are most deeply convinced, that it will be, as it ever has been, Your Majesty’s first object to execute, as becomes Yout Royal Dignity, the great trust with which Your Majestyis invested; and we receive, with the strongest feelings of veneration and dutiful attachment, the expression of those paternal sentiments which induce Your Majesty to consider Yourself as embarked in one common cause with Your People, and which have determined Your Majesty, if the occasion should arise, to share their exertions and their dangers in the defence of our Constitution, our Religion, our Laws, and Independence.

We beg leave humbly to assure Your Majesty, that these sentiments will not be loft on an affectionate and grateful People, but will animate and invigorate the activity and valour of Your Majesty’s Fleets and Armies, and the zeal and determination of Ypur faithful Subjects, to which Your Majesty, under the protection of Divine Providence, may safely confide the honour of Your Crown, and all those important interests which are involved in the issue of this momentous contest.

Partaking of these Your Majesty’s sentiments, and joining with Your Majesty in humbly imploring the blessing of Divine Providence, we look forward with a firm conviction, that if, contrary to all'just expectation, the Enemy should elude the vigilance of Your Majesty’s Fleets and Cruisers, and attempt to execute their presumptuous threat of invading the jeoafts of the United Kingdom, the consequences will be to them difeomfiture, confusion, and disgrace'; and that the exertions of this kingdom will be rewarded, not only by the glory of surmounting present difficulties, and repelling immediate danger, but by the solid and permanent advantage of fixing its safety and independence on the basis of acknowledged strength, the result of its own tried energy and resources.

The said Address being read a second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contra dieente.That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty,

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to King.f both Houses of Parliament be taken into consideration Speech to t* Tomorrow. considered.

A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- Durham city unto subscribed, Citizens and Freemen of the City of Eleaion— Durham, having a right to vote in the Election of Members citizen, °&e, to serve in Parliament for the said City, was delivered in at * the Table, and read j setting forth, That at the last election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for ’ the City of Durham, Ralph JohnLambton, Richard Wharton, and Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquires, were Candidates to . repreient the said City, and the said Ralph John Lamb ton and Richard Wharton were returned as such Members, as having the majority on the poll; and that the said Richard Wharton, by himself, his agents,friends, and managers, did, after the teste and issuing out of the Writ of election, give to persons having vote in such election, meat and drink, and didalfo make other presents, gifts, and rewards, and divers promises, obligations, or engagements to do the fame, to many persons having voice in such elections, contrary to, and in defiance of, the order, usage, and Law of Parliament; and that the said Richard Wharton, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and by other ways D and

10 23*—24°—2 A. 1803.

sd means on the behalf, or at the charge of him the said Rickard Wharton, did, after the dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the teste or issuing of the Writ for the said election, give, present, and allow, to persons having voice or vote in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and make promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for several persons so having or claiming right to vote in the said election, and to or for the use, advantage, benefit, profit, and preferment, of such persons so having or claiming right to vote in the said election, in order to procure him the said Richard Wharton to be elected to serve in Parliament, and for his the said Richard Wharton being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City of Durham,contrary to, and in contempt of, the provisions of the several Acts of Parliament made for preventing of treating, bribery, and corruption, at the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Petitioners are Citizens and Freemen of the said City of having a right to vote at the elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, and at the last election for such City the Petitioners voted for the said Michael Angelo Taylor; and that the said Richard Wharton used the aforesaid and other undue means and corrupt practices of treating and bribery, and illegally incurred great charge and expence in and about the said election, whereby the rights and privileges of the Petitioners, and the other Citizens and Freemen of the said City, have been violated; and the Petitioners complain of the election and return of the said Richard Wharton, and submit that his election is void, and that he is disabled and incapacitated from fitting as a Member to represent the said City in this present Parliament: And therefore praying. That the matters aforesaid may be taken into consideration, and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 7th day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon. Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties, accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 24® die Novembris;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prate rs,

The King X ORD Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, appoints to 1 jThat His Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant beatten e . to the Order of yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s pleasure, when he would be pleated to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this day, at half an hour after three of the clock, at His Palace of Saint James,

Kintfs Speech The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into confiJered. consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the lame was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Motion fQr And a motion being nude. That a Supply be granted s^iy. to His Majesty; 3

i 7

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve iiiclf into a Committee of the whole House, to com'-der ol that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25® dieJSbovembris;

Anno, 44° Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1803. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty yesterday, with their Addicts; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my warmest thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address. Such a declaration of your llnti-ments cannot fail to afford Me the highest satisfaction.

I have a perfect reliance on the continuance of your support, and on the co-operation of all ranks of My faithful People, in enabling Me to defeat the designs of the Enemy; and to bring the contest in which we are engaged to a fuc-cefsful and honourable issue.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue lais warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sefex, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, commonly called Lord Hazvkefoury,now Baron called up to the House of Peers.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Townlhi;?, Manor, and Liberty of Little Hucklow, in the Parish ot H:pe, in the County of

Derby, was p relented to the House. and read; setting forth. That if the several Open and Uninclosed Lands within the said Manor, and also the Mesne Inclosures within the said Township, Manor, and Liberty, were divided and allotted, it would be a great improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and Mr. Trcvanion do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Nairn,

and Ftrres, in the room of Alexander PenrcJ'e Cuming Gordon, Esquire, who, since his election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, -rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made yesterday, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob house took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas reported from the Sded Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, That the said Committee met this day, at

three

To be con* tillered.

Answer to Address.

Rye Writ.

Little Hucklow inclosure Petition.

1

1

Fortrofe, &c. Writ.

Committee on Motion for Supply.

Report froiu Waterford Election Committee, respecting the AI'fence of a Member.

Mr. Giant to attend in ki; Place.

Windsor KleRion— Petition of Mr. Rami-bottom.

44 Geo. III. ' 25° Novem 11

three of the clock, pursuant to their adjournment of Wed-ntfday last, and Francis William Grant, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for one hour, and then adjourned till this Afternoon, at half an hour after three of the clock; and that the Committee, and the parties, were desirous that the Committee should proceed without further delay.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Francis William Grant, Esquire, be discharged from any further attendance on the said Committee;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th day of February 1775, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Report made respecting the absence of a Member from the Select Committee appointed for trial of the Election for the Borough of Down ton, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

And the House being informed (by a Member in his place) that he knew it was the intention of the said Mr. Grant to have attended the said Committee, but that a subsequent misapprehension, in conceiving that the Committee wasdiffolved by the termination of the Session, had been the enufe of his absenting himself; and that he is now at such a distance from Town as to make his attendance within a short'time impracticable;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Grant be discharged from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to proceed notwithstanding the absence of the said Mr. Grant.

The Order of the day being read, for the attendance of Francis William Grant, Esquire, in his place;

And the said Mr. Grant not being in his place in the-

House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Grant do attend this House, in his place, upon Wednesday sevennight, the 7th day of December next.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the fame were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order:

A Petition of Richard Ramfbo of Clewer Cottage, in the County of Berks, Esquire, was read} setting forth. That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newthesaid County of Berks, John Williams, of Horton House, in the County of Bucks, Esquire, the honourable Robert Fulk Greville, of Richmond Park, in the County of Surrey, and the Petitioner, were Candidates for the said Borough; and that the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville, after the dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the teste and issuing of the Writ for the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to and during the poll for such election, were guilty of bribing,-corrupting, and entertaining of the Voters, and did give, present, and allow, to such Electors of the said Borough, and to several persons who had, or claimed to have, a right to vote in the election for the fame Borough, meat, drink, and reward, entertainment, and provision, in order to procure them, the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in . open defiance of the Laws; and many other Electors, duly qualified to vote, wefe prevented voting for the Petitioner by bribery, corruption, and threats; and that previous to and during the said election the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville, and their agents, did give and distribute several large sums of money to several of the Voters of the said Borough, who had or claimed a right to vote at the said election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville at the said election; and that the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville, and their agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious acts of bribery and corruption j and that many of the persons who voted for the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville were induced so to do by bribery and corruption, whose votes ought therefore to be rejected and dilallowed; and that, by other illegal and unwarrantable practices and proceedings of jthe said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville, and their agents, the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Greville procured a colour*

Vol. 59,

able majority of votes upon the poll, and were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, as the Petitioner conceived, had a great majority of the legal and uncorrupted votes at the said election* and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and grant the Petitioner such relief therein as shall, upon examination, appear to be just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the 9th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Arbuthnot, Esquire, was read j setting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough and Town of Wymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, Sir James Pulteney, Baronet, Gabriel Tucker Steward, Esquire, Charles Adams, Esquire, William Garthjhore , Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates j and that at the said election a majority of legal votes were offered in favour of the Petitioner, but Thomas Morris, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough and Town, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said election, received the votes of many persons on the poll in favour of the said Charles Adams who had no right to vote at the said election, and rejected many legal votes which were tendered in favour of the Petitioner, by which means a majority appeared on the poll in favour of the said Charles Adams, and the said Thomas Morris hath unjustly returned the said Charles Adams duly elected; whereas the Petitioner had a majority of legal votes, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House will take the premises into their consideration, and grant him such relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 9th day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iilue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Manners, Esquire, was read; setting forth. That at the last Election for Membe>s to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Somerset, Sir William Manners, Baronet, Charles Brooke, James Ramsay Cuthbert, William and the Petitioner, were Candidates for the said Borough; and that the said Charles Brooke, by himself, and his agents, after the teste and issuing of the Writ for the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to and during the poll for such election, was guilty of bribery, and of corrupting and entertaining the Voters, and did give, present, and allow, to certain Electors of the said Borough, and to several persons who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the same Borough, meat, drink, and reward, entertainment and provision, in order to procure him the said Charles Brooke to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in open defiance of the' Laws; and that previous to the last General Election for the said Borough of llchefier, such a system of corruption was proved, and such instances occurred in which individual acts of bribery were committed, with a view to influence the said Electors, as did (in the judgment of a Committee of the House of Commons, to whose decision the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complaining of the undue return of Thomas Plummer, Esquire, and William Hunter, Esquire, was referred) render it incumbent on the said Committee to submit, and they did accordingly submit, the fame unto the mod serious consideration of the House of Commons, in order that such proceedings might be instituted thereon as the House, in its wisdom, might think proper to adopt; and that several persons, Electors of the said Borough, who were named by the said Committee, were by them declared to have received bribes for their votes previous to the last General Election for the

Weymouth and Mel-corabe Regis Election-Petition of Mr. Arbuthnot.

Uchester Election—r Petition of Mr. Manner*

12 25° Novembris. A. 1803.

said Borough, and to have been thereby disqualified from voting at the said election, and the votes of such persons were accordingly, by the said Committee, struck off from the poll, and disallowed; and that the election of the said Thomas Plummer and Wi Hunter having, by the said Committee, been declared void, and, a new Writ having issued for the election of two Members to fill the fame vacancies in the representation of the lame Borough in Parliament, several of the fame persons, so disqualified, did, notwithstanding such decision, again, under the influence of the fame bribery, vote at the last election for the said Charles Brooke, though, as the Petitioner humbly conceives, such persons were disqualified, and incapable of voting at such last election; and that some of the persons who were permitted to vote and poll for the said Charles Brooke at the said last election, were not legally qualified to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that many persons, duly qualified, who tendered to vote for the Petitioner, were rejected, though they ought to have been admitted to vote, and many other Electors, duly qualified to vote, were prevented voting for the Petitioner by bribery, corruption, and threats; and that, previous to and during the said last election, the said Charles and his agents did give and

distribute several large sums of money to several of the Voters of' the said Borough, who had, or claimed, a right to vote at the said election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said Charles Brooke at the said election; and that the said Charles Brooke and his agents were guilty of many grols and notorious acts of bribery and corruption } that many of the persons who voted for the said Charles Brooke, were induced so to do by bribery and corruption, whose votes ought therefore to be rejected and disallowed; and that by the means aforesaid, and by other illegal and unwarrantable practices and proceedings of the said Charles Brooke and his agents, the said Charles Brooke procured a colourable majority of votes upon the poll, and was returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, as he conceives, had a great majority of the legal and uncorrupted votes at the said election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the premises into consideration, and grant him such relief thereinras shall, upon examination, appear to be just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 14th day of February next, at three . of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ikhefter A Petition of William Esquire, was also read;

Pethion'oT footing forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve

Mr! Webb, in the present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Somerset, Charles , Esquire, Sir William

Manners, Baronet, John , Esquire, James Ramsay

Cifthbert, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir William , Baronet, and John

Manners, Esquire, by themselves, and their agents, and others on their behalf, before and during the said election, and before and during the poll taken at the said election, were guilty of bribery and corruption of the Electors of the said Borough, to give their votes for them the said Sir William Manners and John , and to refuse and

forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, and of at-. tempting to bribe and corrupt the Electors of the said Borough to give their votes for the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, and to refuse and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, in order that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners might be returned Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough j and that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, by themselves, their agents, and managers, and by other persons on their behalf, at and during the said late election, and previous to the fame, did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, gifts, and securities for gifts and rewards, and by meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and by promises and engagements to give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, and did by threats influence, and attempt to influence, divers persons, being Electors of the said Borough, to give their votes at the said election for the said Sir William Manners and John Maimers, that the said Sir William Manners and

John Manners might be elected and returned Members to lit in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and also did,by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, and by meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and by promiles and engagements to give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, and did by threats influence, and attempt to influence, divers persons, being Electors of the said Borough, to refuse and forbear to give their votes at the [said election for the Petitioner, that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners might be elected and returned Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that James Curry, Esquire, the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, did, at and during the said election, act erroneously, and without sufficient information, in the execution of his office, as such Returning Officer, and did at the poll, through mistake and error, reject the votes of many persons having a right to vote at the said election, and who tendered their votes at the said election for the Petitioner, and which votes the said James Curry, as such Returning Officer at the said election, ought to have received and admitted on the poll, and did, through the like mistake and error, at the said election, receive and admit on the poll, for the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, the votes of many persons who had no right to vote at the said election, and which votes he the said James Curry, as such Returning Officer, ought to have rejected} and that by the above stated, and various other unlawful means, the said Sir William Manners and John Manners obtained a colourable majority over the Petitioner of votes on the poll at the said election, and the said Sir William Manners was returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a majority of legal votes over the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, and ought to have been returned, and so manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the legal Electors of the said Borough,-and in open defiance of the Laws and freedom of election, and particularly of the Adl against treating, and the Adl for more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to l'erve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant unto him

such relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. 4

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be ' thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cates, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in'a Bill to pre- Seamen’, 1 vent the desertion and escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Proccls: And that Mr.

Jervis, Sir Philip Stephens, Mr. William Eliot, Sir Thomas Troubridge, Mr. James Adams, Mr. Markham, Mr.

shore, Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr.

Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring so, the fame.

A Petition of "several Directora of the London Dock i.onrfon n<* Company, on behalf of themselves and the other Proprie-

tors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed for establishing the said Company, and that considerable progrels has been 1

made in carrying on the Works, and making the purchases, '

directed by the said Adl, but from the great advance in the price of materials and labour, and other unforeleen circum-

stances.

44 Geo. III.

O X0_

-28° Novemb

13

Adjournment.

Account of Permanent Taxes, ordered.

Seamen's Desertion Bill, predated.

fiances, it is found that the said Act cannot be carried into complete execution without the said Company being empowered to raise a sum of money not exceeding £. 500,060, over and above the several Turns which they are authorized to raite by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, Sir William Curtis, tzc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of thd Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in the years and quarters ending the 10th day of October 1802 and 1803, respectively.

Mr. Jervispresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, Or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Process: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuelilay next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Ttalbeck

Iadofure

Fethkm

Account of Permanent Taxes, presented.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Report front

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ^Twot'oii' consider of the Motion made upon.Thursday lad, that a for Supply. Supply be granted to His Majesty, the hctolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- SuPP]y fider of the Supply granted to His Majesty. «pp°mte

Lunce, 28° die ISovembris;

Anno, 440 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

APETITION of Henry Fane, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Fulbeck, in the County of Lincoln, and of several other Persons, Owners of Property within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Open Fields, Heath, Commonable, and Waste Lands, containing together 1,300 acres, or thereabouts, and also divers ancient inclosed Lands, containing upwards of 2,000 acres; and that it would be of great advantage to all parties concerned, if the said Open Fields, Heath, Commonable, and Waste Lands, were to be inclosed, and if the said inclosed Lands were discharged of Tythes, by an adequate compensation to the Rector in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that General Bertie and Mr, Chaplin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Forfter, from the Exchequer, attended at the door ;• he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in the years and quarters ending the xoth day of October 1802 and 1803, respectively.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Chelmsford Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol, Chelmsford, Essex, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

‘ VO L. 59.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the year 1804, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Royal Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs! of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the year 1804, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the year 1804, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the year 1804, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the probable Expence of the Transport Service, for the year 1804,be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates and Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Estimates, &c« ordered;

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Services incurred, not provided for*

Transport Service*

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the fame were read, by the Clerk, in the following order:

A Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire, was AjrWbury read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mr. Fremaa-Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, James tle*

Esquire, Robert Bent, Esquire, Scrope Bernar d, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, at and during the continuance of the said election, divers persons, who were not duly qualified to vote at the lame, were permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes for the said James Dupre and Robert Bent; and divers other persons, who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their votes at the said election for, and in favour of, the Petitioner, were not permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes, but were by them, without any legal or just cause, disallowed and rejected; and that the said James Dupre, previous to, and at and during the said election, by himself, and by his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption; and that at and during the said election, and . previous thereto, he did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure and attempt to procure, divers persons, being qualified to vote in the said election, to give their votes for him the said James Dupre at the said election; and did also, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure, and attempt to procure, divers other persons, being also qualified to vote in the said cledlion, to refuse and forbear to givQ their votes E at

14 28° Ncroembm, . 1803.

at the said election for the Petitioner, contrary to the Law and custom of Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and tfyat the said James Dupre, in order to be elected a. Member to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, after the date of the Writ issued for the election of Members, and at and during the continuance of the said election, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, 'did corruptly allow to divers persons, who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, in violation of the Standing Orders and Regulations of the House, and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Robert Bent, previous to, and at and during the said election, by himself, and by his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption; and that at and during the said election, and previous thereto, he did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure, and attempt to procure, divers persons being qualified to vote in the said election, to give their votes for him the said Robert Bent, at the said election; and did allb, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure, and attempt to procure, divers other persons, being also qualified to vote in the said election, to refuse and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, contrary to the Law and custom of Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and that the said Robert Bent, in order to be elected a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, after the date of the Writ issued for the election of Members, and at and during the continuance of the said election, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, did corruptly allow to divers persons who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, in violation of the Standing Orders and Regulations of the House, and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that by these and other means of undue influence and corruption, the said James Dupre and the said Robert Bent obtained a colourable majority of votes over the Petitioner, and procured themselves to be returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury,in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the Eledors of the said Borough, and in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, being duly elected by the majority of legal votes, ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such relief, and to take such other measures, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Aylesbury A Petition of the Reverend William Lloyd, Doctor in

Itetkton of" Divinity, Robert Browne, A£ion Chaplin, John Barker, Ed-Ileftor*. ward Alston, Robert Smith,. Francis Fleet, John Rawbone, William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf of themselves and others, the legal Eledors of the Borough of Aylesbury, was also read; letting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury,* in the County of Buckingham, James Dupre, Esquire, Robert Bent, Esquire, Scrope Bernard, Esquire, and Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, at and during the continuance of the said election, divers persons who were not duly qualified to vote at the fame, were permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes for the said James Dupre and Robert Bent, and divers other persons who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their votes at the said election for and in favour of the said Thomas Francis Fremantle, were not permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes, but were by them, without any legal or just cause, and merely through corrupt and grols partiality, di fallowed and re-

jeded; and that the said James Dupre and Robert , by themselves, and by their agents, friends, managers, and others in their behalf, were, and each of them, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption; and that at and during the said eledioi, and previous thereto, they, by themselves, their agents, friends, and managers, and by others in their behalf, and each of them, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and by others in his behalf, did, by gifts and rewards, and by promiles, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure, and attempt to procure, divers persons being qualified to vote in the said election, to give their votes for the said James Dupre and the said Robert Bent respectively > and did also, by gifts and rewards, and promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure and attempt to procure, divers other persons, being also qualified to vote in the said election* td refufo and forbear to give their votes at the fame for the said Thomas Francis Fremantle, contrary to the Law and Custom of Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm, enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and that the said James Dupre and Robert Bent, in order to be elected Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, after the date of the Writ issued for the election of Members, and at and during the continuance of the said election, by themselves, their agents, and friends, and managers, and others in their behalf, and at their charge, and each of them, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, and at his charge, did corruptly allow to divers persons, who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, in violation of the Standing Orders and Regulations of the House, and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that by these and other means of corruption and undue influence, the said James Dupre and the said Robert Bent obtained a colourable majority of votes over the said Thomas Francis Fremantle, and procured themselves to be returned to serve in this present Parliament, in prejudice of the right of the said Thomas Francis Fremantle (who, being duly elected by the majority of legal votes, ought to have been returned accordingly) and in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the Petitioners, and of all other the Eledors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such relief, and to take such other measures, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers? and records, as shall be thought necessary determined by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Maldon thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Ek-aion— Eledors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bo- E^stors.0* rough of Maldon, in the County of Essex, was read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Essex, on Monday, the 5th day of July 1802,

Peter William Baker and John Blair, Esquires, and Joj'eph Holden Strutt, and Charles Callis , Esquires, were

Candidates; and that Peter William Baker and John,

■Esquires, were duly elected, and ought in justice to have been returned as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; but that Robert Raikes, Esquire,

Sheriff of the County of Essex, who acted as Returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in favour of the said Joseph Holden Strutt, and Charles Callis Western, admitting many persons to poll for them who had no right to vote at the said election, and rejeding many of the Petitioners, and other persons, who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the said Peter William Baker and John Blair, and who had, as the Petitioners infill, good' right, if any persons have good right, to-be admitted to polh at that election; by means whereof, and of other undue and illegal

44 Geo. III. 28° Novembris-. 15

practices of the said Sheriff, so acting as such Returning Officer, and of the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis Western, the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis IVeflern are returned as duly elected, to the prejudice of the Petitioners, and in violation of their rights; and that the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis by them (elves, or their agents, were guilty of many acts of bribery and corruption before, and in the course of, the said election of Members for the said Borough; and that the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis IVeflern did, after the telle of the Writ of Summons to Parliament, by themselves, or their agents, give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provisions, to divers persons who had votes in the said election, all which proceedings are in derogation of the rights of the Petitioners, and contrary to the freedom and purity of election: And therefore praying. That the premises may be taken into consideration, that; Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis IVflern may be de-

clared not duly elected, and that Peter tVilliam Baker and John Blair may be declared duly elected for the said Borough, and the Returns thereof accordingly amended; and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioners as may be suited to the nature of the case, and to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 16th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Bonittm A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there-

unto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of in the

pjhf. County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That at the last General Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir George Tonge, Baronet, i Sir JohnHonywood, Baronet, and George Shum, Esquire, were

1 Candidates; and that, previous to the said election, various

; of the Electors were tempted by the friends and agents of

the said Sir John Honywood and George Shum to offer their votes to sale; and that the said Sir John Honywood and George Shum did, by themselves, and by their respective friends and agents, bribe and corrupt a great number of the Electors by large sums of money, and by promises and offers of large sums of money, and of places, employments, and other rewards, to promise them their votes at the said election; and that such bribery and corruption was continued home to the election in the moll open and profligate manner; and that by means thereof, and by an uncon-ilitutional interference, and improper and undue influence which took place, and also by treating the Electors with meat, drink, and other entertainment, after the teste of the Writ, and also by other illegal acts which wereScpmmitted, the said Sir John Honywood and George Shum procured a colourable majority at the said election, and were returned Representatives in Parliament for the said Borough, in violation of the Laws and freedom of election, and to the injury of the rights and privileges of the Petitioners and others, Electors of the said Borough, who had a right to vote at the said election: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their mod serious consideration, and that the election and return of the said Sir John Honywood and George Shum may be declared to be void, and that the House will take such measures as shall prevent in future such seenes of bribery and corruption, and as shall insure to the Petitioners and others, the said Electors, the pure and undisturbed enjoyment of their rights and tranch ifes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 16th day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war-rahts, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

c,-r->kfergtu A Petition of Ezekiel Davys Wilson, Esquire, was read;

Fie-ction— letting forth, That the Petitioner and the Honourable Lord Spencer Chichester, were Candidates at the last Election of a Vol. $9.

Member to serve ini Parliament for the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, which election was had on Saturday,

the 44th day of July 1802, and that at the said election Thomas Kirk and Barry Martin, Esquires, Sheriffs of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus aforesaid, acted corruptly, partially, and unfairly, in execution of their office as Returning Officers; and that during the poll many persons who were not Freeholders of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, or Freenien thereof, or otherwise legally qualified to vote at the said election, were permitted by the Sheriffs to poll for the said Lord Spencer Chichester, and that many other persons were permitted to poll for the said Lord Spencer Chichester, of whose freedom or right to vote not any legal evidence whatever was given; and that many persons who had been legally admitted Freemen of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus aforesaid, and whose votes ought to have been received, tendered the fame for the Petitioner, but were rejected by the Sheriffs, by whole partial and illegal conduct, and by other undue and corrupt means herein after mentioned, a fictitious majority appeared on the Sheriffs’ books in favour of Lord Spencer Chichester against the Petitioner, whereupon the said Lord Spencer Chichester vises declared duly elected, whereas, if those votes so tendered for the Petitioner had not been arbitrarily, partially, and illegally rejected, there would have been a -great majority in favour of the Petitioner; and that the said Lord Spencer Chichester, by himself, his friends, and agents, and persons employed by them, were, after the dif-solution of the last Parliament, and after the teste of the Writ for holding the said election, and previous to and during the poll,* guilty of bribery and corruption in procuring votes, and in attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to vote, in order to procure himself to be returned as duly elected, and by threats, menaces, and promises, procured the votes of many persons who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner: And therefore praying that the said return of the said Lord Spencer Chichester may be deemed null and void, and that the Petitioner may be declared duly elected to represent the said County of the Town of Carrickfergus in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, and that the Petitioner may have such relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 21ft day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several persons thereunder figried, sudtory Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suf- Election* folk, was read; setting forth, That at the last election for Eleftowf* the said Borough of Sudbury, Sir John Cox Hippefley, Baronet, and John Pytches, Esquire, were Candidates, and were returned as Members having been duly elected for the said Borough; and that previous to, and after the teste of the Writ of summons for the election of proper persons to represent the said Borough of Sudbury, and before the said election, and also at and during the said election, and before the return made, the said John Pytches did, by himself, and his agents and friends, with his privity, by his directions, and on his behalf, give to divers Electors of the said Borough, or persons having or claiming tobc Electors of the said Borough of Sudbury, and having votes in such election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision; and the said John Pytches,his agents, and friends, did also make and

give to such persons, so having votes as aforesaid, presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainment, and did also, previous to, and at the time of the said election, make promises and agreements, and enter into obligations and engagements, to give and allow such persons, money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, in order that he the said John Pytches might be elected one of the Representatives in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by reason of such conduct of the said John Pytches, in defiance of the Standing Orders of the House, and in violation of the Laws of the Realm, the Petitioners submit, that the said John Pytches became, and was incapable of being returned and elected to serve in Parliament for the said

Borough

JLflnehetd Election— Petition of Mr. Laugfton and Mr. Wood bridge.

16 £8° Novem. A. 1803.

Borough or Town of Sudbury; and that the said John Pytches, having so become legally incapable of being returned and elected as one of the Representatives for the said Borough or Town of Sudbury, such votes as were given for him, and in his favour, are, and ought to be considered as null and void; and that the return and election of the said John Pytches must also be considered as null and void; and that the said Jbhn Pytches must also be deemed no Member legally elected for the said Borough or Town of Sudbury: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their ebunfei, in support of their Petition, and have filth relief in the pfemifes as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upOnTuefday, the 2ift‘day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternodn.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought.necessaFy by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition' of John Langston, Esquire, and James Wtod-bridge the ydiinger, Esquire, was read; letting forth. That at the last Election for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, John Fownes Luttrell, Esquire, and John

Pattefon, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon, by themselves, or their agents, friends, and managers, did, after the teste and ilfuing out of the Writ of Election, give to persons having vote in such election, meat and drink, and also make other presents, gifts, and rewards, to such persons; and that by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for render-" ing proceedings upon Writs of , and informa-

tions in the nature of a quo warranto, more speedy and ef-4t feftual, and for the more easy trying and determining " the rights of offices and franchises in Corporations and " Boroughs," reciting, " that whereas in divers Counties, * Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, where, " the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Officer or Officers, to * whom it belongs to preside at the election, and make " return of any Member to serve in Parliament, ought to * be annually elected,the same person hath been re-elected *t into such office for several years successively, which has * been found inconvenient," it was enacted, that no * person or persons, who had been or should be in such * annual office for a whole year, should be capable to be chosen into the fame office for the year immediately en-* suing;" and that the Constables of the Borough of Aline head are the officers who preside at the election, and make return of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that- 'the Constables of the Borough of . Minehead are appointed annually at the Court Leet of the said John Fownes Luttrell, Lord of the Manor of Minehead aforesaid; and that John Lyddon and John Jenkins were appointed Constables of the said Borough, at the Court Leet held for the said Manor and Borough, in the year 1800, and were also appointed Constables of the said Borough, at a Court Leet held for the said Manor and Borough, in the following year 1801, contrary to Law and to the form of the said Statute; and that they had no legal right to preside, and ought not to have presided,at the last election for the said Borough as returning Officers, and therefore the Petitioners submit to the House that the election ought to be declared void; and that the said John Lyddon and John Jenkins, pretending to be Returning Officers, but not being legally entitled to discharge the duties of the said office,did,in the discharge of the said duties so assumed by them, unwarrantably, partially, and illegally, conduct themselves in the fame, by taking partial advice from persons engaged in the interest of, and employed by, the said John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon; and did partially and illegally admit persons to vote for them whose votes ought to have been rejected, and did reject the votes of persons for the Petitioners whose votes ought to have been admitted; and did; in other respects, aft illegally, partially, and corruptly, in discharge of the duty they had illegally assumed as aforesaid; and that the said John Fownes Lui-trell and John Pattefon, previous to and during the poll upon the said last election, by themselves.and their agents, were ‘..11

guilty of bribery and corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt divers persons who claimed to have, or had 2 right to vote in the said election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as persons duly elected; And therefore praying the House to take the premises into confederation, and to give them relief therein, by declaring the said election to be void, and that the said John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon have rendered themselves incapable of representing the said Borough in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 23d day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

■ A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Hereford city unto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Hereford, Eleftion— was read; letting forth, That John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds, Esquires, having for some time previous to the day of Election for Members of this present Parliament for the City of Hereford,offered themselves as Candidates to represent the said City in this present Parliament, and having also, previous to the day of election for Members in. this present Parliament for the said City of Hereford, can-vaffed and solicited votes in order to their being returned Members in this present Parliament for the said City of Hereford, and that the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds being on the day of such election, began and held at the Town Hall in the said City of on the 6th day of July 1802, nominated as Members to represent the said City in this present. Parliament, did severally and respectively, by themselves, and their several and respective agents and managers, on their and each of their behalfs, and at their and each of their several and respective charges, at and during the said election of Members in this present Parliament for the said City of Hereford, and for some time previous to the fame, and after the teste of the Writ for the said election of Members of this present Parliament for the said City of Hereford, in violation and defiance of the Law and custom of Parliament, and of the Standing Order or Orders of the House, and also in defiance' and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom made for preventing charge and expences on eleftioire of Members to serve in Parliament, and also in defiance and . violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom for the more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament, give, present, and allow, to divers persons having votes in such election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainment, and make promises and agreements, obligations and engagements, to give and allow meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainment, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of such person and persons, in order to be elected, and that the said John Scudamore and Symonds

might be elected Members to serve in the said present Parliament for the said City of Hereford; and also did give money and other rewards by way of gift, and did agree and contract for money, gifts, and other rewards, to divers persons having votes in such election, to give their votes to and for them the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds at the said election; and also did by gifts, and by promises, agreements, and security for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons, having votes in such election, to give, their votes to them the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds at the said election, and that the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds thereby, and by various other ways and means, were guilty of bribery and corruption, and of treating at and during the said election, and previous to the fame, and after the teste of the Writ for the fame, and the said election of the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds wras therefore contrary to Law, and was and is, to all intents and purposes, actually null and void; and that, under the above stated circumstances, the Petitioners complain of the said election and return, and conceive themselves thereby highly aggrieved: And therefore praying, That the House will

take

London Election-Petition of Sir Watkin Lewc$.

44 Geo. III. 2$° Novembr 17

take the premises into confederation, and grant such relief therein as to the House shall seem meet, and as the circumstances of the case shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confederation upon Thursilay, the 23d day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ili'ue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the t'everal parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Watkin of the City of London,

Knight, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of London, which commenced on the tth day of July 1802, the Petitioner and Sir Jo/hi William Anderson, Baronet, and Sir William Curtis, Baronet, then William Curtis, El quire, and Harvey Christian Combe, and Charles Price, Benjamin

Travers, and William Lushington, Esquires, offered themselves Candidates to serve as Representatives in Parliament for the said City; and the said Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, Harvey Christian Combe, and Charles

Price,were returned as duly elected determined by Sir William Rawlins, Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, the Sheriff of, and Returning Officers for, the said City; but the conduct of the said Returning Officers in the said election was unfair and illegal in the manner after Rated, and it was by means of such unfair and illegal conduct of the said Returning Officers in the said election, that the said other Candidates bad an apparent and colourable majority against the Petitioner; and in case the said election had been fairly and legally conducted, and all such of the Liverymen of the said City entitled to vote in the said election, as were desirous of so doing, had had such opportunity of voting as in Law they were entitled to, the Petitioner would have had such a majority of the votes of the Eledors of the said City as would have entitled him, according to Law, to be returned to the House as a Member dulydeded to serve in this present Parliament for the said City; and that, when the Petitioner and the said other Candidates were nominated on the day aforesaid to serve for the said City, the Guildhall of the said City was greatly crouded with Liverymen of the said City, who wen. desirous to exercise their franchise of voting for Members to serve in this Parliament for the said City, and upon that occ.ifion there appeared on the shew of hands a very great and decisive majority in favour of the Petitioner, whereupon a poll was demanded by some of the other Candidates, and the said Returning Officers appointed such poll to commence at three o’clock of the fame Tuesday, and such poll actually commenced at half pad three o’clock of the fame Tuesday the 6th day of July 1802, and continued until half part, four o’clock of the fame day, and the books were then closed for that day; and that, upon commencing the said poll on the said 6th day of July, the said Returning Officer appointed seven poll-clerks to take the poll, and they duly proceeded to do so for that day: that the poll ' commenced again at nine o’clock in the mornings of W ed- -nesday the 7th of July, and of Thursday the 8th, and Friday the 9th of the lame July 1802, and closed on each of those days at the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon of the said respective days; and that during each of the said three days, the Returning Officer had there appointed fix poll-clerks, who attended and exercised the duty of their office in taking the votes of the Electors who voted, and during the whole period the poll was open on the said several days successively, the said poll-clerks were fully employed in taking the votes of the Eledors, and on each of the said days, many persons, who attended for the purpose of voting, were obliged to return home without exercising their franchise, because they the poll-clerks were employed in taking the votes of other Eledors; and that some person or persons, to the Petitioner unknown, did, in order to prevent the Petitioner from personally attending at the Huflings, and otherwise exerting himself in bringing forward the Liverymen of the City who were desirous of returning the Petitioner as their Representative to serve in the said Parliament, prevailed upon a man who had a legal demand on the Petitioner, (but which demand had shortly then before been settled by giving him a security for the

Vo 1. 59.

amount, to his own satisfaction) to cause the Petitioner to be arrested and detained in custody, and, by meins of the Petitioner’s absence during Friday the 9th ofjuly, the other Candidates had opportunities of bringing forward the Voters in their favour, and thereby at the dole of the poll on that day, the four persons who have been returned as Members to serve for the said City had a considerable majority over the Petitioner; and that at the dole of the poll on the said Friday the 9th of July, the Returning Officers made the usual proclamation for commencing the poll again on the following day,. Saturday the 10th of July, at the said hour of nine o’clock; and that, on the said Saturday the 10th of July, the poll was again opened at the said hour of nine o’clock, but the said Returning Officers, instead of appointing a competent number of poll-clerks to attend to take the poll, had only one poll-clerk attending to perform that duty; and during the two succeeding poll days, that is to say, Monday the 12th, and Tuesday the 13th of the fame July 1802, the Returning Officers did not appoint a competent number of poll-clerks to attend and take the poll, as in Law they were bound to have done, and on each of the said days one poll-clerk only was appointed, and attended to take the poll; and that during each of the said days of Saturday the 10th, and Monday the 12th, and Tuesday the 13th of July, a great body of Liverymen of the said City, whow'ere entitled by Law to vote for the return of Members to serve in this Parliament for the said City, attended at the Guildhall at and during the time of polling, for the purpose of exercising their said franchise of voting, and they were unable to give their votes by reason of the great crouds of other Electors who attended for the fame purpose, and for want of a competent number of poll-clerks to take the votes of the said Eledors who so attended, and by reason of such deficiency of poll-clerks, very many of such Eledors returned home on each day without having an opportunity of exercising their laid franchise, as they were desirous, and endeav ured to do; and that the said poll, instead of being condi.ded with that regularity and decency w'hich ought to have been, and would have been the case, if the Returning Officer had appointed and procured the attendance of a competent number of poll-clerks to take the votes of the Eledors, was, during great part of the said three days c f polling, a seene of disturbance and confusion, in which it was quite impossible for the one poll-clerk who attended to perform his duty, and the struggle of the Eledors who attended was so great, in their severally endeavouring to get up to the poll-book for the purpose of giving their votes, that many Eledors who had actually been sworn, and whole names and descriptions were entered in the poll-book preparatory to their votes being taken, according to Law, were forced away from the place of voting by the croud behind them before they had an opportunity of naming the Candidates for whom they voted, as by reference to the polbbook will appear; and that the body of Liverymen of the said City of London entitled to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City amounts to nearly ten thousand persons, and great part of that body who have not voted at the filid election would in fad have given their votes, and would have voted for the Petitioner, if a competent number of poll-clerks had been appointed, and had continued to ad in taking the poll during the time prescribed by Law for making the said election; and that not more than four thousand five hundred Liverymen have in fad voted; and that, according to the mode of taking the votes of the Eledors for the said City, one poll-clerk, fully and diligently employed during the whole time the poll was kept open, could not take the votes of more than three hundred Voters in one day; and that on Saturday the 10th of July, and on each of the succeeding days, when only one poll-clerk attended to take the votes, more than a thousand Eledors attended to give their votes, and endeavoured to do so, but a great number of them were unable to effect it, and returned home without voting; and that, by the means aforesaid, a great body of the Eledors of the said City, and much the major part of them, have been prevented from exercising their franchise in voting for Members to be returned to serve for the said City in this Parliament; and that the great body of the Eledors who have been so prevented and disabled from

E’ voting

Coventry Election— Petition of Ek&ore.

18 . 28* Novembris . 1803.

voting are Electors who were desirous of returning the Petitioner as one of their Representatives for the said City; and, in case the taking the poll had been so conduced as to give to all such of the Electors as were desirous of voting for the return of Members for the said City such opportunity and means of doing so, as they in Law were entitled to, the Petitioner would have had a decided majority over several of the Candidates; and that during the time when the said poll was open, several Electors attended, and desired to poll for the Petitioner, but were told by one Edward Kemble, who attended the hustings as a friend to one

of the other Candidates, and by Mr. , who

acted as Secondary or under Sheriff, that the election was all over, and that the other Candidates had a decided majority j and the Petitioner, by the aforesaid circumstance, being absent, and by that means prevented from contradicting the said assertion, the said Electors were thereby deceived and mifled, and did not give their votes, but such information was false, in as much as not one-third part of the Liverymen entitled to vote had in sect voted, and a considerable time remained during which the election ought, according to Law, to have continued, as required by the Petitioner; the Petitioner therefore submits to the House, that the apparent majority upon which the before-named persons have been returned to serve as Members for the said City in the present Parliament, ought not to be conli-dered as a return made upon the votes of the majority of the Liverymen of the said City entitled to vote for Members to serve for the said City in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give such Orders touching the premises as shall be right, and according to the rules of the House, so that a proper return may be made of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera* tion upon Tuesday, the 28th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Ward Thomas Latham,

James Whittem, William Johnson, Joseph Lant, John Smith, Nathaniel Merridew, Richard Marriott, Samuel Lightbourn, and William Perkins, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are ten of the Electors of the City of Coventry; and that at the lad Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, Peter Moore, Esquire, and George Frederick Stratton, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said City; and that the said Peter Moore, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, did, after the teste of the Writ of the said election, and during the said election, and before his election to serve in the present Parliament for the said City of Coventry, give, present, and allow, to divers persons having votes in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provisions, and did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profits, and preferment of such persons, in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry; and that the said Peter Moore, before the said election, and at and during the same, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others, in his behalf, was guilty of bribery and corruption, and corrupt practices, in order to his being elected a Member at the said election to serve in the present Parliament for the said City of Coventry; and that the said Peter Moore, before the said election, and at and ' during the fame, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others employed by him on his behalf, did, by gifts* and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons to give their votes on the said election for him the said Peter Moore, and to forbear to give their votes for the said George Frederick Stratton-, all which unlawful and corrupt practices of the said Peter Moore were con-5

trary to the freedom of election, to the Standing Orders of the House, and to an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An " - Act for preventing Charge and Expence in elections of " Members to serve in Parliament," and have rendered the said election and return of the said Peter Moore, totally null and void; and that divers other Electors for the said City, who would have voted for the said George Frederick Stratton to have represented the said City in the present Parliament, were prevented from so doing by means of tumults, riotings, threats and intimidations, made and caused by the said Peter Moore, his agents, friends, and managers, during the said election; and that the said Peter Moore was not possessed of such an estate in law of equity, in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as is sufficient to qualify him to serve in Parliament as a Citizen for the said City at the time during the said election, when he was called upon by the Sheriffs of the said City (in pursuance of a demand in writing to them made for that purpose by two of the Electors of the said City) to verify such qualification upon oath; nor was the said Peter Moore, at the time of his said election, nor at the time of his return as such Citizen as aforesaid, nor when he took his feat, possessed of such an estate as would qualify him to be elected and fit as a Member of Parliament; and that (ub-sequent to the said Peter Moore's being called upon by the Sheriffs of the said City to verify upon oath his qualification to be returned and fit as a Member of Parliament for the said City, a majority of legal votes polled in favour of the said George Frederick Stratton; and that the said Peter Moore, his agents and friends, did, during the said election* at certain places in the said City, called the Freeschool and County Hall, (in which places Commissioners appointed according to the Statutes in that case made and provided by the Returning Officer of the said City, to administer to the Electors of the said City the oaths required by divers Acts of Parliament, to be taken by them previous to their voting in the election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, set for the purpose of administering such oaths) assemble in a riotous and tumultuous manner, and when so assembled, did, in a riotous, tumultuous, outrageous, and violent manner, and by force, obstruct and hinder certain of the Electors of the find City, in the interest of the said George Frederick Stratton, from taking such oaths, in violation of the freedom of election; and that the said Peter Moore, his agpnts and friends, did also assemble in a riotous and tumultuous manner during the said election, in the front of and around the booth erected by the order of the Sheriffs of the said City, for the purpose of taking thereat the votes of the Electors of the said City, and when so assembled, did riotously, tumultuoully, and violently obstruct and hinder certain of the Electors of the said City, in the interest of the said George Frederick Stratton, from giving their votes for the said George Frederick Stratton -, and did also, in a riotous, tumultuous and violent manner, during the said election, beat, wound, illtreat, and (trip certain of the Electors of the said City on their return from the said booth after giving their votes for the said George Frederick Stratton, in violation of the freedom of election; and that the said Peter Moore, his agents and friends, did, during the said election, in violation of the freedom of election, assemble in a riotous, tumultuous, and violent manner, in many parts of the said City, and particularly in Crojfcheapittg in the said City, and did violently, tu-multuously, and riotously break down and destroy certain rails placed up by order of the said Sheriffs in the front of the said booth, for the more easy access of the Electors of the said City to the said booth to give their votes in the said election; and did violently assault, abuse, illtreat, and threaten the said George Frederick Stratton, and several of his friends, and did also violently assault, beat, wound, and illtreat the Magistrates, constables, and other peace officers of the said City, legally acting in the execution of their office, and for the purpose of preserving and keeping the peace, and giving the Electors of the said City an opportunity of exercising their franchise; and that during the said election divers other mobs assembled, and divers other tumults, riots, and disturbances took place, by which the poll was obstructed, and well disposed and quiet Electors of the said City intimidated from voting at the said election; and that by thefcand other illegal means the said Peter Moore

Stirling County Election-4* Petition of Sir Robert Abeicrombyi

44 Geo. III.

28® Novembris.

19

did procure himself to be returned as a Citizen to serve in' Parliament for the said City: And therefore praying the House to take their case into consideration, and to grant l'uch relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th day of February next, at half an hour after three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necesiary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of General Sir Robert Abercromby, of Airthrey, Knight of the Order of the Bath, was read; setting forth. That, at the Election of a Rcpn.fentri.tive for the County of Stirling, held at Stirling upon the 19th day of July, 1802, the Petitioner and the honourable Charles Fleming, Captain in the Royal Navy, were Candidates; and that, at the said meeting, the said Charles Fleeming claimed to be inrolled in the roll of Freeholders of the said County of Stirling as apparent heir of the deceased Lady Clementina Fleeming, his Grandmother, in certain Lands lying within the County of Stirling, and also as being heritably infeft and seised in the Lands of Easter Glenboig, alias Endboig,with the Mill, Mill Lands, aftrfeted Multures, and Office of Coroner for the County of;

and, for proving the facts stated in his claim, he produced fluidry deeds and writings to the said meeting of Freeholders; and his claim prayed, that, in respect of his being apparent heir to his grandmother, the aforesaid Lady Clementina Fleeming, and that the Lands of Easter Glenboig, alias Endboig, and other subjects, were retoured prior to the 16th September, i68r, at five merks Scots of old extent, the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming was fully qualified to be inrolled in the roll of Freeholders of the said Shire of Stirling, and ought to be inrolled accordingly; and that, to this claim, and the inrolling of the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of,

it was objected by some of the Freeholders present, and the Petitioner now objects, i"°, Thsft the claimant was not the apparent heir of Lady Clementina Fleeming his grandmother, and particularly could not be so in the Lands of Gairth, and others on which he claimed to be ihrolled as a Freeholder in the said County, for that these Lands did not belong, or were not proved to. have belonged, to the said Lady Clementina Fleeming at the time of her death; and that, though they had then belonged to her, the character of apparent heir to her in the said Lands could only attach upon, and belong to, the Right honourable John Lord Elphinftone,the claimant’s eldest brother; z<0. That the retour referred to in the said claim, and produced to the meeting of Freeholders, did not afford sufficient legal evidence of the separate old extent of the Lands of Easter Glenboig, Mill, Mill Lands, and aftridted Multures, exclu-fively of the Office of Coroner, or Crownarie of the said Shire of Stirling; and that, notwithstanding these objections, a majority of the Freeholders present at the said meeting, determined that the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming ought to be enrolled as a Freeholder of the said County at Stirling, and his name was accordingly added to the roll of Freeholders of the said Shire; and that, in the subsequent proceedings of the said meeting, held on the aforesaid 19th of July, 1802, the Petitioner and the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming were the only Candidates for representing the said County of Stirling in Parliament; and that, previous to the roll being called, or the vote put for the election of the Member, or Commissioner for the said Shire, one of the Freeholders present entered a caveat, or protest, Rating and repeating the objections to the said Captain Charles Elphinstone Fleeming's(landing on the roll, or being admitted to vote as a Freeholder in the election of the Member, or Representative, for the said County; and further dating and objecting, that the said Captain Charles Elphinstone Fleeming was, by Law, incapable to be elected to represent the said Shire in Parliament; and that all the votes which should be be given in his favour should be held to be null and void, and considered as thrown away, as * having been given in favour of a person who was by Law ineligible for the reasons before assigned; and that, notwithstanding the above objections against the Cud Captain Vo l. 59.

Charles Elphinstone Fleeming (landing on the roll, or being admitted to vote as a Freeholder, and against his being capable to be elected the Representative to serve the said County in Parliament, a number of the Freeholders present did vote for the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming, and the other Freeholders present, having voted for the Petitioner, the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming was declared to be elected, and has been returned as the Representative for the County of Stirling to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioner is advised, and humbly conceives, that the proceedings of the aforesaid meeting of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling, held upon the 19th of July, 1802, were illegal and unconstitutional, first, by inrolling the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of Stirling, and afterwards in electing him to be the Representative in Parliament for the said Shire; and that the Returning Officer did wrong, and acted unwarrantably and unconditionally, by returning him the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming as the person duly and legally elected to serve in the present Parliament for the said County of Stirling; and the Petitioner humbly conceives, and contends, that he was the ly person who, at the meeting aforesaid, was duly and lawfully elected the Representative of the said County of Stirling to serve in this present Parliament, and that he ought to have been returned accordingly, agreeably to a protest, or requisition, made and entered in the minutes of the Meeting by several of the Freeholders who voted for him; and that the election and return of the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming was procured and obtained by the means above stated, and by other illegal, unwarrantable, and unconstitutional means and proceedings, to the great prejudice and injury of tho Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their consideration, and to resolve and declare that the majority of the Freeholders of the said County oF Stirling, at the aforesaid meeting held on the 19th of July 1802, did wrong, first by inrolling the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of Stirling, and afterwards in electing him to be the Representative in this present Parliament for the said County of Stirling, and that the Returning Officer did wrong, and acted illegally and unconftitutionally, in returning him the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming as the Representative duly elected for the said County of Stirling in the present Parliament; and to resolve and declare that, at the aforesaid meeting, the Petitioner was the only person who was duly and legally elected the Member or Representative to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Stirling, and ought to have been returned accordingly; and to give the Petitioner such other and further relief or redrefe as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the 1 ft day of March next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of James Bruce, of Kinnaird, Esquire, and of petition of Harry Davidson, Writer to the Signet, both Freeholders in Freeholder*,

the County of Stirling, was also read; setting forth, That at the late Election of a Representative for the County of Stirling in the present Parliament, held at Stirling on the 19th day of July 1802, Sir Robert Abercromby of Airthrey,

Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, and the honourableCharles Elphinftone Fleeming, Captain in the Royal Navy, were the only Candidates; and that the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming, who previous to the day of-elcction was not a Freeholder, entitled to vote for or to be elected Representative in Parliament for the said County of ,. produced certain titles, by virtue of which he claimed to be enrolled a Freeholder, as apparent heir of his grand-- mother Lady Clementina Fleeming, deceased, in certain Lands lying within the said County of Stirling-, and also, as being heritably infeft and seised in the Lands of Easter Glenboig, alias Endboig, with the Mill, Mill Lands, and aftridted Multures, and Office cf Coroner of the County of Stirling; that although the said titles produced by the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming in support of his claim of inrolment were, and were then stated to be, by Law infus-ficient to entitle him to be placed on the roll of Freeholders of the said County, yet the majority of the meeting then present, illegally, unwarrantably, and unjustly, placed him upon the ^oll, and as fuifh pretended to entitle him to

vote

Little

Hutklovv Inclosure Bill, prciented.

Pengate and Latchett's Bridge Roads Petition.

20 28°-—2 9 . 1803.

Vote for, or be elected, Representative of the said County in Parliament—That, in the subsequent proceedings at the said meeting of election, the said Charles Elphinjtone ming was, by the said majority of Freeholders, elected Representative or Commissioner to reprelent the said County in Parliament, although he was thus illegally, unwarrantably and unjustly, placed upon the roll, and was incapable of Voting for, or of being elected, Representative for the said County in Parliament; and, although the said Sir Robert Abercrotnby was the only Candidate at the said election legally intitled to be elected such Representative—That the Returning Officer has also returned the said Charles phinflone Fleeming to be the Commissioner or Representative of the said County in Parliament, although the said Sir Robert Abercromby was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Representative or Commissioner for the said County—That such return of the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming was procured and obtained by the means above Hated, and by other corrupt, illegal, unwarrantable, and unconstitutional means and proceedings, to the great prejudice of the Petitiraers: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to resolve and declare, that the said Charles Elphinftone Fleeming was illegally, unwarrantably, and unjustly inrolled a Freeholder of the said County, in manner aforesaid; that he was unduly and illegally elected Member and Representative for the said Shire in this present Parliament, and that the said Sir Robert Abercromby was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Representative or Commissioner in Parliament of the said County of or to grant the

Petitioners such other relief in the premises as to the House may fee m just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

enlarged: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Mr. God-

dard, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

' Mr. Hurst reported from the Committee appointed to Report enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and who were instrufted to enquire what temporary Laws of a public and general nature which have been made by the Parliaments of England, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in force; distinguishing the matter of each such Statute, its date, title, and period of continuance; and also what Laws of such a description passed by the English, British, lrish, or United Parliaments, have expired, between the 16th day of November 1802 (the first day of the Session 43 Geo. III.) and the 22d day of November 1803 (the first day of the present Session); distinguishing to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and also what Laws of such a description are about to expire at the end of the present Session, or before the 31ft day of July 1805, or in the course, or at the end, of any Session which may commence during that period, or in consequence of any contingent event; distinguishing in like manner to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate, and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendik thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report and Appendix are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Quantity of Strong Beer, Table Beer, and r>urged Small Beer, charged with Duty in this Kingdom* from ordered.* 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

Martis, 29° die Novembris;

Anno 44* Georgii IIItrt Regis, 1803. Prayers.

MR. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Lands, in the Township and Manor of Little Hucklow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the 9th year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchett's Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find that the said Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, and kept in repair, and the money now due be repaid, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and the powers thereof altered, amended, and

A Bill to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Seamen*. Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Process, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Steele reported to the House, That their Address of Answer t» Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to Addrefu give directions, that the Estimates and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

1

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the King’s Benck King’s Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; p^?1-* complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. fames Adams presented to the House, pursuant to Estimates their Address to His Majesty, presented:

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Ordinary of year x 804; And also.

Navy.

An

D . ized by

44 Geo. III.

2 9°—30° Novemhris.

21

Buil<lings,&c. ©i Ship*.

Appendix*

(No. i.)

Time limited for receiving Petitions.

Debate on

Motion

re 1 petting Mr.

Ptdley,

adjourned.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra ■works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the year 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Eftl-mates, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Refohed, That this House will not receive any Petitions for Private Bills after the 24th day of February next.

The House being informed that Mr. , one of the Members of the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir John of the City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining ot an

undue Election and Return for the said City, having

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Maiming reported from the Committee, to whom London Dock

Dock Com- £°Xnn>'s on behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of reported.

the Petition of several Directors of the London pany, on behalf of themselves and the other I the said Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the l louie, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Hates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was.read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and private affairs of a very urgent nature, which made it indil- Revenue, within the Port of was read: And,

penfable that he should proceed for a few months to the Secretary to the Company, being

llland of Jamaica, for which purpose he had long since taken examined, laid, That considerable progrels has been made his passage on board one of the vessels of the fleet now in carrying on the works directed by the said Act, and assembling at Ponfmouth; and having received a letter making the purchales which by the said Act were autho-stating the ship to be ready, and recommending his going rizedto be made; but, from the great advance in the price down there immediately, was delirous of obtaining leave of materials and labour, and other unforeseen circumstances.

from the House toabient himleif from any further attendance on the said Committee;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 10th year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns ot Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

And the matter so alledged being taken down in writing, the said Mr. Pedley was sworn at the Table to the truth thereof.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Mr. Pedley have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Novembris,

Anno 440 Georgii III‘n Regis, 1803.

Mr. Speaker informs the House that certain Election Petitions had not been renewed.

Prayers.

R. Speaker informed the House, That the Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for

it is found that the said Act cannot be carried into complete execution, without the Company being empowered to raise a further sum of money, over and above the several sums of money which they are authorized to raise by virtue of the said Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And that Mr. Manning, Mr. Alderman Price,

Sir William Young, and Mr. Devaynes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the several Acts, made in Englifo Bank the 37th, 38th, and 42d years of His present Majesty, and *c.‘fria‘on . in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the Restrictions B ’°r er* ’ on Payments of Calli by the Bank, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the Restrictions contained in the said Acts on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Nicholas

Jittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of

M

the Borough of Kingston upon Hull; and also the Petition count of the Amount of Notes of the Bank of England in ":*nk ^ote*» complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Bo- circulation on the ill of June, the ill of August, the id orde rough of Leonunfler; and also the Petition complaining of of October, and the 25th of November 1803; distinguishing

an undue Election and Return for the Borough of bury; and also the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bojion, which Petitions were depending before the House at the end of the last Session of Parliament, had not been renewed in the present Session; and that in pursuance of an Act, made in the 28th year of His present Majesty, he had certified into the Court of Exchequer the recognizances entered into in respect of the said several Petitions, and had also certified the default which had been made in the performance of the condition of the said recognizances.

General Bertie presented to the House, according to fnciofure Bill, Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish

the Amount of those Pounds.

that were below the value of Fiv<

Fnlbeck

pjclented.

Taft India Bonds Bill, •rdwc d.

of Fulbeck, in the County of Land for making compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with respect to the rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon: And that Lord Viscount Cajilereagh, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Debate on adjourned Debate on the Motion made yesterday. That Mr. Pedley, one of the Members of the Select Committee, Mr. Pedley appointed to try and determine the merits of the Election resumed* for the City of Waterford, have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put. That the said Mr. Pedley have leave to absent himleif from any further attendance on the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr‘ Devere11’ tellers for the leas,jMr Burland:

Tellers for the Noes £Mr* Attorney General, tellers for the JNoes,j Mr Dmda$

So it passed in the Negative.

45*

The

22 30* Novembris—1° Deccmbns. . 1803.

Committee of The House, according to Order* resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House* to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

"Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions * which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this.House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Iftimates Ordered, That an Estimate of the Money that will be ordered; wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transport s, between Hire of the lft of January and the 31 ft of December 1804, be laid "I. before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Monies that will be

to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hilliard and Mr. Annefey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Wil/iam Scott presented to the House, according to Curates Order, a Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary R^5115tenc* Curates on their Cures: And the lame was received; and presented. read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. John Smyth reported to the House, That their Ad- Attfwert® dress of yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously A*ldrd* pleased to give directions, that the Estimates therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Prifcmer* of wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, be-ar* tween the ift of January and the 31st of December 1804,

be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for thirteen lunar months, commencing the 1 ft of January 1804, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 1° die Decembris;

Anno 44* Georgii III'" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

s.try A PETITIONof several persons interested in the Open Tndofure Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Lands,

etition. pen Grounds, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree,otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of

Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present state, incapable of any considerable improvement, but if divided and inclosed, and provision made for draining the said Marsh Lands and Fen Grounds, the fame might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the.prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Annefcy, Lord Frederick Montagu, and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Curares Residence JBiU, ordered.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures: And that Sir William Scott, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Advocate General, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rifeiip A Petition of several Owners of Estates, Lands, and

Inclosure Grounds, within the Parish of alias Rife/ip, in the

Petition. County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present state, are incapable of any considerable improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, considerable benefit would accrue

Sir Philip Stephens presented to the House, pursuant to Estimates their Address to His Majesty, presentedt

An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Transporti, Transport Service, and the maintenance of Prisoners of

War, in Health, at home and abroad, from the 1 ft January to the 31st December 1804: And also.

An Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted sick Prisonew for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, in the year 1804. ot War* And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to (No. 1.) this Volume.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Report, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred SuPPJY* to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; vit.

Resolved, T\\2it it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seamen.

One hundred thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the year 1804, including Twenty-two thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wage* a sum not exceeding Two millions Four hundred and Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages of the said One hundred thousand Men, for thirteen lunar months, at the rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Victuals, a sum not exceeding Two millions Four hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One hundred thousand Men, for thirteen lunar months, at the rate ol One Pound Eighteen Shillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wear and a sum, not exceeding Three millions Nine hundred thou- Tearof!»ll, P*i. sand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One hundred thousand Men are to serve, for thirteen lunar months, at the rate of three Pounds per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ordnance foe a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said One hundred thousand Men are to serve, for thirteen lunar months, at the rate of Five Shillings per man per month.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Committee of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of and Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His appointed. Majesty.

Ordered,

r "3

44 Geo. III.

1° DeCanbriSi

23

Account of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

Temporary Belief to Curates, to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Exchequer Bills outstanding oh the ift day of December 1802, and the iftday of December 1803, respectively.

A Motion being made. That this House will. To morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

" reign of His present Majesty, relating to the admission " of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and 44 to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and " for making other pravisions in lieu thereof, to continue " until the ift day of January 1804," *s near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

1

lice

lei

fee considered. consider of the expediency of affording temporary relief to an made in the 37th year of the reign of His present such Curates as ninv he denrived of their cures determined by the one- IV/tni^Air u An Act to fnfnpnd fnr n 1* mi

East India Bonds Bill, prdented.

Report,

Expiring

Laws.

such Curates as may be deprived of their cures by the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for promoting the residence of the Clergy;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by H;s Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lord Viscount Cafllereagh presented to the House, according toOrder, a Bill to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with relpedl to the rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

En^lish Bank Rdiri^tion Bill, prtknted.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the Committee, being severally read a the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the 37th, postponed

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited " time, the operation of two Acts, of the fifteenth and " seventeenth years of the reign of His present Majesty, " for restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes and " Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited lum, within " that part of Great Britain called ," which was to

continue in force until the ift day of May next, which said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, been amended and continued until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the present Scffi&n of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Boun-" ties on the exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for 44 allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thou- fend eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and " Bounties instead thereof," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The first, second, third, fourth, and sixth Resolutions of

second time, were

38th, 42d, and 43d years of the reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cacti by the Bank of England: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobkoufe reported ,from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of

The fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution, now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Nicholas Vanfittarand Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent p3®*?’* the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and biu*wn others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Process.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

Corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments 4‘ provision, without payment of Duty, to continue in force thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when * until six weeks after the commencement of the next the House will please to receive the same.

" Session of Parliament," which was continued, by an Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Act of the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, and amended and further continued by several A Petition of the several Merchants and other Inhabi- Liverpool subsequent Acts, until the ift day of January 1804, is tants of the Town of Liverpool, whose names are thereuhto Defence near expiring, and fit to be continued. subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House; Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act to empower His. Majesty to having been informed of the contents of the said Petition,

" regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle gives His consent, that the House may do therein as they " of Malta until the signing of a Definitive Treaty of shall think fit.

44 Peace, and from thence until six weeks after the next Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting * meeting of Parliament, and to declare the Isle of Malta forth, That, from the representation of the Commanding 44 to be partef Europe," which, by an Act, made in the Officer, and the other Military and Naval Officers, attached last Session of Parliament, was continued until the iftday to the North-weft District, and from the personal know-of January 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.. ledge of the Petitioners, the Town and Port ot Liverpool is Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in a very defenceless state towards repelling any attack of the -an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Enemy, and that it is highly necessary and expedient, for the " An Act for discontinufng certain Drawbacks and Boun- fefety and protection of the said Town and Port, that Float- ties on the exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and ing Batteries and Gun-boats, and other suitable works of 44 for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu defence, should be provided, and stationed at the mouth 44 thereof, until the 15th day of January 1804," is near of the Port and Harbour, and erected on the opposite and expiring, and fit to be continued. neighbouring Coasts; and that the Mayor, Bailiffs, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Burgesses of the said Town, in their general Corporate ca-an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present pacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing several Acts, Council, of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks, have " made in the 35th, 36th; and 39th and 40th years of the proceeded to erect Batteries and other works of Defence,

VO L. 59.

in

Account of Bank Notes presented.

jtpttftdlXy

(No. 3.:

Curates

Residence

Bill,

committed.

Considered.

Reported*

24

1°—2 ’ Deccmbris. A. 1803.

in part of the general undertaking, at their own expence, and the Merchants, Ship Owners, and other Inhabitants of the said Town, at a public meeting convened for the purpose, testified their acquiescence in the proposed measure, and signified their desire of contributing their proportions towards defraying the expences to be incurred in the further erection of the other necessary works of Defence, and in consequence thereof subscribed very considerable furns of Money, by way' of Loan and Donation, for the purpose of carrying the said plan into efifed: •, and that the Petitioners are, however, aware of the impracticability of carrying the lame completely into effect without the assistance of Parliament, to enable them to lay a general Rate upon the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, their Shipping, and Property, towards reimbursing the several Turns subscribed for by way of Loan, and defraying the other expences to be incurred; and that the Petitioners, fully aware of the urgent necessityof the gjr^posed plan of defence, under the lanftion and advice of His Majesty’s Military and Naval Officers, and relying upon the assistance and aid of Parliament in every’ respect, towards repelling the avowed attack of the Enemy, pray that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the purposes required, under such regulations and restrictions as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. D, Mr. Blackburne of Lan-cashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Walton (from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Notes of the Bank of England in circulation on the ift of June, the ift of August, the ift of October, and the 25th of November 1803; distinguishing the Amount of those that were below the value of Five Pounds.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their cures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Ward took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Ward reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Robert Ward accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re-6

port to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afte.wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next. j

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for;

the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the s«men’$

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- Defeition vent the Desertion and Elcapeof Petty Officers, Seamen, Blll» rcPorte<1* and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Procels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gross’ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day’, for the House to Committeeo» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Temporary consider of the expediency of affording temporary relief to curates such Curates as may be deprived of their cures by the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Clergy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.-

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they ' had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him tu report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Englirti Bank reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, 3^10,1

the Restrictions contained in several Acts, made in the committed, 37th, 38th, 42d, and 43d years of the reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committeeof resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways and consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted Means’ to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Air. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Eiumates to their Address to His Majesty, presenteth

Estimate

44? Geo. III. 2° Decenibris2

Guards and Ciarriicns.

Force# in the

1; nf;

&c.

*J . ner.i’ nnd O. beers.

Particulars of D\

Troops in East India.

Recniiting for J>>.

Recruiting, c-:c. for La;J Forcer.

Embodied Militia, ccc.

Clothing for

Contingencies for Militia, &c.

Volunteer

Corps*

Appendix*

(No. 4.)

tftimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from the 25th December 1803 to die 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: Anti also,

Klhimaie of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, and in New South Wales, from the 25th

December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 23th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804. both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of the " General and Stall Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, " serving with the Forces in that part of the United " Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December " 1S03 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being " 366 days."

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the purpose ot recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 23th December 1803 to the 24th

December 1804, both inclusive, being 366days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and ■Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the 25th of December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Eftitrfate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Voluhteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Together with an Abstract and Schedule of the said Efti mates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The laid Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

In(h suspeacd The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last IrdCTed Bill’ Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the * CTC ' " Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors

" of Ireland,to apprehend and detain such persons as he " or they 111 all suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's " Person and Government, until six weeks after the com-. " mencement of the next Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Torke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cnftlereagh, Mr Mr. Attorney Ge-

neral, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, . the lame.

Jrjfb.Rebellion The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last

ordered*. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the sup-" predion of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection

You. 59,

« of the persons and property of His Majesty’s faithful " Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after " the commencement of the next Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Torke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Corry, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief " Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and " detain such persons as he or they shall suspect, for con-" spiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, " until six weeks after the commencement of the next " Session of Parliament:" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the suppression of Rebellion in and for the protection of the persons and property of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in force " until six weeks alter the commencement of the next " Session of ParliamentAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council, of the 2d day of March 1797, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to amend and continue the said Act, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 37th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and.continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland: And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Torke, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Poll: Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ill of January, April, June, and September 1797, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Poll Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ill of April, May, and June 1801, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ift of June, August, October, and December 1802, and the ift of February 1803, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ift of January, April, August, and October 1803, respectively; distinguishing the Amount

H of

Irish suspected Persons Bill, presented.

Irish Rebelliori

Bill,

presented.

Irish Bank Restriction Bill, ordered.

Accounts of Irish Bank Notes, ordered.

26 2°—3* D . 1863-

of the several descriptions of Notes that were below the value of Five Guineas.

Committee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Suppiy. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Eref"rred- Cder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordinary of Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy. Navy, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Buildings, Ordered, That an-Estimate of the Charge of what may &c. of Ships, be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they-had Come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole Houi'e, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

second, third, fourth, and sixth Resolutions, which were yesterday reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near, expiring, ard to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, ormade perpetual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to revive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-more>w.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 3° die Dec

Anno 440 Georgii IIlt,i Regis, 1 803. '

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing Lands in the Town- L-ttlr

ship and Manor of Little Huchlo in the Parish of HurkW Hope, in the County of Derby, was read a second time. inciofure Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, comm,tte Lord George Augv.flus Henry Cavendish,&c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Motion for a The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Ki'" i-orttfVl Session of Parliament, to permit Portugal Wine to be 1U\vine, 61 landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without referred to a payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited

Committee. *. 1 .,

time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That leave be given to bring in a Bill-to amend the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Indemnity Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to in-Biii, ordered.’. demnify such Berfpns in Great Britain as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and Justices of the Peace, or others, in Great Britain, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them further time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Hobhouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Estimate of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti-Barrack mate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the r partments, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the ©raere . 25 th of December 1803 to the 24th of December 1804,

both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House the said Estimate.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole certain House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the first,

Expiring

taw$.

"Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Reporten Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred cert:!>n to consider of the Acts mentioned in the first, second, Laws?"5 third, fourth, and sixth Resolutions, which upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them arc fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the " Importation ot Corn, and for allowing the Importation * of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty,

" to continue in force until six weeks after the comtnence-" ment of the next Session of Parliament," which was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and amended, and further continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the lft day of January 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing of a Definitive " Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six weeks after the next meeting of Parliament, and to declare the Isle " of Malta to be part of Europe," which by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the ift day of January 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and " Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain,

" and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu " thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand " eight hundred and four," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 4id year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing several " Acts made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty—

* ninth and fortieth years of the Reign of His present Ma-

" jtfty.

44 Geo. III. 3° Decembris.

St

" jesty, renting to the admission of certain articles of Mer-" chnndize in Neutral S; p\ and to the issuing of Orders " in Council for ih 1 purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first day of " January one thousand eight hundred and four," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refo'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinvring certain Drawbacks and " Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one " thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and " Bounties instead thereof," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

inftnifHcm. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the fifth of the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and which was then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the first, second, and fourth of the Resolutions, now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hob house, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in,

; the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Ni-

cholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' Proclamation Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, -by His in Ireland, Majesty’s command,

prcicnted. Copy of a Proclamation by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting Distillation from Oats and Oatmeal, issued the 12th day of October 1803.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the

Table.

The said Proclamation is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report on Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported'from the llak^to^ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Curate*? to consider of the expediency of affording temporary relief to such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament for promoting the residence of the Clergy; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the present relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the residence of Incumbents, which may take place in consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for promoting the residence of the Parochial Clergy.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Scott, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SantPancm A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Popr Poor, and other Inhabitants and Householders of the Parish , Peut>on. of gajnt Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, assembled j in Vestry, and of other Inhabitant Householders, whose

j names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth. That the said Parish is very large and populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are very numerous, insomuch that the providing for the said Poor, and the management and employment of them; are become too burdensome for the office of Overseers of Vot. 59.

the Poor of the said Parish, which would be tetter dise charged with the assistance of others participating in the powers and functions of the said office, and turn ing, together with the faicL Overseers for the time being, one united and fcleft body of Director for die governing* maintaining, and employing, flic Gift Poor, under pioper rules and regulations to be established j and that the pie-sent Workhouse of the said Parish is >n many parts decayed, and, 4with the buildings cr.dted in addition thereto, is in all respects insufficient for the acccr'.modrrion and proper employment of the Poor of the said Prill', requiring to be supported therein; and that it would tend to the better relief and accommodation of the said Poor, if a-convenient building for their reception and en h-vment were provided, by erecting a new YY orkhouse, eitlu . where the present Workhouse Hands, with an enlargement of that feite of ground, by the purchase of additional grounds adjoining thereto, or in lorne other convenient situation within the said Parish, by the purchase of other grounds or buildings which may appear suitable to the above purposes; and that it would also tend to render moreproductive the Poor Rates or Assessments of the said Parish, if powers were given to appoint Collect ors of the said Rates or Assessments, with an allowance of a reasonable poundage for their trouble in collecting the fame: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis B Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Rtport Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred anoMean*. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, vr-i*.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 43d year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have continuance to the 24th day of June 1804, be k’tther continued, and ckr- upon -ft Malt which shall be made, and upon all ivium which fiiaii be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which mall ! e made for sale within Great Britain, from the 23d day of June 1804 to the 24th day of June 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pensions, That, towards railing the Supply g.anted to His Majesty, the sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the space of one year, from the 25* a day of March 1804, upon Pensions, Offices, and Personal ' ates, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, Sugar, Malt,

the several Duties imposed on Sugar by riiree Acts, nude

in the 27th, 34th,'and 37th years of the Reign of His present Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the 27th

year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the

29th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which, by

an Act, made in the 43d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, have continuance until the 25th day of March

1804, be further continued until the 25th day of March

1805-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, g^she<lwr the sum of Five Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

3° Deccmbrisi A. 1803.

Report

Supply.

Ordinary of N.ivy.

Buildings, kc- of Ships.

Report

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, Tlvat a Bill be brought in upon the fuss of the said liefolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr.

Brodrick, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General* Mr. Nicholas Vauf.ttart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second and third of the said liefolutions: And that Mr. Hobkoufe, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr.

Bond, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobkoufe, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr

Brodrick, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobkoufe, according to Order, reported frotn the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as followed); viz.

Refohed, That -it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One million and Twenty thousand Six hundred and seventy Pounds nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred forty-eight thousand Five hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in. His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the year 1S04.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobkoufe reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft; year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling

" the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, so as

" such prohibition shall not endure beyond the expiration

" of six weeks from the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Inland of

" Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and

" to permit, for such limited time, the Importation into

" Ireland, of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever,

" without payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such

" persons as have acted for the service of the Public, in ad-

" vifing, or carrying into execution, certain Proclamations

" of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of as

# . 7

enables the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland, ot Corn or Potatoes, and of ail Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without payment of Duty, which was continued by two Acts, passed in the 4ad and 4.3d years of His present Majesty’s Reign, until the 1 ft day or January 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, 'That this House will, upon Monday next,

7

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Ad mentioned in the said Rvioiution.

Mr. Nicholas Vav.fittart presented to the House, accord- In lemn'ty ing to Order, a Bill to indemnify Inch Persons in Great fe11’ Britain as have omitted to qualify their.selves for Offices 1 1

and Employments; and Justices of the Peace, or others, in Great Britain, who have omitted to regiltcr or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain, whole admiifions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or milla.d, and for allowing them further time to provide admiifions duly stamped; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have onmted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant »felt(l to to the last of the Resolutions which, upon Thurstiny iaft, Kxwi'n^ "■ were reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire Laws Bui. fe what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and whfeh was

then agreed to by the House.

Mr. Corry presented to the House. according to Order, in<h B.-nk ]

a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Ac:, made 1

in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37U1 yo u <.1 il.c Reign predated: of His present Majeny, for confirming ami c> -ui miing the llestrictions on Payments in omn fie ’he i -.nk, e< Ireland:

And the lame was received; and mad ’he lint time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a f c- ,1: lime. fe j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a fecund time upon fej

Monday next. U j.

The House, according to Order, ref deed itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the llefti i fiions contained in le- inii. veral Acts, made in the 37th, 38th, 42d, and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calii by the Bank of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next. >,

k

1

1

t

1

ti

n

1

The other Order of the day being.read;

The House resolved itself into a Commirtee of the whole Committee on u House, to consider of the Motion, made yesterday, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in Portugal1’'1'1* the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Wind

" permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in 1;]

" the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under " certain Restrictions, for a limited time." f

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. C

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee. D

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ct

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. of

Ordered, That the Report be npw received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Com- Report-ds ia mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That leave be given 10 bring in a Bill to amend 5

an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, fe

" An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and ware- V J(

" housed in the United Kingdom vithout payment of

" Duties, under certain Refcriftions, for a limited time."

And Mr. Sargent moved the Home accordingly.

Ordered.

Bill ordered.

Fulbedc

Inclosure Bill,

Cwznmitted.

London Dock Company's

BiOT

presented.

Bill to prohibit

Distillation from Oats in Ireland, ordered*

Convention with Sweden, presented.

Appendix,

(No. s )

Ball India Bonds Bill, committed.

Irish

Sulpected Peiibns Bill, committed.

44 Geo. III.

3 5° Dec.

29

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and " warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment " of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time:" And that Mr. Sargent, Mr. Corry, Mr. Nicholas,

and Mr. Hobhouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the dock.

Lunce, 5° die Decembris;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Praters.

A BILL for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Fuibeck, in the County of and for making

compensation for the Tythes arising within the said Parish, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John , Mr. Sibihorp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further firm of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Bai'ons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House was moved. That the Copy of a Proclamation by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting Distillation from Oats and Oatmeal, issued the 1 ath day of October 1803, which was presented to the House, upon Saturday last, by Mr. Secretary Torke, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council, of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats in Ireland, and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of for prohibiting

such Distillation: And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary , Lord Viscount reagh, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command.

Copy of a Convention between His Britannick Majesty and the King of Sweden, signed on the 25th July 1803. And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Bill to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with respect to the Rate of Interest,. and the Duty payable thereon, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall fulpeft, for " conspiring against His Majesty’s Person aijd Govern-Voi. 59.

Ordnance

Estimate,'

presented*

" ment, until six weeks after the commencement of the " next Session of Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the dav, for the second T,

r t r»-n r , Imh Re*

reading or the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, beiiion Bill; an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, conunitwd.

" An Act for the suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and " for the protection of the persons and property of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in force " until six weeks after the commencement of the next " Session of Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1804; also, of the said Charge in Ireland, {ox the said year—Land Service.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The feid Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House was moved, That the seventh Article of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, from the ift day of January 1801, and the sums contributed thereto by Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of, Mr. Chancellor of * the Exchequer, Mr. Samuel Thornton, Lord Viscount Caflte-reagh, Mr. Hawthorne, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Corry, Mr. Afidey, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Manning, Mr. John Claudius Beresford, Mr. Archdall, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Burroughs, Mr. Hobhouse: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commitfw of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money that will be Estimatcs wanted for the Transport Service, and the maintenance of ret*rre,s Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, from the &" .*

1 ft January to the 31ft December 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money may pro- Pr;_ bably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War foner» of in the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

I Resolved,

Appendix,

(No. 6.)

Committee appointed to enquire into the E?y>endi-ture of the United Kingdom*

30 5° Decem A. 1803.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Iriflift-o- x The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Sui-,<cmioa*te* Session of Parliament, to continue, during the Restriction Bill, on Payments in Caih by the Bank of , and to amend

•rdered. an ^ct, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum; and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of His present Majesty, to continue and amend the said Act, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for fuf-pending, for a time to be limited, the operation of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Secretary York and Lord Viscount do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

English Bank Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Feftriaion Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con-1, reporte . fjnue^ for a tjme to limited, the Restrictions contained in several Acts, made in the 37th, 3Cth, 4id, and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England,was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Committeeon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ■"Expiring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to L*w> cor.fider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution which,

upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, «r other Chief Governor " or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, tt so as such prohibition shall not endure beyond the ex-«< piration of six weeks, from the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Jre-« land of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions what-« soever, and to permit, for such limited time, the Im-* portation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Pro-a visions whatsoever, without payment of Duty; and for "' indemnifying such persons as have acted for the service of the Public, in advising or carrying into execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and

it Council of Ireland," as enables the Lord Lieutenant,

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Im-

portation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without payment of Duty, which was continued by two Acts, passed in the 43d and 43d years of His present Majesty’s Reign, until the 1 ft day of January 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Refolu non being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Relo- Bill ordered, lution: And that Mr. Corry and Mr. Secretary 2orke do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

The ingrafted Bill, to prevent the Desertion and Escape Seamen’sDe. of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty's Bl11, Service, by means, or under colour, of any C.vil or Criminal Procels, was, according to Order, rc?d the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: end that the Title be.

An Aftto prevent the Desertion and Elcape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty's Service, by means, or under colour, of any C vil or Criminal Procels.

Ordered, That Mr. Markham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Order for Bill Saturday iaft, for leave to bring in a Bill upon the first of jj'in-son the Relocations, which were then reported from the Com- Malt. &c. mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to b His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That lo much of the said Order as relates to the Duties upon Mum, Cyder, and Perry, be discharged.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according Malt Bill, to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Ma- Piei«"ed* jtfty, certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a iccond time Tomorrow.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, irish Sugar a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts, D«»|>ack* of the 41ft, 42d, and 43d years of His present Majesty’s prefciued. Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the (Expiring Exportation of Sugar from Ireland:And the fume was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Sawtry Persons interested in the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Lands, Fen Grounds, Commons, and fcVcired’to a Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Saltree, Committee, otherwise Sawiry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise

Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, might be again read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made the fame day, for leave to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Annesley, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according PenA. gee. to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Ma- Bill, * jessy, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in pfe*e,lted* England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand

5° 6°—Decembris.

Irish Pro* luiiiory Nfttes Safpeniion Bill, prcicated.

Exchequer VuU Bill, presented.

Irish Provi-fons Bill,

printed.

(Expiring

Law.)

Member , zdded to

bring in Curates Relief BilL

Bill presented.

Expiring Laws Bill, Pten ted-

Eoglish Sugar Drawback Bill, presented.

44 Geo. III.

thousand eight hundred and four i And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for suspending, fora time to be limited, the operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow. s

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation frorr) Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland ot Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, purfoant to the Resolution which, upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the expediency of affording temporary Relief to such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for promoting the residence of the Clergy.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Eight Thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the operation of twoAfts of the 15th and 17th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited sum in England; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to. Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of Other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Ille of Malta, and to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for difeon-Vol. 59.

31

tinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Exchequer Bills outstanding on the ill December 1802 and lft December 1803, respectively.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and Justices of the Peace, or others, in Great Britain, who have omitted to register of deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them-further time to provide admissions duly damped; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits'of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 6° die Decembtis;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803. Praters.

TH E House being informed that Mr. Graham (In-speftor of Convicts) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " The Report of Aaron Graham, Esquire, Inspector of Convicts in the River Thames and " at Ports nouth."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the

London Dock Company) attended at the door; he was

called

Account of Exchequer Bills, presented.

Irish Bank Kelt ri£> ion Bill, deferred.

Ways and

Means*

deferred.

Indemnify

Bill,

committed.

Report

re j peering Convict*, presented.

Report and Account of London Dock Company, presented.

32 6° Decembris. A. 1803.

Paper*

relpecting

Ireland,

presented.

Sums raised by Grand. Juries.

Dispositlon of Sum granted for Inland Navigation.

Jpptndix*

* (N* 7 ) t (N- 8.)

Sawtry

Inclosure

Petition,

reported.

•aint Pancrai Poor Petition, reported.

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Court of Directors " of the London Dock Company, relative to the progress of * the Works:" And also,

, An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the London Dock Company, from the iftof June f8ox to the 3»ft of May 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. ffrom the

Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland) attended at the door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Returns to an Order of the House, of the 7th day of June, in the last Session of Parliament; " That there be " laid before this House, an Account of the Sums raised " by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, respectively, for the last ten years; distinguishing each 4* year, and each Assize; and distinguishing the lums levied " for the Militia, from those levied for other purposes."

Mr. Johnson also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the zift day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the manner in which the Sum of £.500,000, granted in the last Session of the Irish Parliament to the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns* and Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

, Mr. Annesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several persons interested in the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Lands, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Sqltree, otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Henry Sweeting being examined, said. That the said Lands are, in their present state, incapable of any considerable improvement; but if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific allotments made thereof to the several Owners and persons interested therein, and if provisions were made for draining the said Lands, the fame might be greatly improved.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sazvtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Annejley and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Burdett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants and Householders of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, assembled in Vestry, and of other Inhabitant Householders, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwardsdelivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Moore, Vestry Clerk, being examined, said,

' XI

That the said Parish is very large and populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are very numerous, inlomuch that the providing for the ("aid Poor, and the management and employment thereof, are become too burdcnlome for the Office of Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, which would be better discharged with the assistance of others participating in the powers and functions of the said Office, and forming, together with the said Overseers for the time being, one united and select body of Directors, for the governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor, under proper rules and regulations to be established—That the present Workhouse of the said Parish is in many parts decayed, and with the buildings erected in addition thereto, is in all respects insufficient for the accommodation and proper employment of the Poor of the said Parish requiring to be supported therein; and, that it would tend to the better relief and accommodation of the said Poor, if a convenient building for their reception and'employment were provided by erecting a new Workhouse, either where the present Workhouse stands, with an enlargement of that lcite of ground by the purchase of additional grounds adjoining thereto, or in some other convenient situatioa within the said Parish, by the purchase of other grounds or buildings which may appear suitable to the above purposes.—And the witness added, That it would tend to render more productive the Poor Rates or AfilUinents of the said Parish, if powers were given to appoint Collectors of the said Rates 01 Assessments, with an allowance for their trouble in collecting the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, a certain number of Directors, participating in the powers and functions of the Office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and select body, for the better and more easy governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor; for erecting a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, or purchasing ground or buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the expence of such purchase, and of such new building; and for rendering more productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said Parish; and for other purposes: And that Sir Francis Burdett and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Duke*f York and Albany, being offered to be presented to the p^nEfate House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, gives His consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is, under Letters Patent from the Crown, dated the nth of June 1760, and under other like Letters Patent, dated the 30th or October 1773, and by assignment, possessed of, or entitled to, the Manor of Byfleet and Weybridge, with Byfleet or Wey bridge,

and a capital Messuage and Office, two other Messuages, two Iron Mills, and other Buildings and Lands in Bsfleet and IVeybridge, in the County of Surfor tl.e term of twenty-six years, from the 5th day of January 1784, and for the further term of thirteen years and an haif, from the 5th day of January 1810, at which time the first-mentioned term will expire, but subject to the yearly rent to the Crown of £. 18 for the remainder of the said first mentioned term, and to the yearly rent of 50 during the said reversionary term; and that the Petitioner is also, under other Letters Patent from the Crown, dated the 7th of August 1780, and by assignment, possessed of, or entitled to, one undivided third part of and in the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the said County of Surrey, and divers Messuages and Lands in the fame Manor, for the term of sixteen years and an half, from the 23d day of March 1794, the entirety of which last mentioned premises is subject to the yearly rent of £.38. 41. 6 d.payable to the Crown; and that the Petitioner is also, under other Letters Patent from the Crown, dated the 7th of March 1770, and under other

like

44 Geo. III. 6° Decembrist33

like Letters Patent, dated the 3d of May 1785, and by assignment, pofl'effect of, or entitled to, a capital Messuage called Brooklands, with offices, gardens, and several parcels

of Land, situate at Wey bridge aforesaid, for the term of thirty-one years and an half, from the 5th day of January 1788, and for the further term of fifteen years, from the 5th day of July 1819, at which time the said term of thirty-one years and an half will expire, but subject to the yearly rent to the Crown of £.5. 8j. 6d. for the remainder of the said term of thirty- one years and an half, and to the yearly rent of £.9. I4J. id. during the said last mentioned reversionary term; and the Petitioner is also, under the said Letters Patent of the 3d of May 1785, and by assignment, possessed of, or entitled to, a Farm-house and divers Lands, called Brooklands Farm, at Ik'eybridge aforesaid, for the term of fifteen years, from the 5th day of July 1800, but subject to the yearly rent to the Crown of 16. ioj. and that the Petitioner is desirous to purchase, and is now in treaty for, a Messuage and Lands near Wey bridge aforesaid, which arc held by other Letters Patent from the Crown, dated the 8th of April 1785, for twenty-one years, from the 10th day of October 1791, at the yearly rent of £.7. 17 s.At\d.\ and that the Petitioner is in the poffcf-

fion of, and holds as tenant under the Crown from year to year, two Coney Warrens, and certain Lands, in or near Chertsey, in the said County, which were heretofore held, with other Lands and Tenements, by lease from the Crown, but the lease or leases whereof hath, or have lately, expired; and that the Petitioner has lately purchased, and is seised or. entitled, in fee simple, of or to the Freehold capita] Messuage or Manlion-house and Park of Oatlands, and divers other Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being within the several Manors or Parishes of and Wey bridge, Walton upon ‘Thames, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, or some of them, in the said County; and that under, and by virtue of two several Inclosure Acts lately passed, divers separate and distinct parcels of Land or Ground within the Parishes and Places aforesaid, have been allotted and awarded to the Petitioner, and some other person or persons, as well in respect of the several Leasehold Preinifes hereinbefore mentioned, as in respect of the Petitioner’s said Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Estates in the Manors or Parishes aforesaid; and that the Petitioner has also purchased, and contrafted to purchase, from different Proprietors thereof, several other Lands or Hereditaments in the fame Manors or Parishes, which have been allotted and awarded to them, in fee simple, under the said Inclosure Acts, and that the Petitioner has been put to a very great expence, and has laid out several considerable sums of money respecting the said Inclosure Acts, and in making the necessary Inclosures and improvements in consequence thereof; and the Commissioners acting under the said Acts have, with a view to the convenience of occupation and improvement, intermixed and laid together, or as contiguous as may be, the several allotments which have been made to the Petitioner, as well in respect of his aforesaid Leasehold Premises, as of his said Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Estates; and that inasmuch as, on account of the situation and intermixture of the several allotments which have been made in respect of the said several Leasehold Premises, including the said Premises whereof the Petitioner is tenant from year to year, and in respect of the Petitioner’s said Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Estates, and from the situation and intermixture of the said allotments which he has lo purchased and contrafted for, in fee simple, as aforesaid, the fame several allotments cannot be occupied and improved to the advantage they are capable of, unless they are held and kept together, and enjoyed, as one estate * and in regard that, at the expiration of the present leases or demiles of the said Leasehold Premises* it would not only be difficult tp ascertain and distinguish the said Leasehold Allotments from the said Freehold and Copyhold Allotments, but would also be very prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioner’s Mansion-house, Park, and Estate, at Oatlands aforesaid, if the said Leasehold Allotments were separated and taken away from the said Freehold and Copyhold Allotments; and inasmuch also as the said several Leasehold Manors and Premises Vo i. 59.

hereinbefore mentioned lie contiguous to, and are very definable and convenient to be held and enjoyed with, or by the Proprietor of, the said Mansion-house, Park, and Estate of Oatlands,the Petitioner is desirous of purchasing

the inheritance of the whole of the aforesaid Leasehold Manors and Premises respectively, including the said Premises whereof the Petitioner is Tenant, from year to year, with all the Timber, and otherTrees, Woods, Underwoods,

Mines, and Quarries, growing or being on or about the fame Manors and Premises: And the Petitioner has made his suit to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give leave, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner such inheritance: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner the Inheritance of the fame Premises for such price or sum of money as shall be adjudged, by the proper Officers of the Crown, to be a full and valuable consideration for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Bristol Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, was pre- Debtor* fented to the House, and read j complaining of their dif- Pet,t,on* tress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, Athbomeand of the zd and 22d years of His present Majesty, for re- p^ad* pairing and widening the Road leading from in re*.

the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Ruftiton Common to Congleton,

in the County of Chester, and the Road from the end of Ashborne Church-yard to the top of the Dig Street, in Ashborne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That great progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable debt hath been contrafted on the credit of the said Acts j and that the debt cannot be discharged, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Irish Bank reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, Reg[jftl0tt an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th committed, year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j-

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the 13th day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War informed the House, That he was House in-commanded by the King to acquaint the House, that Major General Napier Christie Burton,a Member of this Burton had House, having been charged with a breach of Military been put Discipline, has been put under Arrest by His Majesty’s underArre<*’

K command.

Address thereupon

Committee on Ihlhfufpected Persons Bill.

Committee on Irish Rebellion Bill.

Order for Mr. Grant's Attendance discharged.

34 6° Decembr A. 1803,

command, in order to his being tried by a General Court Martial.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, returning His Majesty the Thanks of the House, for His gracious Message of this day, and for His tender regard to the Privileges of this House, in the communi* cation which He has been pleased to make to this House of the reafop for putting Major General Napier Burton under Arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act toem-" power the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or " Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such " Persons as he or they shall suspedt, for conspiring against " His Majesty’s Person and Government, until six weeks " after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the suppression of Rebellion in , and for the pro-

" tedtion of the Persons and property of His Majesty’s " faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until fix * weeks after the commencement of the next Session of " Parliament,’* be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Francis William Grant, Esquire, being in his place, and having informed the House, That he was extremely concerned that the House should have had so much trouble on account of his absence from the Committee on the Waterford Election, which had arisen entirely from mifin-formation; that he wrote on the 5th of November to a Friend in town, to know whether the Committee was dif-lolved, wishing, at such a time as the present, to remain With his Regiment; but added, that it was his intention to set out from Dundee about the 17th of November, if his attendance was necessary: that the answer he received from his Friend was, that he conceived all Committees were dissolved by the prorogation of Parliament, but that he would make enquiry, and, if he found it otherwise, would give him information: that his Friend did not write to him again, and therefore he concluded the first information was right; and, that immediately on receiving the Order of the House, he set out for Londonhe also declared, that he had no intention to neglect or elude his duty, and, if he had known that his attendance was re-quisite, he certainly would not have exposed himself to the displeasure of the House; and he most humbly hoped that the House would be satisfied with this explanation and eicufe;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the «3

25th day of November last, for the attendance of the said Mr. Grant, Tommorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with respect " 1 ‘

to the rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhonfe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred SuPP*f to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hire of That a sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and nine thou- TnmfPom-land Two hundred and forty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Hire of Transports, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prisoners of That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and twenty War-thousand One hundred sixty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Prisoners of War in Health, at home and abroad, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*

That a sum, not exceeding Forty-two Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,- for defraying the Charge of Sick Prisoners of War, for the year 1804.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeoa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill!1117 the Bill to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and Justices of the Peace, or others, in Great Britain, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain, whose ad millions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or miilaid, and for allowing them further time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Iaftruflioa mittee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second n^backi reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited. Bill,1'’ * several Acts, of the 41ft, 43d, and 43d years of His present

Air n . (Expiring

Majesty s iiw.j

44 Geo. III. 6° Decembr35

Bill to

prohibit Dist illation from Oats in Ireland, presented.

Jnstruction relative to warehousing Portugal Wine.

Portugal Wine Bill, presented.

Eagtidi Bank ReSri&ion Bill* passed.

Malt Bill, committed#

Majesty’s Reign for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats in Ireland; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, That they do make provision in the said Bill for amending the said Act, passed in the 41 ft year of His present Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 41 ft and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Rofolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the Restrictions contained in several Acts, made in the 37th, 38th, 42d, and 43d yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the >service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tenfnnt,&c. A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a 1>atie* ^4 ’ Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, committ . certain £)uties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. Vot. 59.

A Bill for suspending, fora time to be limited, the ope- irith Pro-ration of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to miJTory Note# continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of u bTi?, °n Ireland, ior restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes committed, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans or exchequer Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as Biiis Bill, have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service committed-of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bi 11.

A Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, lo much of p*,. an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present visions Bill, Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the Uw.) permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Eight Curate* Thousand Pounds, for the present relief of certain Curates in England, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the suspend- Expiring ing the operation of two Acts of the 15th and 17th years Law* But, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the c®ttumtte<L negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to.

Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without payment of Duty > to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, and to the ad million of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read',

The Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, EnglifcSugM passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing Drawback certain Drawbacks and Bounties x>n the Exportation of

Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks

and Bounties in lieu thereof, was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it* self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said , Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Canterbury and Whit-stable Road Petition.

Waterford

Election

determined.

Deputy Clerk of the Crown to attend.

Indemnity

Bill,

reported.

36

6*—7° Decembris.

A. 1803.

Mercurii, 7° die;

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Trustees for carrying into execution an Act, made in the 9th year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from St. Dunstan’s Cross, near the City of , to the Wa*

teffide at JVhjtJlable, in the County of Kent, and also two

other Acts, passed in the 27th year of the fame Reign, and in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers, and continuing and amending the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said several Acts into execution, and have laid out considerable sums of money in the repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed several sums, which stil! remain due and owing, on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and that, unless the term and powers of the said Acts are enlarged, altered, and amended, the said Road cannot be kept in repair, nor the money so borrowed be paid off; and that it would greatly facilitate the execution of the purposes intended by the said Acts, if the fame were repealed, and further and other provisions made for the repair of the said Road; and it would be of benefit to the neighbourhood, if power was given to the said Trustees to amend, and keep in repair, a certain Carriage Road leading through St. in the Parishes of St. Dunjian and Holy Cross , to

the weft corner of a certain Lane there, called North Lane, leading to the weft gate of the said City: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purpol'es aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Lord Vi (count &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of Waterford,. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That William Congreve AlEsquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

• That Sir John Newport, Baronet, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

And also, That the said Committee have determined, That the said Sir John Newport, Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

' And also, That the said Committee have determined. That the opposition of the said William Congreve Alcock, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown doattend' this House, Tommorrow, with the last Return for the City of Waterford, and amend the fame, by rafing out the name of William Congreve Alcock, Esquire, and inserting the name of Sir John Newport, Baronet, instead thereof.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and Justices of the Peace, or others, in Great Britain, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited

for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great lain, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them further time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such per-foiis in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of.Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Drawbacks the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts, Bin. of the 41 ft, 42d, and 43d years of His present Majesty’s *££'"* Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

• Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to proreading of the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Coun- oatsin cil, of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, the Distil- Ireland, lation of Spirits from Oats in Ireland, and for indemnifying comnutte ’ such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council * of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hpufe will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon so^Not'eT" the Bill for suspending, for a time to be limited, the opera- sufyen°ion tion of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to Bill, continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committ-e resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to

the

44 Geo. III. 7° Decemb 37

the permitting the Importation into of Corn, Fish,

and Provisions, without payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

• The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

trifkfefptfted Mr. Hawthorne, according to Order, reported from the

ferfons Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con-*p0,ted' tinue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower " the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons " as he or they shall suspe# for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, until lix weeks after the " commencement of the next Session of Parliament," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Irish Rcbellion Mr. Hawthorne, according to Order, reported from the itStiffl. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the sup-" prelfion of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection " of the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s faithful * Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That no person shall be capable of fitting as a Member of the Courts Martial, to be appointed under the Act, unless such person shall be of the full age of twenty-one years.

And the said Clause was read the first time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Bast India Mr, Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Bond* Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re-*ported‘ gulate the Bonds ifi'ued by the East India Company, with respect to the rate oflnterest, and the Duty payable thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill", with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Vox.. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certaiii Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruction? mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, -to dire# that the deficiency which shall be on the 25th day of March 1804 of the Incomes of the Duties on Mailt, granted for the year 1802, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the year 1804.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Wri Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a 1 * 1 Duty on Pensions,'Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thoulancf eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction*, mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the deficiency of the Duty granted on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the service of the year 1802, out of the Supplies granted for the year 1804.

The House was moved. That an A#, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River 'Tyne, to be confirmed in,

and to grant a compensation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to exonerate the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne from the payment of such Duty as shall have been charged, or shall or may be charged, on the said Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals dripped in the River Tyne, to be confirmed in England, finee the 22d day of August 1799.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Feli-

consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole dence Bill, House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Residence of re-comnutte4' Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

L Resolved,

con fide red-

Address for Account of Money issueti pursuant to AddrelTes.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Tortuga! Wine Bill, •ommitted.

C ommittee on Exchequer Bills Bill.

Committee on Curates Relief Bill.

Committet on Expiring Xaws Bill.

SB , 7°-—8° Dece. . A. 1803.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve hfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by l'uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and ware'noufed in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tiie House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the sum of Five Miilions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they‘had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forgrauting to His Majesty the lum of Eight Thousand Pounds, for the present relief of certain Curates in England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directe-d him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the operation of two Acts of the 13th and 17th years of the Reign of His 11

present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England-, to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to. Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the lfle of Malta, and to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The, House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for difeon-tinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 8® die Decembris; Anno 44° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803. Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Waterford.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation at or near Sozverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of the Duke of Bridge-xvater, in the Parish of Mauchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said Canal; and that another Act was passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for better enabling the said Company to raile money for completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the before-mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners have made great progress in forming the said Canal, and have not only expended thereon all the money they have been able to raise under the authority of the said Acts, but have also contracted divers Debts, and that, under the present powers vetted in them, they are incapable of raising money to discharge the lame, and to complete the said Canal and Cuts: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the said Company to raise such further sums of money as may be requisite for the purposes aforesaid, and for the completing of the said Canal and Works

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confide rat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. of Lan-

cafiire, fee.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, cc Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr,

Committee on English Su£ar Drawback. BilL

Waterford

Return

amended.

Rochdale

Canal

Petition.

Canterbury

and

Whitstable

Roads

Petition,

reported.

Rchester and

Bodmin

)ebtor»

Petitions-

Malt Bill, icported.

U: rrs t-kii.

44 Geo. III.

8° Decembr

39

Mr. John Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execution an Act-, made in the 9th year of his late Majesty, for repairing ancf widening the Road leading from St.

Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the waterside at Whit-Jiable, in the County of Kent, and also two other Acts, passed in the 27th year of the lame Reign, and in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers, and continuing and amending tire said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Atfls were read: And,

Mr. Richard Ha'/ord being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said several Acts into execution, and have laid cut several considerable sums of money in the repairs of the said Road leading from St. Dunjlati sCrofs to the waterside at aforesaid, and have borrowed several sums of money which still remain due: That the money so borrowed, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied; but that the powers of the said Acts are insufficient for the purposes thereby intended; and unless the terms and powers thereof are enlarged, altered, and amended, the said Road cannot be kept in repair, nor the money borrowed be paid off and discharged. •—And the Witnef* added. That it would greatly facilitate the-execution of the several purposes intended by the said Acts, if the fame were repealed, and further and other provisions made for the repair of the said Road; and that it would be of benefit to the neighbourhood, if power were given to the Trustees to amend, and keep in repair, a certain Carriage Road leading through St. Street, in

the Parishes of St. Dunflan and Holy Cross fVefgate, to the weft corner of a certain Lane there called Lane,

leading to the Weftgate of the said City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for keeping in repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the fe?. fide at Whitstable,in the County of Kent: And that Mr. John Baker and Mr. kVatfon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Gaol, in and for the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Sheriff’s Ward in the County Gaol of Bodmin,;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobhcufc, according to Order, reported from the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they, had diretfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossbd Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an A cl, made in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other " CAT Governor or Governors of to apprehend

VOL. 39.

" and detain such persons as he Or they shall suspedl, for " conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government, until six weeks after the commencement of the " next Session of Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to em " power the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or " Governors of Irleand, to apprehend and detain such per-" Tons as he or they shall suspedl for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, until six weeks after " the commencement of the next Session of Parliament."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- in'ih Re-ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be li- kjJ*£jnBlU» mited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the Persons and Property

" of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in " force until six weeks after the commencement of the * next Session of Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protec-" tion of the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s faithful " Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after " the commencement of the next Session of Parliament."'

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to»"the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Pensions, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con- Duties Bill, tinuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, reP0Ite'J* Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had. directed. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- ' upon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Biils raffing the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer rep#rte ' Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order,' reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to cont Bin,

qinue rt*orua- '

' by

40 8° Decembfis. A. 1803.

Irish Provisions Bill, reported. (Expiring

Law.)

IriQi Sugar Drawbacks Bill, reported. (Expiring Law.)

timle fevera) Laws relating to the fiifpending the operation ol two Acts of the 15th and 17th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England-,to the prohibiting the Exportation from,

and permitting the Importation to. Great , of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without Payment of Duty j to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Me of , and to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which' they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to , by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts of the 41ft, 42d, and 43d years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- frHi, ing of the ingrossed Bill tet regulate the Bonds issued by the Bon.ts Bill, East India Company with respect: to the rate of Interest, paffw1’ and the Duty payable thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly';

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with respect to the rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to- Order, reported from the iha, pr0mif. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fuf- fory Note* pending, for a time to be limited, the operation of an Act, Sub-^I!°* made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and reported, amend two Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Lord Viscount Cafllereagh reported to the House, That Answen to their Address of Tuesday last (returning His Majesty the Addresses-Thanks of the House, for His gracious Message, and for His tender regard to the Privileges of this House, in the communication which He hath been pleased to make to this House of the reason for putting Major General Napier Christie Burton under Arrest) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lord Viscount Cafllereagh also reported to the House,

That their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Curate. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en- Residen«Mv-» couraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Bii","reported. Cures, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Kngliih Sugar Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the DBi)ibaCk Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con-

report’ed. tinue, fora time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last

*Lawiyn* Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said'Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the curate? Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief Bill, granting to His Majesty the sum of Eight Thousand rel>ortfd-Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-mnts were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone s;erra teont Company, being offered to be presented to the House; Company’*

r J& r ^jr Petition.

44 Geo. III.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House on the ioth May i302, praying for an extenlion of the Grant annually voted by Parliament for the maintenance of the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone; and that a Committee of the House, to whom the said Petition was referred, having reported favourably thereon, and having annexed to their Report an Estimate of the annual Expence of the Settlement, which amounted to the sum of £.ro,oooo. exclusive of the charge of erecting the Fort and maintaining the Garrison, the House was pleased to grant to the Petitioners the said sum of £. 10,000 for the year i4oa: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and that the sum of 10,000 may be granted to the said Company for the expences of the said Settlement for the year 1803.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Sir Robert John

Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats in Ireland; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distiliation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then, a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend two Acts, paffod in the 41ft and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warchoul'cd in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the day, again resolve itself into the said Committee.

Von.' 59.

41

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services Account, Sec. from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of tiieordi- rented: nary expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not Services, been replaced by Parliament: And also.

An Estimate of the probable amount of Bills drawn. New South and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may be- Wa,es-come due in the course of the year 1804: And also.

An Estimate of the sum which may be wanted to defray Coi>vi£t», the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing; Convicts at home, for the year 1804: And also.

An Estimate of the sum which may be wanted for the Emigrant*, relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, - &e‘

nefe. Corf can, and Dutch Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the year 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Account and Estimates are inserted in the Appendix, Appendix to this volume. ' (N°* 9’)

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrafted Bill to indemnify such persons in Great indemnity Britain ns have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices Bill» I*®*1-and Employments; and Justices of the Peace, or others in Great Britain, who have omitted to registeror deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them further time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such persons in Great Britain, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

The Order, made this day, for the House to resolve it- committe* felfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider on Portugal further of the Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 41ft Wme Bill-and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Order of the day, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for allowing Spanifi Wine to be landed and ware-housed in the United Kingdom.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Papers, which were presented to the Pa House upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Johnson (from the reining Office of the Chief Secret ay in Ireland), be printed for Ir?iant1> tob* the Members of the House. ' *rmted*

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

M

8° Deccmbris.

Answers to

Thanks to Volunteer!.

Account of

Addrei's

Money,

presented-

j4ppentHx9

(No. 10.)

Portugal Wine Billj reported.

Duke of Vo; k*s liftate Petition, reported.

42

Veneris, 9* die

Anno 44® Georgii III*" Regis, 1803.

PR AYERS*

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in obedience to the commands of this House of the ioth day of August, in the last Session of Parliament, he had, by letter to His Majesty’s Lieutenant of each County, Riding, and Place, in Great Britain, and to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Signified the Resolution of this House, That the Thanks of this House be given to the several Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps of the United Kingdom, for the promptitude and zeal with which, at a crisis the moll momentous to their country, they have aflo-ciated for its defence:

And that he had received answers, by letters, from many of the Laid Lieutenants, and from his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, desiring him to make the grateful acknowledgements of the said several Corps for the honour done to them, by the notice which this House has been pleased to take of their exertions in the defence of their country.

The House being informed that Mr. Forjler, from the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-dress to His Majesty,

An Account of all sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew; and the title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal YVine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Fork and Albany, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

■ To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent from the Crown, dated the nth of June 1760, and also of the 30th of October 1775, together with the Assign-fnent, were produced to the Committee; whereby it appeared that His Royal Highness is possessed of, or entitled to, the Manor of Byfleet and IVeybridge, with Byfleet or Weybridge Park, and a capital Messuage and Office, two other Messuages, two Iron Mills, and other buildings and lands in Bxfieel and Weybridge, in the County of Surrey, for the term of 26 years, trom the 5th day of January 1784, and for the further term of 13 years and an half, from the 5th day of January 1810, at which time the first-mentioned term will expire, butsubjed to the yearly rent to the Crown of £. 18. for the remainder of the said first-mentioned term, and to the yearly rent of £. 50. during the said reversionary term;—Then,

A. 1803.

Other Letters Patent, dated the 7th of August 1780, and Assignment, were produced to the Committee; whereby it appeared. That His Royal Highness is also possessed of, or entitled to, one undivided third part of and in the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the said County of Surrey, and divers Messuages and Lands in the fame Manor, for the term of sixteen years and an half, from the 23d day of March 1794, the entirety of which last mentioned premises is subject to the yearly rent of £.38. 4. 6. payable to the CrownThen,

Other Letters Patent, dated the 7th of March 1770 and the 3d of May 1785, and Assignment, were also produced to the Committee, whereby it appeared. That His Royal Highness is also possessed of, or entitled to, a capital A1 cffuage called Brocklands, with offices, gardens, and several parcels of Land, situate at Weybridge aforesaid, for the term of thirty-one years and an half, from the 5th day of January 1788, and for the further term of 15 years, from the 5th day of July 1819, at which time the said term of thirty-one years and an half will expire, but subject to the yearly rent to the Crown ofj£. 5. 8. 6. for the remainder of the said term of thirty-one years and an half, and to the yearly rent of f.9. 14. 8. during the said last mentioned reversionary term; and that His Royal Highness is also, under the said Letters Patent of the 3d of May 1785, and by Assignment, possessed of, or entitled to, a Farm-house and divers Lands called Farm, at Wey-

bridge aforesaid, for the term of 15 years, from the 5th day of July 1800, but subject to the yearly rent to the Crown of £.16. 10. a.—Then,

Air. Robert Dickson (Steward to His Royal H’gbness) being examined, laid, That His Royal Highness is desirous to purchase, and is now in treaty for, a Messuage and Lands near Weybridge aforesaid, which are held by other Letters Patent dated the 8th of April 1785, for 21 years, from the icth of October 1791, at the yearly rent of £.y. 17. 4I; and that His Royal Highness is in the possession of, and holds as Tenant under the Crown from year to year, two Coney Warrens, and certain Lands in or near Chertsey, in the said County, which were heretofore held, with other Lands and Tenements, by Lease from the Crown, but the Lease or Leases whereof hath or have lately expired; and that His Royal Highness has lately purchased, and is seised or entitled, in fee simple, of or to the freehold capital Alcffuage or Alansion-house and Park of Oat lands, and divers other freehold and copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being within the several Manors or Parishes of and Weybridge,

Walton upon Thames, Walton Leigh, and Cher fey, or some of them, in the said County,—-Then,

Mr. William Clark, being examined, said, That by virtue of two Inclosure Acts lately passed, divers separate and dif-tind parcels of Land or Ground within the Parishes and places aforesaid, have been allotted and awarded to His Royal Highness, and some other persons, as well in respecfc of the several Leasehold premises before-mentioned, as in respect of His Royal Highness’s said Freehold and Copy-hold Hereditaments and Estates in the Manors or Parishes aforesaid; and that His Royal Highness has also purchased, and contracted to purchase from different Proprietors thereof, several other Lands in the lame Manors or Parishes, which have been allotted and awarded to them, in fee simple, under the said Inclosure Acts.—Then, \

Mr. Robert Dickson being further examined, said. That His Royal Highness has. been put to a very great expence, and has laid out several considerable sums of money respect -ing the said Inclosure Acts, and in making the necefl'dry inclosures and improvements in consequence thereof; and that the Commissioners acting under the said Acts have, with a view to the convenience of occupation and improve-, ment, intermixed and laid together the several Allotments which have been made to His Royal Highness; and, that inasmuch as on account of the situation and intermixture of the several Allotments which have been made in respect of the said several Ixrafehold Premises, including the said Premises whereof His Royal Highness is tenant from year to year, and in respect of His laid freehold and copyhold hereditaments and Estates, and from the situation and intermixture of the said Allotments which he has so purchased and contracted for, in fee simple* the fame cannot be occupied

8°—9° Decembris.

Saint Pan eras foor Bill, pre rented.

Weft Looe Writ.

Powers to Sierra Leone Company Committee.

Malt Bill, passed.

Pen Hons, &c. Duties Bill, paded-

44 Geo. III. 9° Decembris 43

.’copied and improved to the advantage they are capable of, unless they are held and kept together, and enjoyed as ,one Estate; and in regard that, at the expiration of the present leases or demises of the said Leasehold Premises, it would not only be difficult to ascertain and distinguish the said Leasehold Allotments from the said Freehold and Copyhold Allotments, but would also be very prejudicial and injurious to the Mansion-house, Park, and Estate of JHis Royal Highness, at Oat lands, if the said Leasehold Allotments were separated and taken away from the Freehold and Copyhold Allotments; and, that inasmuch also as the said several Leasehold Manors and Premises hereinbefore mentioned lie contiguous to, and are very delirable and convenient to be held and enjoyed with, or by the Proprietor of the said Mansion-house, Park, and Estate of Oatlands, His Royal Highnets is desirous of purchasing

the inheritance of the whole of the aforesaid Leasehold Manors and Premises respectively, including the said Pre-miles whereof he is Tenant from year to year, with all the timber and other trees, woods, underwoods, mines, and quarries, on or about the fame Manors and Premises.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Sir 'Francis Burdett presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for providing, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, a certain number of Directors, participating in the powers and functions of the office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and ielect body, for the better and more easy governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor; for erecting a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, or purchasing ground or buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the expence of such purchase and of such new building; and for rendering more productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said Pa-rifii; and for other purposes: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ, for the electing of a Burgess to fervein this present Parliament for the Borough of Weft Looe,in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Smith, Esquire, who, since his election for 'the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of

Dejborough, and Boner:ham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company is referred, have leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff', in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Exchequer ing of the ingrossed Bill, for raising the sum of Five Mil- Bills Bill, lions by Loans or.Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such pa,e Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for.raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hob house do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Expiring ing of the ingrossed Bill, to continue several Laws relating L^jBl11’ to the suspending the operation of two Acts, of the 15th v and 17th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to. Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty; to the regulatin^the Trade and Commerce to and from the Idle of Malta, and to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsAnd that the Title be.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the operation of two Acts, of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, -under a limited sum, in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to,

Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read*

Apd the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the vearone thousand eight hundred and four.

O

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; and certain Duties on Sugar* Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff’, in Great Britaiji, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read-the third time.

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- irish Pro-ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be li- B:1I» mited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the p Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'I’he find Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and five, lb much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majesty’s Reign as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from -Ireland, of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Irish Su^af

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Drawbacks ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, B(p;xPi^g‘

several vLw.)

44 9* Decembris. . 1803.

several Acts, of the 41ft, 42c!, and 43d years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Drawbacks*31 Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read* Bill, paired, ing of the ingrafted Bill, to continue, for a time to be li-<^Pirll1g mi ted, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for w' discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great and for allowing

other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Irish Pro* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-SBi^nficw* of the ingrafted Bill, for suspending, for a time to be Bill, passed, limited, the operation of an Act, made in the last Sessionr of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.--

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for suspending, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, the operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

London Dock A Bill for raising a further sum of money for carrying into Company* execution an Act, passed in the 40th year of the Reign of committed, present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and fe- t curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manning, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

United Kingdom without payment of Duties, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-first and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom, and to allow Wine to be so

landed and warehoused.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House,

A Book, intituled, " Return of all Volunteer and Yeo* Return of * manry Corps whose services have been accepted by His Volunteer*, Majesty, describing each Corps (prepared in pursuance prefenu<1‘

" of an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons " of the 10th of August 1803) so far as the fame can at * present be made up."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Book be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 11)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to ing of the ingrafted Bill, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant prohibit or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy ^mOitTin Council of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, the Dif- Ireland, filiation of Spirits from Oats in Ireland, and for indemni- Passed' fying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland, and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of , for prohibiting such Distillation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supply, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; Estimates, &c.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, referred 1 Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the Guards, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Gars*^"* 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Ma- Forces in jesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serv- Pkotany"*-ing at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, and in New South Wales, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Cwratr* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

Kehet Bill, ing Qf t}10 ingrafted Bill, for granting to His Majesty the pdlt sum of Eight Thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of

certain Curates in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Eight Thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and delire their concurrence.

jvrturt il An ingrafted Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 41ft

v/me Bill, and 43d years of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, for per-mining Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with Staff officers* the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Particular*.

" Charge of the General and Staff Officers of the Hospitals,

" serving with the Forces in that part of the United King-" dom called Great Britain, from the 25th December.1803 " to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 " daysj" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Re- Troops giments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, 111 ladu*' for Service in Raft India, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,


Recruiting Troops in India.

Recruiting land Forets.

Embodied

Militia.

Clothing.

Contin-

gencies.

Volunteer

Corps.

Qrdaance.

Ways and

Means,

deferred*

Curates Residence Bill, deferred.

Committee on Report of Duke of York's petition.

44 Geo. III. 9°

45

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, llationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India,from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the 25 th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in thatpartxof the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embqdied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the -25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1804; also, of the said Charge in Ireland for the said year—Land Servicej be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llefolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Ordar of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was recommitted, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Two of the clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

the Petition of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. John Frederick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaift

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, Ahftraft of

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Return of all the Returns of " Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps, whose Services have Volunte*r*«

" been accepted by His Majesty, describing each Corps pree"te

" (prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable " the House of Commons, of the loth of August 1803) so " far as the fame can at present be made up."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimates of command,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Board of First Fruits, se^vCi«s'iu>U* for one year, from 5th January 1804 to cth January 1805: Ireland And also, preftnted*

An Estimate of the Expence of Civil Buildings, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of printing and binding 250 copies of the Public General Acts of the 4th Session of Parliament: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of printing Proclamations, and other Advertisements, in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 3th January 1805: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c. and for the Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Purfuivants and extra Messengers attending the said Offices, for one year, from 5th January

1804 to 5th January 1805: And also.

An Estimate of the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805: And also,

Estimate of the probable Expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland for one year, from 5 th January 1804 to 5th January 1805: And also,

Eftiihate of the probable Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other I^aw Expences, in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to the 5th January 1805: And also,

Estimate of the* Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January

1805: And also.

An Estimate of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s Gold Mines in the County of IVicklow, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 180^: And also,

An Estimate of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary trouble in the year 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum necessary for cloathing the Battle Axe Guards: And also,

Estimate for clothing His Majesty’s Heralds, Purfui-•vants at Arms, and State Trumpeters, for Ireland, for three years, from the 17th of March 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimatesdo lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix. this volume. (No, 12)

Prayers.

TH E House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from tb.e Committee, to whom Vol. 59.

A Petition of the Incorporated Society for promoting Petition* English Protestant Schools in Ireland: And also, Julfceiu'ifeoua

A Petition of the Commissioners for charitable Donations Services in

and Bequests in Ireland: And also,

N

Ireland.

A Petition

10°—12° Decembris*

46

A. 1803.

Efti mates relating to

MiiceiUncous Services in Ir riand, efdered.

Prefer, ted.

Appendix. (iNO. 13.)

Bill to amend Act* rei petting Volunteers, ordered.

A Petition of the Association incorporated for difeounte- together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting nancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice to Military Discipline, during the war, such Serjeants of the Chrillian Religion: And also, serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry

A Petition of the Governors and Governesses of the or Infantry as receive constant pay, and all Trumpeters,

Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin: Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving And also, pay at any daily or weekly rate, and for the further regu-

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry, lating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, might be Dublin, respecting the Penitentiary: And also, read.

A Petition of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital And the same being read accordingly; in Dublin :And also. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex-

A Petition of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin: plain and amend the said Acts: And that Mr. Secretary

And also, Yorke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

A Petition of the Right honourable and Honourable the Mr. Steele, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Attorney General, Governors and Guardians of the Hibernian School for Sol- and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, di'ers Children: And also, the lame.

A Petition of several Directors of the Westmorland Lock Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, according Presented. Hospital in Dublin: And also, to Order, a Bill to explain and amend two Acts, passed in

A Petition of the Trustees of the Fever Hospital and the 4ad and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

House of Recovery in Dublin: And also, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps: And the

Another Petition of the Governors of the House of In- fame was received; and read the first time, duftry, Dublin: And also, Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Semi- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon

nary in Ireland: And also, Monday next.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages, in the City of DublinAnd also,

A Petition of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City of Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of the Farming Society of Ireland: And also,

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Relief of poor lying-in Women in being severally offered to be presented to the House;

And Mr. Carry (by His Majesty’s command) having, as they were severally offered to be presented, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of their contents, recommended them to the consideration of the House;

The said Petitions were severally brought up, and read; praying for such further aid towards defraying the Annual Expence of their several ln-ftitutions, as to the House should seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houfo, Estimates of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland: the Commissioners of charitable Donations; the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion, in Ireland the Female Orphan House in Dublin; the Penitentiary House in Dublin for young criminals; the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; the Hibernian Marine Society; the Hibernian School for Soldiers’ Children; the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin; the Fever Hospital in Dublin-, the House of Industry in Dublin; the Establishment of the Seminary at Maynooth; the Commissioners of wide Streets in Dublin; the Corporation for paving, lighting, and-cleans-ing the Streets of Dublin -, the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in. Ireland; the Farming Society of Ireland; and the Lying-in Hospital Dublin; for one year, to the 5th day of January 1805.

Mr. Corry presented to the House the said Estimates.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing the billctting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained

S

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lance, 12° die Decembns;

Anno, 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Link the Bill for dividing and inclosing Lands, in the Hucklow Township and Manor of Little Hucklow,in the Parish of repotted! Hope, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 29 acres, who refused to sign the Bill, and that the whole of the property of persons entitled to Right of Common consists of 175 acres); and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several persons interested in Sav.'fry1 the Open. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Divjfionand Lands, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Commonable Places Dra,nage Bl11, within the several Parishes of Saliree, otherwise All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Saivtry Saint Andrew, in liie County of Huntingdon.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the I louse, according to Order, Bill presented. a Bill for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

General Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom FuJbeck the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Indo(ure Bill, Fulbeck,in the County of Lincoln, and for making com- reported-pensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found

Ashbofne and Leek Roads

Petition,

reported.

Cardigan Debtors Petition.

Topcroft and Denton Inclosure Petition.

Estimate of IrifK Linen Manu&fture

44 Geo. III.

12° Dtccmb.

47

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Comriiittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t hat the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaClion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to tepoi t to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment^ were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-* grofled.

Lord George Augustus Henry reported from, the

Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, of the 2d'and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of , and the Road from the end of Ashborne Churchyard to the top of the Dig Street, in Ashborne, was referred; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and aftgrwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follower h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Goodzvin being examined, said, That a great progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and & considerable debt hath been contraCled on the credit of the said Acts; and, that the debt so contracted cannot be discharged, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, made in the 2d and 22d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, fur repairing the Road from in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester: And that Lord George Augifius Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s County Gaol of Cardigan, South Wales, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Topcroji and Denton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and rfcad; setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by estimation, 160 acres or thereabouts, which, in their present open and uncultivated (late, yield very little profit; but if divided and inclosed, the fame might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Fellovces, Sir Jacob Henry AjHey, and Mr. Coke of

- Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, for promoting and Vol. 50.

encouraging the said Manufactures, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1.805.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 14 )

A Petition of the Mayor, and several of the Aldermen, st. Alban’* Burge lies, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of St. Alban, ^av‘ns in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and Petltl0IU read; setting forth. That the Footways and cross Paths of the Streets and othfcr public Passages and Places within the said Borough are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are veiy incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and it would be a great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all persons resorting thereto, if the fame were, paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grimflon, Mr. Poyntz, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir John Frederick, according to Order, reported from Puke of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Report which was made from the ordered. * Committee, to whom the Petition of His Royal Highness Fredeiick Duke of Fork and Albany, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors,

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, tVey bridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chert fey, in

the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Fredeiick Duke of Fork and Albany, for a valuable consideration.

And Sir John Frederick moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Fork and Albany, for a valuable consideration: And that Sir John Frederick, General Norton, and Mr. Hobhouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred SuPP!>r-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Land Force*, a number of Land Forces, not exceeding One hundred and twenty-nine thousand and thirty-nine effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Guards, sum, not exceeding Fourmillions Two hundred and seventy- Ganifonf. six thousand Six hundred and twenty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of one hundred and twenty-nine thousand and thirty-nine effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, including the charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, the charge of Agency, and the charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Mailers, the extra Allowance for Farriery, and the Allowance for great Coats, from the 25th day of December

Force* in Plantations.

Recruiting for Troops in India.

Recruiting, See. for Land Forces.

Genera! and Staff Officers.

Embodied

Militia.

Clothing.

Contin-

gencies*

Volunteer

Corps.

Qftlnancfr

48 12° Decembris. A. 1803.

1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Great being 366 days. Britain, the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That Ordnance,

a futu, not exceeding One million One hundred and Seven- a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and four thousand ty-four thousand Five hundred and Nine Pounds Sixteen Six hundred fifteen rounds Seven Shillings and Eight Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the charge of the maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. Office of Ordnance, in that part of the United Kingdom including those serving at Gibraltar,in the Mediterranean,of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, for the year

and in New South Wales, including the charge of Pay and 1804.

Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That missioned Officers, and private Men, the charge of Clothing a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and thirteen thousand of Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, the charge Seven hundred and nineteen Pounds Four Shillings and of Agency, and the charge of annual Allowances to be Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the made to Field Officers and Captains, and for great Coats, expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of for Land Service, for that part of the United Kingdom of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days. Great Britain and Ireland, called Great , and not pro-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That vided for by Parliament in the year 1803. a sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Eight hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

and Fifty-nini Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Niue Pence, a sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand Six hundred be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of and fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, be Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of granted to His Majesty, to replace the sum advanced by Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruit- the Exchequer in Ireland for Ordnance Services, in that ing the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th day part of the United Kingdom, to 31ft December 1803, of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, beyond the Grants by Parliament for the said Services in both inclusive, being 366 days. the said year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That . The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty thousand were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for the to by the House. charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s

Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for punish- Mutiny Bill, Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, from the 25th day ing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of orde,ed-of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr inclusive, being 366 days. Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hiley Addington,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That do prepare, and bring in, the fame, a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty-four thousand Six hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Three Shillings OrdeThat leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Marine and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while the charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of on Ihore: And that Mr. James Adams, Siix Philip Stephens, the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that part of the Mr. Markham, and Sir Evan Nepean, do prepare, and United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th day bring in, the fame, of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both

inclusive, being 366 days. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- b;u to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ing of the Bill to explain and amend two Acts, paired in amend Act* a sum, not exceeding Two millions Seven hundred and the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, volunteer?. Ninety-one thousand six hundred and twenty-three Pounds relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps, be now read, committed! Seven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, And the said Order being read accordingly

for defraying the charge of the Embodied Militia and The said Bill was read a second time.

Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, of the whole House.

being 366 days. Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Fifteen thousand

Seven hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee

and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- of Supply' the charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in that fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j E referred*' part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for 25 th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December Public Services, from the Civil List Revenues (not being Service*. 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days. part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred a sum, not exceeding Sixty*one thousand One hundred and to the said Committee.

Twenty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings, be granted to His Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable amount of New South Majesty, for defraying the charge of Contingencies for the Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, Wale*. Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the which may become due in the courleof the year 1804, be United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the referred to the said Committee.

25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum which may be coneja*. 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days. wanted to defray the expence attending the confining,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That maintaining, and employing Convicts at home, for the year a sum, not exceeding Two millions Twenty thousand Five 1804, be referred to the said Committee;

hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum which may be Emigrant*, Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying wanted for the relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of &c. the charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of France, , Corsican, and Dutch Emigrants, and Arne-

Great Britain and Ireland,from the 25th day of December rican Loyalists, for the year 1804, be referred to the said 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive. Committee.

being 366 days. Ordered, That the several Estimates which were pre- Mifceiianeou*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That fented to the House, upon Saturday last, by Mr. Corry, re- Service* in a sum, not exceeding Two millions Nine hundred fifty- lative to certain Miscellaneous Services in Ireland, be re- Ir€, and* four thousand One hundred forty-one Pounds and Five ferred to the said Committee.

Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the charge of the Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented p,

Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for that part of the to the House upon Saturday last, relative to the English

Protestant

44 Geo. III. - 12°—13° Decembris. 49

Protestant Schools in Ireland—the Commissioners for Cha-6- ritable Donations—the Association for discountenancing

Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and P raft ice of the Christian Religion in Ireland—the Female Orphan House in Dublin—the House of Industry in ,respecting the

Penitentiary—-the Foundling Hospital in the Hi-

bernian Marine Society—the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children—the PVeJlmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin—the Fever Hospital in Dublin—the House of Industry in Dublin —the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland—the Commissioners of Wide Streets in the Corporation for

paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of Dublin—the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland—the Farming Society ot Ireland and the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, be referred to the said Committee.

p». Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented to the House upon Saturday last, relative to the subject matters of the said Petitions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed I him to report, when the House will please to receive the

Ifame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

management of the affairs of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill, and that the fame may not pals into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who' come to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Fulbeck Parish of Fulbeck, in the County of Lincoln, was read the I"^j,reBl1 third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Fulbeckr, in the County of Lincoln, and for making com-

pensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish.

Ordered, That General Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Lands in Little the Township and Manor of Little Hucklow, in the Parish j^dolbreBiU, of Hope, in the County of Derby, was read the third time, paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Hucklow, in the County of Derby. '

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Way* and

'Meant,

deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Poor Bill, committed

Martis, 13° Decembris;

Anno 44° Georgii III,n Regis, 1803.’ Prayers.

Saint Pancras \ BILL for providing, in the Parish of Saint,

ii in the County of M a certain number of Directors, participating in the powers and functions of the office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and select body, for the better and more easy governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor; for erecting a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, or purchasing Ground or Buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the Expence of such purchase and of such new Building; and for rendering more

Productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said 'arish; and for other purposes, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir -

dett, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Householders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the fame appears to the Petitioners to be partial, unjust, and prejudicial to the real interests of the Parish, and in many respects unwise, oppreffive, and incapable of producing the effects apparently intended to be attained; and that it contains divers other powers and provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will prove exttemely detrimental to the Petitioners, and to the Vox.. 59.

Petition of Inhabitants against D° Bill.

Ordered, That the Report of the 25th day of May 1802, Report upon the Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra clmmftteeon Leone Company, be referred to the Committee, to whom sierra Leone the Petition of the Court of Directors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, is referred.

Mr. Hobhouse presented to the House, according to Order, Mutiny Bill, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the presented. better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Jo/tnfon, from the Accounts Office of the Chief Secretary in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented. ’ House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ift of January, April, June, and September, 1797, respectively: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ift of April, May, and June 1801, respectively: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after seven days fight) on the ift of June, August, October, and December, 1802, and the 1 ft of February 1803, respectively: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable

after seven days fight) on the ift of January', April, August, and October, 1803, respectively; distinguishing the Amount of the several descriptions of Notes below the value of five pounds.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. ic.)

O Mr.

Report

Supply.

New South Wales.

Emigrants,

&c.

Convicts.

Parliament

Office.

Mr. Cle-isentfon.

Office fw Public Accounts.

Chairman of Committees, House of Peers.

Thames Police Office.

Port Patrick.

Index to Journals, House of Lords.

Addresses.

50 13° Lkcembris. A. 1803.

Mr. Hobhauft,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and areas followeth; viz.

fiefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from South Wales, which may become due in the course of the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum not exceeding One hundred and Forty-nine thousand One hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Corsican, and Dutch Emigrants,

and American Loyalists, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum not exceeding Forty thousand Eight hundred forty-seven Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at home, for the year 1804. ....

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred thirty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has beet) issued to the Right honourable George Rose, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for expences at the Parliament Office in Session *802-3.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That f sum, not exceeding Two hundred and nineteen Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make

food the like sum which has been issued to John ifquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for one year’s rent of a house jn lieu of the apartments he resigned at the House of Commons, due at Midsummer 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a (urn, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe , Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of Jlis Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for half a year, to the 10th day of O&ober 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred and one Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has beeri issued to Lord Walsingham, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for his attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers in Session 1802-3.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 4furp> not exceeding Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect security of the Shipping in the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to William Milford, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant General Vyfe for the Repairs of Port Patrick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-nine Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Thomas Brodie, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, as an allowance on account of his trouble in making an Index to the Journals of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Five hundred and Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Five Thousand Pounds Irish currency, be

§ ranted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Board of First ruits in Ireland, for building new Churches, and rebuilding old Churches, in fuefr Parishes as no public Service has been performed in for twenty years last past, and far the encouragement of building Glebe Houses, on such Terms as they shall think fit, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Twenty-five thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, for one year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Nine hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of printing and binding 250 copies of the public General Acts of the fourth Session of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred eighty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Seven thousand and Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of publishing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers, in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Forty Pounds Sterling, being Twenty-thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Distmrfements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Cajlie,&c. and for the Riding Charges and other

Expences of the Deputy Purfuivants and Extra MeH'cngers attending the said Offices, for one year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5 th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two thousand Pounds Irifls Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the probable charge of Treasury Incidents in Ireland, for one year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 180$.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Five thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of apprehending public Offenders in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Twenty-five thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Expences of Government, in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1S04 to die 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Sixty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being One thousand and Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved,

Mifcellane^ Services in Ireland:

First Fruits,

Civil

Building.

Printing A3i

Proclamations, &c.

Public Office.

Treasury

Incidents.

Public

Offenders*

Criminal

Prosecution>.

Pratique.

Cold Mines.

Remuneration for preparing Public Accounts.

Battle-Axe

Guards.

Heralds* See.

44 Geo. III. IS 9 Decembris.51

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That sand and Eighty-six Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to a sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred Ninety- His Majesty, for clothing His Majesty’s Heralds Purfui-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence Sterling, being vants at Arms, and State Trumpeters, for Ireland, for three One thousand Four hundred and One Pounds Three Shil- years, from the 17th day of March 1804.

lings and Five Pence Three Farthings Irish Currency, be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Proteffant granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expenditures at a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Five hundred and Schools-His Majesty’s Gold Mines at Croagkan, in the County of Eighty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence Sterling,

Wicklow, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day being Twenty thousand One hundred Twenty-nine Pounds of January 1805. Six Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, be granted to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Incorporated a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Thirteen Pounds Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Three in Ireland, for one year, ending the 5th day of January hundred and Forty Pounds Irijk Currency, be granted to 1805.

His Majesty, to be paid to Stephen Moore, Esquire, Account- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That charitable ant General, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in a sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Donations, preparing and stating the Public Accounts of Ireland, to Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being be laid before the House of Commons in this Session of Four hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Parliament. Majesty, for defraying the charge of the Office of the Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That missioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, for one a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty-one year, from the jth day of January 1804 to the 5th day of Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Two January 1805.

hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Aflbciatfon His Majesty, to be paid to John Smart, Esquire, Deputy a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Twenty-three Pounds dlgi°un* Accountant General, for his extraordinary trouble in pre- One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling, being One thousand vice. S paring the public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804. defraying the Expences which may be incurred by the Af-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That fociation for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the a sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four Pounds Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion, from Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two hun- the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January dred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to 1805.

be paid to Paulle Bas, Esquire, Examinator of Corn Boun- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Female ties, for his trouble in keeping the Accounts of the said a sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred and Orphan Office. Eighteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence Three House*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Farthings Sterling, being One thousand Two hundred and a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Eleven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Far-Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Sterling, being Two hun- thing Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, forde-dred and Fifty Pounds Irijk Currency, be granted to His fraying the charge of the Female Orphan House near Dublin,

Majesty, to be paid to Robert Marshall, Esquire, Inspector for one year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th General of Imports and Exports, for his expence and day of January 1805, for the support of One hundred and trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Ex- Forty Children.

ports of Ireland, for Parliament, for one year, ending the 5th Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Penitentiary, day of January 1803 . a sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred Fifteen

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Pounds Seven Shillingsand Eight Pence Halfpenny Sterling, a sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four Pounds being One Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds Irish Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two hun- Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the dred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to charge of fitting up and supportinga Penitentiaiy in Dub-hit paid to Rogers Wetherall, Esquire, first Clerk in the lift, for employment of persons sentenced to transportation.

Office of the Inipedtor General of Imports and Exports in and young Criminals convicted in a summary way before '

Ireland, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts Justices of the Peace, from the 5th day of January 1804 for Parliament. to the jth day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Foundling alum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four Pounds a sum, not exceding Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Hospital. Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two hun- Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Half-dred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to penny Sterling, being Twenty-two thousand Five hundred be paid to George Hatton, Esquire, Examinator of Excise, for Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for dc-his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing Accounts fraying the expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for Parliament. for one year, from the Jth day of January 1804 to the 5th

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That day of January 1803. a sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Marine Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being One hun- a sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Society, dred and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Eighty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence Majesty, to be paid to Samuel Hood, Esquire, Assistant Ex- Halfpenny Sterling, being One Thousand Nine hundred aminator of Excise, for his extraordinary trouble in pre- Thirty-leven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence paring Accounts for Parliament. Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for a sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-four Pounds one year, to the 5th day of January 1805.

Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two hun- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That school for dred Pounds i/v/ft Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Fifty-^ Soldiers be paid to Thomas Haffield, Esquire, Clerk in the Office of three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, chUdren* the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary being Four Thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament. be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expences of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, for one year, a sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eighty-three Pounds commencing the 5th day of January 1804 and ending the One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling, being Seven 5th day of January 1805.

hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Lock His Majesty, for the Clothing of the Battle-Axe Guards, a sum, not exceeding Six thousand Six hundred and Se- Hospital. to be delivered against the 4th day of June 1804. venty-one Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sterling, being Seven thousand two hundred twenty-seven a sum, not exceeding One thousand and Two Pound? Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for sup-Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being One thou- porting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for one Vol. 59. 3 year.

52

13* Decembris.

A. 1803.

Fever

Hospital.

House of Industry.

Roman

Catholic

Seminary.

Wide Streets in Dublin.

Dublin

Paving.

Dublin

Society.

Botanic

Garden.

Farming

Society.

Lying-in

Hospital.

year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties January x 805. upon Malt in Great for the service of the year one

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amend -a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Seventy-five ment: And also.

Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pension*. to. Sterling, being Five hundred and Fifteen Pounds Nine for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on DutiesBll!* Shillings and Three pence Halfpenny Irish Currency, be Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in and cer-

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the'expence of main- tain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in taining eighty Patients in the Fever Hospital and House of Great for the service of the year one thousand

Recovery in Dublin., for one year, commencing the 5th day eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And of January 1804. also,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act a sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Nine hundred for raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exche- 1 Eighty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence Half- quer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have penny Sterling, being Eighteen thousand Three hundred been or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Ninety-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Irish Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the four; without any Amendment: And also,

expence of supporting the House oF Industry in Dublin, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iri<l1 Sugar from the fth day of January 1804 to the 5th day of Ja- to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou- c* nuary 1805. sand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That forty-second, and forty-third years of His present Ma-a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Three hundred jesty’s Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Ster- on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland-, without any ling, being Eight thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be Amendment: And also,

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of the Ro- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indemnity man Catholic Seminary in Ireland, for one year, ending the to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have BllL 5th day of January 1805. omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That and for extending the times limited for those purposes re-a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Fifty- Ipeftively until the Twenty-fifth day of December one three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such being Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, persons in Great Britain, as have omitted to make and file be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Commissioners affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-

~ - tornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also,

----- ----- 0 ----- ----- ----- Thd Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act IrjS? Pr5fote$

Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Sterling, for suspending, until the First day of August one thousand sufpenfioa * beingNine thousand Seven hundred Pounds Irish Currency, eight hundred and four, the operation of an Act, made in. Bill, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Corporation the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, Acts, made in the Parliament of for restraining

from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of Ja- the negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of nuary 1805. Exchange, under a limited sum, within without

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Amendment: And also, a sum, not exceeding Five thousand and Seventy-six The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; to Bast indi» Pounds Eight Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Five regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with Bontls Bl11 ' thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted respect to the rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereto His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for pro-. v on; without any Amendment: And also, moting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland, for ■' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act one year, ending the 5th day of January 1805. to prevent the desertion and escape of Petty Officers,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seamen, and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Fifty- dr under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Procets; without

for making wideand convenient Streets in the City of,

for one year, from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Two hundred and

Seamen's

DeicrtionBill.

three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden at Glajfnevin, or other purposes of the said Society, with the approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1805.

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

in Gloucester Castle: Glouceftw

and King's

A Petition of the Debtors confined And also,*

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for debt in the King’s Bench Prison;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Bench

Debtors

Petitions.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, pursuant to Return* of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That their Order of the 10th day of August, in the last Session of y°’r^*cJs a sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Parliament, presented.

Thirty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and ElevenPence A Lift of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps as have Farthing Sterling, being Two thousand Three hundred and been accepted and placed upon the Establishment in Ireland;

Fifteen Pounds and Sixpence Irish Currency, be granted to Together with an Abstract of the said Lift.

His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Lying-in And the Titles were read.

Hospital in Dublin, for one year, from the 5th day of Ja- Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, nuary 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, of the House.

~ The said Lift is preserved among the other Papers of Appendix,

this Session; and the Abstract; thereof is inserted in (No. 11.) the Appendix to this volume.

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller have agreed to ao(J Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

Malt Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend two Acts,

passed

Committee on Bill to amend At\s respecting-Volunteers.

13°— 14° Decern h

44 Geo. III.

fro

bo

passed in the 42c! and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hitn to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. i/t/i b Jioufeaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill j and which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow I Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 14° die

Anno 440 Georgii III!il Regis, i 803.

Prayers.

HvfnIbap«i- "IV/T Grimftonreported from the Committee, to whom

uon reported. jLVJL the Petition of the Mayor, and several of the Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Dean being examined, said, That the Footways and Crosspaths of the Streets and other public pallages and places within the said Borough are not properly paved, and the said Streets, and other public passages and places, are not properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions, and, in fame places, are very incommodious for Travellers and Passcngers; and that it would be a great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and ail perl'ons rel'orting to and passing through the fame, if the said Footways and Crosspaths were paved, and the said Streets, Lanes, and public passages and places, were properly cleanled, lighted, watched, and regulated, and all nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions removed, and in future prevented.

Ordered, Tl\&t leave be given to bring in a Bill, for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets and other public pal-sages and places, within the Borough of Saint , in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. and Mr.

Poyntz do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Carlisle Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol at Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

B-.nfted A Petition of several Owners of Estates within the

htidcaT Manor herein after mentioned, was presented to the House,

and read; letting lorth. That there arc certain Open Common Fields, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Barfed, in the County of Surrey, which might be much improved if divided and inclosed: And Vol. 59.

1

therefore praying. That leave may be giver* to bring in a Bill for the purposes arbic'uid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William Rn/Jel and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mcflare from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys The Lords and Mr. Popham; hwe agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Englifo Bank to continue, until six months after the ratification of a KHtnihon Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Act?, made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England-, without any Amendment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Mutiny Bilt reading of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Th&tthe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 2d day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supply, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence to the Truf- Estimateof tees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, trim Linen for promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures, for one year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

jClr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hobhouse also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Account of to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Bounties on

An Account of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, and Sums of Money, expended under the Authority of the Act of the 41ft: Geo. III. cap. 99. for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of and

Wef minder, and other places in the United Kingdom, in the last Session, which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of directions from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTrcufury.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Appendix.

The laid Account is inlcrted in the Appendix to this (No. 16.)

volume.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Power to the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company is re- Cotnmujeeon ferred, have power to report the matter of the said Petition, pJtiUou!°ne as it shall appear to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General Return of Return of the Men raised for the Royal Army of Reserve, distinguishing the Counties, number of Men raised, re- ©rdcaL jested, dead, deserted, effective, and present, together with the Numbers due, including the Casualties.

P Ordered,

A. 1803*

Proceeding! on Bill to amend Acts reipecting Volunteers.

The Lords have agreed to

Curates Relief Bill.

Irish suspected Persons Bill.

Irish Rebellion Bill.

Englifti Sugar Drawback

Bill.,

(Expiring

Law.)

BUI to prohibit Diiiilla-tion from Oat 3 in Ireland.

Expirine Laws Bdl.

Irish Provisions Bill. (Expiring Law.)

Portu?pl Wine Bill.

54

14°—15° Decembris.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the42dand 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Pvpkam:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present relief of certain Curates in England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the " Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors " of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he

" or they shall susped, for conspiring against His Majesty’s " Person and Government, until six weeks after the com-" mencement of the next Session of Parliamentwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the suppref-" lion of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the " persons and property of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects " there, to continue in force until six weeks after the com-" mencement of the next Session of Parliamentwithout any Amendment: And also,

"The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the operation of two Acts, of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to. Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of provision, without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to th.e prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts,passed in the forty-first and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom, and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused; without any Amendment.

And then the Mellengers withdrew.

10

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps, be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the forty-second and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 15° die Decembris;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

AM ES S A G E by Mr. Quarme, Y eoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , their Royal High-nesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Rofslyn, and the Lord Walftngham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth j viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the yearone thousand eight hundred and four; '

An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England:

An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief " Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and * detain such Persons as he or they shall suspedl, for con-" spiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, * until six weeks after the commencement of the next *• Session of Parliament

An

bly ^.

44 Geo. III. 15°—1 9° De

An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the suppression of Rebellion in Ir-eland, and for the Pro-" testi in of the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s " faithful Subjects there, to continue inforceuntil six weeks " after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament

An Act to continue, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in Several Acts, made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on payments of Calli by the Bank of England:

An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, so* discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland:

An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty’s Service, by means, or under colour, of any Civil or Criminal Proceis:

An Act for suspending, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, the operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland:

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes, respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of . December one thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and tile the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors cf Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits ftom Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant ants Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the operation of two Acts, of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-llraining the Negociation of Piomifiory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited bum, in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to. Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Ifie of Malta, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty:

An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the fqrty-first and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom, and to allow Wine to be so

landed and warehoused.

Vol. 59.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Kettering Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manor and prefab*1*1' Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton: And --the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the Adjournment. House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made yesterday. Supply, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the de*erred. whole House, tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Housewas moved. That the Order, made yesterday, ways and for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*, whole House, tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and deferred* Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Re- Report port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to * err His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 19° die Decembris;

Anno, 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Lieutenant Colonel Return of Barlow, Assistant Inspector General of the Army of Relerve, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at presented. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

General Return of the Royal Army of Relerve, made up from the latest Returns received by the Inspector General.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix volume. (No. 1 7.)

The House being informed that Mr. Parr, Secretary to Papers the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended, at the door; he was called in; and, at preferred, the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing every article of expenditure under its proper title: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1802—Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preforved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of - lancaster,

caster: And also, and Meet

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of Debtor* Chefer: And also. Petitions.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Fleet Prison;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition

M«jUen#s Pond Roads Petition.

Saw try Divi-lion and Drainage Bill, committed.

Totliam Ir cloture Faition.

Carmarthen

Writ.

Account of Beer charged with Duty, presented.

Report,

Supply.

Irish Linen Manufacture.

5.6 Wn—20° Decembri . 1803.

A Petition of fevctalof the Trustees forputting in execution two A As of the 2cl and 5 th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mu!ten's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile-stone from the City of Salisbury, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the fame in execution, and have borrowed several considerable sums of Money on the credit thereof, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I Joule:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Mr. God-

dard, &c: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry A!l , and Sa/tree, otherwise

Sazvtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a second time.

Resolved, '[’hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Hob house, Mr. Annejley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Clumber.

A Petition of FilmcrHonywood of Marks in the County of Essex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is in the Parish of Tot ham, and within the Manors of Tot ham and in the said

County, certain Waste Lands called Tiptree Heath-, and that the Petitioner, and the several Persons interested therein, feme time since agreed to inclose the fame, and it hath been accordingly set out and allotted by certain persons agreed upon by them: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm the Agreement and Allotments so made.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mr. Bullock, and Mr. Harvey,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the cleft -ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, in the room of George Phillips, Esquire, who, since his Eicftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejbo-rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed that Mr. Purdue, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Strong Beer, Table Beer, and Small Beer, charged with Duty in this Kingdom, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is prefexved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Nine hundred thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Twenty-one thousand Six hundred Pounds lrish currency, be granted to H;s Majesty, to be paid to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, lor promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures,

from the 5th day of January 1SC4 to the 5th day of January 1805, under such ltegulations and Appropriation as Hull be directed by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Fidbeck, in the County of Lincoln, and for making compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the forty-second and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain-, with Come Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mellcngers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. Leave out from the word "from" to the first " in," in line 29, and insert " serving."

Pr. 4. 1. 1. Leave out " or supply," and inlert " and from supplying."

1. 3. Leave out "until,-’and insert " so long as." 1. 4. Leave out from " be" to " returned," in line 5. and insert " duly."

1. 6. Leave out " any," and insert " the."

1. 7. Leave out " Roll," and insert " Rolls

and in the fame line, leave out from " Corps" to " Provided" in line 9.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Amendments be now read a second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a second time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a second time; and, upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the First day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the First day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Martis, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

AM ESS AG E by Mr. QYeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-million, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue Of His Majesty’s Commission

The Lord* have agreed to

Fulbeck Ixiclolurc Bill.

Bill to amend

Acts respecting Volunteers, with Amendments.

Question

(Neg.)for

Adjournment*

Amendments agreed to.

Supply,

deterred.

Ways and

Means,

deterred.

Royal A (Teat to bills.

44 Geo. lit.

20° Decein

57

Papers presented:

Northern light houses.

Whale Ships from Scotland.

Mullen's Pond Roads Petition, reported.

Derchester

Writ.

million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, tvhere a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to one Public Bill, and one Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hawke/bury, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts* passed in the forty-second and forty-third years of the }teign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Fulbeck, in the County of Lincoln, and for making compensation fortheTythes arising within the same Parish.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Mit/ord, from the Commissioners for the Northern Lighthouses, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners for erecting Lighthouses on the Northern parts of Great Britain.

Mr. Robert Mit/ord, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective names and burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported from the ioth October 1802 to the 10th October 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Viscount Folkestone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution two Acts of the ad and 5th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile-stone from the City of and other Roads

therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. John Hodding,junior,being examined, said. That the

Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into execution, and have borrowed several considerable Turns of money on the credit thereof, which dill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 5th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile-stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And that Lord Viscount Folkestone and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect-Vol. 59.

ing of a Burgess, to serve id this present Parliament, for the Borough of Dorchtfler,in the County of Dorset, in the room

of the Honourable Cropley A/hley, who, since his election for the said Borough; hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries in His Majesty*s Ordnance.

A Petition of the Debtors in the Gaol at Stafford, was Stafford presented to the House; and read; complaining of their ptetju0". distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Samuel Mitchell, JoJiak Abraham, William Petitions Walli/h, and several other Persons, whose names are there-unto subscribed, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Eicaion for setting forth, That at the last Election for Burgesses to Ij&eard. serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard in the County of Cornwall, held on or about the 6th July 1802, the Honourable John Eliot, the Honourable William Eliot, Thomas Sheridan, and William Ogilvie, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the Mayor, who acted as Returning Officer, returned the said Honourable John Eliot, and the said Honourable William Eliot, as duly elected to serve in Parliament as Burgesses for the said Borough of against which return two Petitions were presented to the House, one on behalf of the said Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, and one on behalf of Samuel.

Mitchell, Josiah Abraham, William Walli/h, and the several other Perfbhs whose names were thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants Householders of the said Borough of Lijkeard, paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; stating, amongst other things, that the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie ought to have been duly elected to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough, they having a majority of legal votes; and that on Fiiday the 25th day of February last, a Select Committee of the House was appointed to try the merits of the said Petitions; and that the said Committee, on the hearing of the said Petitions, required the parties to deliver in separate statements of the several rights of election for the said Borough for which they respectively contended; and- that the state-rnent delivered in by the Petitioners to Parliament before the said Committee, dated the right of election in the said Borough of Lijkeard to be in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; and that the statement delivered in by the fitting Members dated the right of election to be in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough of Lijkeard-, and that the said Committee, after having heard the evidence adduced by the said several Parties in proof of the right of election so dated to the said Committee as aforesaid, determined that the right of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Lijkeard was not in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; the said Committee also determined, that the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Lif-keard was in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; and the said Resolutions were accordingly reported by the said Select Committee to the House: The Petitioners therefore, being advised that the said Resolutions and Determination of the said Select Committee of the House, on the said right of election, is contrary to Law, pray that they may be admitted as Parties to oppose that right of election which has been deemed valid, in the judgment of the said Committee, as aforesaid, and to support and establish the said right of election for which they contended before the said Select Committee, and which was negatived by the said Select Committee of the House, or such other right as shall be confident with Law; and that such relief may be granted them as the justice of the case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the ioth day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Joseph Childs, of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, Gentleman, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is an Inhabitant of the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot there; that on the 6th day of July 1802, an election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, was duly had; that at the said election the Honourable John Eliot and the

Q. Honourable

20° Decembris—P

1803-4

Honourable William Eliot,'Thomas , Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, were Candidates to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; that the Returning Officer of the said Borough, afterwards, upon the said election, returned that the said John Eliot and William Eliot were duly elected to l’erve in Parliament for the said Borough; that against the said return two Petitions were afterwards duly presented to the House, one on the part of certain Inhabitants of the said Borough, the other on the part of the said Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, complaining of the said return; that thereupon a Select Committee of this House was afterwards duly struck, and sworn well and truly to try the matters of the said Petitions, and which said Select Committee, on the 26th day of February, in the year 1803, duly met for the purpose of trying and determining the fame; that it appeared to the said Select Committee, on the hearing and trial of the said Petitions, that the merits of the said Petitions did depend on the right of election; therefore the said Committee did require the counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee statemenfs, in writing, of the right of. election for which they respectively contended; that, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, and also for the other'Petitioners before-mentioned, delivered in a statement, Rating the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough to be in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; that the Counsel lor the fitting Members, the Honourable John Eliot and the Honourable William Eliot, delivered in a statement, Rating that the right of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; that afterwards, namely, on or about the 9th day of March, the said Select Committee did deter-.mine, that the right of election, as let forth in the said statement of the said Petitioners, was not the right of cle&ion for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of that, upon the statement delivered‘in by the Counsel for the fitting Members, the Select Committee did determine, that the right of election, as set forth in that statement, was the right of election for the said Borough of Lijkeard-, which said Resolutions or Determinations were afterwards, on the 10th day of March 1803, duly reported to the House, and by the House ordered to be entered in the Journals thereof; and that the Petitioner, with all clue deference to the said determinations of the said Select Committee, humbly conceives, that the right of election, as set forth in the said statement, delivered in by the Counsel for the fitting Members, and as determined by the said Select Committee as aforesaid, is not the right of election for the said Borough of Lijkeard, but that the right of election, as set forth in the said statement, delivered in by the Counsel for the said Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, and for the several other Petitioners before-mentioned, is the legal right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will admit him as a party to oppose that right of election, that has been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Select Committee as aforesaid; and that the House will appoint as early a day as possible to take the premises into consideration, and grant him such other relief as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the Jail preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Memorandum:

That notice of the said Petition, and of the time appointed for taking the fame into consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of accord-

ing to the directions of an Act, passed in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions,

Ordered, That the Accoufit, which was presented to the Account of House upon Wedneklay last, by Mr. to be*

relative to the Bounties on f ilh, be printed for the Mem- printed, bers of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjournment House this day, adjourn till YVednetday, the 1 ft day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday the lftday of February next. Ten of the clock in the Morning.

Mercun 2, 1° die Fe

Anno 44" Georgii III'" Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A BILL hr inclosing Lands within the Manor and Kettering Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton Inclwfun-Kill, was read a lccond time. committee.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Dickins, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hobhot/epresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to granc the inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Walton, Walton Leigh, and ChcrtJ'ey in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highneis Frederick Duke of York and Alban)-, for a valuable consideration: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Duke of York’s ElhtC Bill, presented.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Lemon, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Wallingford Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect- Writ, ing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford,in the County of Berks, in the room of Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes in Permanent

Britain, in the Years ending the fthday of January 1803, and the 4th day of January 1804, respectively; dittinguish- eri' ing each Quarter.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Free- M; holders of tire County of JShddicf.x, whole names are there- Election* unto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Motions, the 23d day of November last, complaining of an undue deferred* EleChon and Return for the said County, might be again read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 28th year of llis present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections or Returns ot Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the fame was read accomingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d day of November last, for taking into consideration. Tommorrow, the Petition ot William Main-waxing, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the la.el County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

The iloufe was also moved, That the Order,made upon the 23d day of November last, for taking imo consideration. Tommorrow, the said Petition of tire Freeholders ot tae ftfij County, might be read.

And^ the said Order being read according’}';

Ordered, That the said Order be dilchaigeU.

Ordered,

M^burst

legion

Peiirion*

deterred.

P-wers rcifiling the: Importation . or Grain to Portugal,

; prcicnted;

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

West India Dock

Company’*

Petition.

44 Geo. III.

Y-—2° Ft.

59

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confederation at the same time as the last mentioned Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d day of November last, for taking into confederation, Tommorrow, the Petition of Thomas Holt , of Enfield Chafe, in the County of Esquire, com-

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Midhnrft, in the County of might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Mr. Nicholas Vimfttart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hammond, Undet Secretary of State, dated 13th January 1804, to Mr.

Secretary to the Treasury, transmitting a Letter from the Portuguese Minister, requesting permission to export Grain to Portugal; with Translation thereof: And also,

Copy ot a Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Commissioners of Customs, dated 15th January' 1804, authorizing the exportation of from fix to seven thousand Quarters of Grain to Portugal.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve iiftlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-fclve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 2° die Februcirii;

Anno 440 Georgii III'" Regis, 1 804. Prayers,

A PETITION of the major part of the DireClers of the West India Dock Company, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have made great progress in forming Docks and other Works, in pursuance of two Acts, passed in the 39th and 42d years of His present Majesty, and have expended a large proportion of the money they were, by the said Acts, authorized to raise •, but, in consequence of the increased extent and magnitude of the said Docks and other Works beyond the original plan on which the Estimates were formed, the present state of the IVef India Trade, and the probability of its further increase at the Port- of , the present

Funds of the Company will be insufficient for the completion of their great and extensive Works, in such manner as may afford adequate accommodation to the Public: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the said Company to raise such further Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the purposes aforesaid, and for completing the said Docks, and other Works.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles , Price, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Vol. 59.

Mr. John Baker presented to the House, According to canterbury Order, a Bill for keeping in repair the Roads leading from and wi-ir-Saint Dunflans Cross to North Lane, near to the City of

Canterbury, and to the Sea Side at WhitJiable, in the printed. County of Kent: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Treassurers of the several Counties Return of and Counties of Cities in Ireland, do return to this Hou*e a Statement, whether any, and what sums of Money, have ;n Ireland,* been levied by Grand Jury Assessment, and paid over to any, ordered, or what Houses of industry, in their respective Counties, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein.

Lord Viscount Folkefone presented to the House, ac- Mullen’s cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and Pon^ Roads enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in. the 2d and 5th printed, years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile-stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned :~And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within the Portrane and Parillies of Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dub- J>n°"*j,ate tin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, petition! That within the said Parishes are lituate certain Commons and Waste Grounds, denominated The Commons of Portrane and Belijk, which, in their present state, yield but little profit to the Persons interested therein; but, if divided and inclosed, might be rendered highly productive:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Falkiner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, being Proprietors of, or R»mfey, &c. interested in, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Drainage Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, and Upwood, in the County of PetiUon* Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Lands arid Grounds, from their low and flat situation, are liable to be overflowed with water, so that no certain advantage can be derived therefrom; but, if powers were granted for effectually draining and improving the same* it would be of great benefit to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Annefey, Lord Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Free- Proceedings holders of the County of Middlesex, whose names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House Freeholders of upon the 23d day of- November last, complaining of an Middlesex. undue Election and Return for the said County, might be again read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made yesterday, for taking the said Petition into consideration. Tommorrow, at the same time as the Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire, also complaining of the said Eiection, is ordered to be taken into consideration, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the said Order be discharged;

The

by

A. 1804

60 2 —3° Februarii.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling, thereunto subscribing, which was presented to the House upon the ift day of December 1790, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Charles Innes, Clerk to His Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meafcn, Esquire, of Rothiefloolm, Captain Alexander Grame, of Greemvall, Malcolm Laing, Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerfe, Baronet, and of Charles Esquire,

being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, which was presented to the House upon the 8th day of December 1790, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the Petitioners thereunder subscribed, who are Freeholders for the County of Radnor, which was presented to the House upon the 14th day of December 1790, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Petition of those whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, which was presented to the House upon the 14th day of December 1790, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of

muncLLechmere, junior, Esquire, Freeman of the City of _ Worcester, which was presented to the House upon the

20th day of October 1796, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Petition of Richard Manfel Philipps, a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen,

which was presented to the House upon the 7th day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, complaining ' of an undue Election and Return for the said County,

might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUm for (he Yeas }

Tellers for the Noes,| Genera!: }

So it palfed in the Negative.

c,n\n The House was moved, That the several Papers, which

indemnity were, yesterday, presented to the House by Mr. Nicholas Bill, ordered. Vansittart, by His Majesty’s command, respecting the exportation of Grain to Portugal, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. -house, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committeeon Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Expenditure app0inted to enquire into the Expenditure of the United Kingdom11 to Kingdom, from the ift day of January iS®i, and the fit and pro- Sums contributed thereto by Great Britain and Ireland •ecd- respectively, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, That they do fit, and proceed on the matters referred to them, upon Monday Morning next.

Civil Lilt The House was moved. That His Majesty’s most gra-appointed.' C10us Message to this House, of the 15th day of February 1802, respecting His Majesty’s Civil List, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to considerof the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Re-

*3

venue: And that they do report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Scott, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Manning,

Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Steele, Mr.

Phimer, Mr. Ellison, Lord "John Thyme Sir John Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Nicholas Vanjitlart: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

The Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven- ^|Jetr‘rnejE:3 night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 3° die Februarii;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Middlesex Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire; and also £-lctlion' the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middle- fidcred" C°n' sex, whose names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms w’as sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner. -

And the name of Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete; the counsel for the fitting Member declined- nominating any Member to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn, was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or having voted at the said election; and one on account of, the return of the Member not having been brought in fourteen days.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Midhurst lideration the Petition of Thomas Holt White, of Enfield coiifi'deratio,* Chafe, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, complaining adjourned, of an undue election and return for the Borough of Mid-* hurst, in the County of Sujj'ex;

Ordered,

’ 4

f.

’’•IS

44 Geo. III.

3°-

-4° FebruariL

61

Middlesex

Election-

Commitree

appointed.

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the

Afternoon. lider further ot Way

The counsel and agents before mentioned, being returned grahte<^ to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^’<1. fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Suoply

to the Bar, the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift, as follows: Sir Wat Lin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Peter William Esquire, the Honourable Montgomerie Granville ’John Stewart, Charles Cockerell, Esquire, Robert Sharpe Ainjlie, Esquire, Charles Stewart THazvthorne, Esquire, John Atkyns Esquire, Sir David Carnegie, Baronet, Lord Viscount Mar Pam, the Honourable Edward Spencer Cowper, Lord John Thyme, John Bern Waljh, Esquire, the Honourable Newton Fe/lozves.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned; the counsel and agents were again called in.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, that the said thirteen Members had

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 4° die Febmarii;

Anno 44° Georgii III‘U Regis> 1804.

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Midhurst Petition of Thomas Holt White, of Enfield Chase, in the County of Esquire, complaining of an undue consideredi

election and return for the Borough of in the County of being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select cl/wrt" E%iirM0 ft^eon Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said ./ r-An Petition,

le ai omrm ee. The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the

And the names of Isaac HawkinsBrotvne, Esquire, and

Nicolson Calvert, Esquire, were added to the said thirteen

Nottingham ant I Dt.by Kc <is Petition.

places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and nine Members being present j

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of Benjamin Esquire, being,

drawn, he was nominated to lerve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioner.

And the'whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counlel for the fitting Member nominated William Dickinson,junior, Esquire, to lerve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drav/ing the said names* the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards; and the names of several others were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

names.

And the said fifteen Members,being the Seledl Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue elcClion and return for the County of Middlesex, were . sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Atfts herein after me..noned, was pretented to the Hpufe, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the 4th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Notting-

ham, to the Crols Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from llkefion to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham; and that an Act was passed, in the 24th year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said former Act, except so tar as related to the Road leading from llkefion to the Town of Shipley, and that the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in execution, and fe-verai considerable sums have been borrowed on the credit of the Toils thereby authorized to be taken, which cannot

be repaid, nor can the ii^acts, remaining under the care of A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Essex, Shuttington the Petitioners, be properly amended, improved, and kept and the humble Petition of the several persons, whose names ^!°/unre in repair, unlefe the term of the said Acts be continued, the are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in, the FetltIon* powers and provifuus thereof altered and amended, and the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

Tolis increal'ed: And therefore praying, That leave may be and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the given to bring in a liiil for the purposes aforesaid. County of , was presented to the House, and read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- setting forth, That if the said Lands and Grounds were di-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the vided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in 2 Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir George Augufhts William Shuckburgh , and Mr.

Dugdale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Eyre, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Report of Commissioners of Account jn Ireland, presented.

Jppendix>

(No. 18.)

Supply,

deferred.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

The Twenty-ninth Report of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The laid Report is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vox.. 59.

A Petition of Sir Edward Smith, Baronet, James , Normanto* Esquire, and others. Freeholders and Copyholders wit in the Manors or Townships of Normanton and otherwise Newland cum H oodhoitfe Moor, in the Parish of Normanton,in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within ti e said Manors or Townships, divers Ope,n Common Fields and Ings, and also divers Commons and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

R The

62

4°—6" Februarii. A. 1804.

Midhurst

Coramittee

appointed.

Thecounfel and agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift the nominees being added, the lame was called over, and is as follows:

The Right honourable Thomas the Right

honourable John Smyth, Lord Charles Somerset Manners, the Earl Temple, the Honourable William Augustus Townshend, William Clive, Esquire, John of Lancashire,

Esquire, the Honourable George WatJ'on, the Right honourable Nathaniel Bond, Andrew Strahan, Esquire, Edward Berkeley Portman, Esquire, Sir Martin Folkes, Ba-

ronet, Ambrose S' John, Esquire, Benjamin Hobhonj'e, Esquire, William Dickinson, junior, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Mid-ktirji,were sworn' by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Luner, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 44° Georgii Illtil Regis, i 8 04.

Prayers.

Cleobury . A PETITION of several Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, made in the 2d and 23d years of His Petition. present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glaze ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hillin the Counties of Salop and Worcester,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable sum of money on credit of the Tolls, which has been applied in repairing the said Roads; but the fame cannot be effectually amended and kept in repair, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jodrell, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Bill rffpeaing The House was moved, That an Act, made in the iath intereT of )'car of Queen Anne, to reduce the Rate of Interest, without ordered! any prejudice to Parliamentary Security, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 14th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining the said Ad, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the last mentioned Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, and the Mailer of the Rolls, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Derby,5ana'’ Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s

New Compter Gaols at Nottingham: And also,

" A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of

Derby: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for debt in the New Compter, Giltfpur Street, London;

Were severally prefonted to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Grenville, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition

Debtors Petitions.

Miclhurst

Ejection

ckte/muied.

Holt White, of Enfield Chafe, in the County of Middle fix,

Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Edmund Tumor, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petition appeared to the said Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That there before this House, an Account of Account* the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources, conlti- irdanf,£ tuting the Public Income of Ireland, for the year ended the ordered:

5th of January 1804; distinguishing, under each head of Public Revenue, the Amount of Gross Receipt, the Rate per-cen- income-turn for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing, also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per-contum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th days of January 1803 and 1804, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said year; together with the Amount of the Balances remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th days of January 1803 and 1804 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Consolidated count of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the year 1'und* ended the 5th of January 1804; and also, of the actual payments thereout within the said year; and of the total charge thereon in respect of the said year; specifying also, the surplus (if any) of the said Consolidated Fund.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Arrears and count of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of Ja- Balances-nuary, 1804 from the several Collectors employed in the collection of the Public Revenues of Ireland,novr deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their names; the Sums originally due, and at what time; their subsequent payments in reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Trade and count of the value of all Imports into, and ail Exports Navigation, from, Ireland, for the year ending the 5th of January 1804, distinguishing the value of lrish Produce and Manufactures exported from the value of Foreign Articles exported $ together with the difference between the official value and the real value of lrish Produce and Manufactures exported in the year ending the 5th of January 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5 th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland on the 30th of September 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and BoyS employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered inwards, and cleared outwards, in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing Briri/h and lrish, and Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Public Excount shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Penditure* Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, on the 5th of January 1803, together with the Monies paid into the fame

*5

!C: i

1

public

Funded Debt*

tJnfiinded

Debt.

ifoofirioa

[Grants.

heipts and si lues of teafury*

sports and buorts.

knordi Raft of Army.

3vil Contin-pi Charges.

Tfrafury

Bills.

'harges on -onsoiidated und.

1hx Seed Sported.

fenen

(ported.

44 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.63

during the year ending 5th of January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service— ift, interest on Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, and the Sums applicable to its Reduction—-2dly, The interest in Exchequer Bills—3dly, Issues from local Funds, for purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament prior to the Union—4thly, Issues from appropriated Funds for local purposes—5thly, Civil List, Pensions, and other permanent Charges—6thly, Payments in anticipation of Exchequer Receipts—7thly, The Ordnance—8thly, The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Coips, for Barracks for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Pay of Public Officers; specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army—9thly, Mifcella-neous Service—And lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Money applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Ireland from those which belong to it with Great Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Public Funded Debt of , as the fame stood on the 5th of January 1804, distinguishing the years in which each part thereof was created; distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted; the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual interest and Annuities; and the several portions thereof payable in London and Dublin, respectively; the Charge of Management, and the Annual Charge for the ReduSion of the said Debt.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Unfunded Debt of , and Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1804, under the heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Prizes, distinguishing under each head, respectively, the particulars of which such Debt or Demand consisted, and also what part of the said Debts and Demands was then provided for, and in what manner j and what part thereof was then unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the year 1803, in and for Ireland, have been disposed of,' distinguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ah-stratfl of the Receipts and Issues 01 the Treasury of Ireland, for one year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804, together with the remains.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the application of the Sum of £.650,000, Irish Currency, granted, in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the y.ear 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the application of thefumof £.54,166. 13J. 4 Irish Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, to defray the C.vil Contingent Charges for the service of Ireland, for the year 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, payable in the year 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, as they stood on the 5th of January 1804, lo far as the fame can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Flax Seed imported into Ireland in the years 1S02 and 1803, letting forth the quantity thereof branded " found," and specifying the Ports.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity and value of Linen exported from Ireland \n the years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803, respectively, specifying the Places to which the fame were exported, and

Vol. 59.

distinguishing the quantity and value 6n which Bounty

was paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Com, kc. count of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, and Flour, imported 81151

into, and exported from, Ireland, in the years 1799, 1800, exptr‘e »8ot, 1802, and 1803, respectively.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting into execution ^*r^®r‘dS* an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for petition, repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Coj ot'herwife Cortlittg* Jiock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That several sums of money have been borrowed, and still remain due, on credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be kept in good repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and Ibme of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear tQ them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Eyre, &c.: '

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Vif- piumptrw count Newark, and the humble Petition of several other Owners of Estates within the Manors or Townships of n Plumptree and Clipstone,_ in the Parish of Plumptree, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manors or Townships several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds; and that if the lame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Pierrepont, and Mr. Eyre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, Woodcote passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so rtr^Rosa far as relates to the Road from the present Turnpike Road t-eution. at Woodcote, near Newport, in the County of Salop, through Shifnal to Bridgnorth, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, with the repayment of which the lame ftiil continue charged; and that the said Road cannot be amended and repaired, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powders thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jodrell, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within the KingSuttoa Manors and Parish of King Sutton, in the County of Nor- p"^ thampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manors and Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and it would tend to the advantage of the Persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bringin a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gunning and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

We ftmorland Roads Petition*

Bringhurst, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Cranfield

Inclosure

Petition.

Mullen’s Tond Road?

Bill,

committed.

JTatMncoe

Incblure

re;itiOi*.

64

Cf—-7° FebruariL

A. 1804.

A Petition of several Trustees under the Acts herein after mentioned, for such parts of the Roads therein mentioned as lie within the County of IVefm,was presented to' the House, and read; setting torth. That several Acts were made in the ad and 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hejket, by Tewes Bridge, to Cocker mouth, and from thence, by Lorton, over , to

Keswick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by DummailRays and Amblejide, to in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland; and from Plumbgarths Cross, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, to the Lake called,

in the County of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the county of ; and

that the money, borrowed on the credit of the Tolls cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in repair, without an additional term be granted, and the powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Michael le Fleming, Mr. Penn, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine > of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of festates in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of BGreat Eajien and Drayton, in the County of Leicejlwas presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame weredivided and inclosed, they would be rendered of greater value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill fdr those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Smith and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of feverat Owners of Estates in the Parish of

Cranfieldin the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read-; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, if divided and inclosed, would be rendered of greater value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.. St. Andrew St. John and Mr; Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 5th years of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the eighteen mile-stone from the City of , and several other

Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Fotkejlme, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Haddifeoc, in the County of Norfolk, was' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and it would be of great advantage to the parties interested if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry Afleyand Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Account* Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the K^o^.f0 m door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the CommiCon: House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts ot Par- ff' liament, * irehmi.

Twenty-one Accounts, referred to in the twenty-ninth P e!cr-tcJ* Report of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland, which was presented to the House by Mr. Dickens upon Friday last.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accotding c.-nin Tn-to Order, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have been deinmty E;:' concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order Prelemui-of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a iecond time Tomorrow.

The Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next. Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to dcferr«L consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Wednesday next, w.yvcmd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- det'Jr,"J. fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, ten of the clock.

Mentis, 7° die Februarii;

Anno 440 Georgii IIltW Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration Somiiwcrk the Petition of Sir Thomas Fur ton, of Star borough .-o

Cafle, in the County of Surrey, Baronet, complaining of adjourned, an undue election and return for the Borough of Southwark, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the bufincls of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and ninety-eight Members only being present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration; and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the afternoon.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Purinm sideration the Petition of the several persons whole names c^'ur.it:oi are thereunto subscribed. Citizens and Freemen of the adjourned. City of Durham, having a right to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tommorrow, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

, The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 36th Names of year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execu- Members tion of several Acts of Parliament, made for the trials of Ballots i« he controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in reported, &e. Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, when the House shall have proceeded. Tommorrow, to the appointment of Selcdt Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be then taken into consideration, and the names of the Member-. shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr.

6 Speaker

House to be called over.

Southwark and Durham Election* Petitions considered.

uthamElec*

on-Petition

coa£Utrcd.r

44 Geo. III. —8° Februarii:

Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be set aside; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That this House be called over Tommorrow.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be ferit for in custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Febniarii;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Sir Thomas of,

in the County of Surrey, Baronet; complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of,

being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the bufinefe of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and one hundred and seventy Members being present;

And the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed. Citizens and Freemen of the City of Durham, having a right to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

• And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petition respecting the election for Southwark into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the Petitioner declined nominating a Member to serve on the said Committee; and ’John Berkley Burland, Esquire, was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member. Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of Sir William Stott, Knight, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Right honourable Charles Yorke, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, were drawn, and they being again sworn, were excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel, on the Southwark election, the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

ThC Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for Durham, was read.

Vo l.59.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, determined by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in 1

order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 43d year of 11 is present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament1.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete; •

Jonathan Raine, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel fdr the Petitioners; and Lord Viscount by the counlel

for the fitting Member, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the courlc of drawing the said names, the names of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls, were drawn; who being again (worn; were excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel, the door was opened; and the Parties, their counlel and agents, withdrew'.

A Petition of John Boy dell, Esquire, one of the Alder- Shakfpeart

men of the City of London, and of Jojiah Boy dell, his Ne- 9^r/ P«* phew and Co-partner, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner in the

early part of his life, began to form a plan of bringing the Arts of Painting and Engraving to perfection in this Country; and, being flattered by his very great success, resolved, in conjunction writh the Petitioner Boydell, to form,

a school of Painting and Engraving, not doubting but that they could make it, by its pre-eminence., a National concern and honour; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of this plan, have, at a very great expence, promoted and encouraged the Arts of Painting and Engraving, which, for several years past, has given great encouragement to the Artists therein, and greatly contributed to the securing to’ this Country a pre-eminence over all other Nations in tuofe arts; and that the Petitioners, in the course of this pursuit, besides various other large works, published in a most (plendid manner, the Plays of Shakjpeare, ornamented with -engravings from pictures by Englijk Artists, and for which pictures, and the exhibiting the fame with their other works, the Petitioners erected a building in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, at a very considerable expence, and,

in completing that establishment, in addition to their former and other works, have so extended their concerns, and increased the size, value, and txpence of their collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, as to make them much too great a concern for them to retain; and that it may not, at this time, be deemed expedient that the lame should be purchased for the use and benefit of the Public, and the said collection cannot be easily disposed of by the common way of sales, but at a very great lo(s; and that, unless some encouragement, under the lanction of Parliament, be given to the Petitioners, to enable them to dispose of their said collection to the bed advantage, their endeavours to serve the Public will prove highly detrimen- ’ ’ tal to themselves: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the sale and disposition of the said Collection, and the several Pieces composing the fame, together with their premises, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by wray of Lottery.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the (lime, as it shall appear to . them, to the House:

And it is referred tq Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles Price, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of Account of all the Subdivision Rolls returned frorn the Rout'otclerett several Counties of Great Britain into the office of one of

His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, jn pursuance of Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96.

S Th?

66

8° Febmar'd.

A. 1804.

Xxmdtft

Sewers

Fetation.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar. presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord. Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the nth year of His present Majesty, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the powers granted by several Acts for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other places, and preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same; and that an Act was patTcd in 33d year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; and that it would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the said Acts, and to complete the attainment of the purposes thereby intended, if the powers and authorities of the said Acts, together with such further powers and provisions as may be deemed necessary or requisite, were consolidated and reduced into- one Ad: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Temple Bar, The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City London attended at the door,; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House:

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That several Act were passed in the 35th, 38th, 39th and 40th, and in the 4*d years of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near 1 temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or

Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising money on the credit of the Orphans Fund for those purposes; and that great progress hath been made in the execution of the works directed to be done by the said Acts, but, in order to enable the Petitioners to complete the same, it is necessary that power should be given them to raise a further sum of money for those purposes; and that the said Acts have been round defective, and require explanation and amend-. ment: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power -to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. from the

of National*" Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Debt, present- attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, ed* presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

The annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the year ending the 31ft January 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Appendix. The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 19.) volume.

Miidiloneand Avlt- [bury Debtors Petitions.

read; setting forth. That by an Act made in the 29th year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads in the said County, the Trustees on whom the charge and care of the District of Road from Montrose to Brechin was particularly devolved by the General Meetings of the County, have, in repairing the said District of Road, expended considerable Turns of money; but apart of the Road is still in an unfinished state, and cannot be completed, or kept in repair, unless the Tolls are increased, and the Petitioners authorized to borrow further sums of money on the credit thereof, and the term of the said Act prolonged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir David Carnegie, Lord Archibald Hamilton, &c.: And they are to meet To-inorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Maidstone Goal:

And allb,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol at Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for keeping in repair the Roads leading from Saint Canterbury Dunflan's Cross to North Lane,near to the City of - rtaHeRows bury, and to the sea fide at Whitstable, in the County of Bill, com-Kent, was read a second time. mated.

Resolved , That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in. the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Carli/le, in CarliflePaving the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City, Petitic,n-was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places within the said City and Suburbs, are at present very ill lighted, and the Footpaths thereof ill flagged or paved; and that the entrance into the said City by the present gate called The English Gate, is incommodious and dangerous; and it would tend greatly to the benefit and lafety not only of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, but also of all persons referring thereto and passing through the fame, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, were well and sufficiently lighted, and the Footpaths thereof properly flagged or paved, and if a proper avenue, way, and passage, was made through the Citadel into the said City: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir Michael le Fleming, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the inheritance in Duke of York'* fee Ample of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Here- Eft»te Bill, ditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, conuiutte<*

Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable consideration, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow Seven-night, the 16th day of this instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.-

Moatroft and A Petition of several Trustees of the Turnpike Roads in Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, West India Petition the County of Forfar, was presented to the House, and to whom the Petition of the major part of the Directors of

11 the tiont reported.

44 Geo. III.

8° Februdrii.

6T

the West India Dock Company, Was referred J That the

Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An Account 6f Haft India Crootfcprohibited to be worn in this Kingdom in the respective warehouses in the Out-Ports at Michaelmas 1801, what have been since brought; in, what exported, and also what remained at Michaelmas 1803 i Ana also,

An Account of prohibited India Goods which remained out of the Bengal and Coast warehouses in New

StreetBishopfgate Street, private trade warehouses, and the Custom-houte in the Port of at Michaelmas 1802;

in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been Cnee delivered out, what returned, and \vhat remained To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Aftsi out at Michaelmas 1803: And also, palfed in the 39th and 42d years of His present Majesty, An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into Naval Store* for better regulating the Port of London, were read: And, the Port ot , from Michaelmas 1802 to Michaelmas *rom Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the 1803: And also,

Petitioners have made great progress in forming the said An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruftia into Docks and other Works, in pursuance of the said Acts, the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, and have expended a large proportion of the money they from Michaelmas 1802 to Michaelmas 1803: And also, were by the said Acts authorized to raise; but in confe- An Account of the number of Ships which have been^ While Skip*, quence of the increased extent and magnitude of the said employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and Docks and other Works, beyond the original plan on which the Greenl Seas; distinguishing their names, tonnage, the Estimates were fdfmed, the present state of the Weft ports from whence they were fitted out, ports where they India Trade, and the probability of its further increase at were discharged, and also the quantity of Blubber im-the Port of London, the present Funds of the Company ported in each ship, in the year 1803: And also, will be insufficient for the completion of their great and A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the service Liftof Persons extensive works in such manner as may afford adequate of the Customs, and have been placed upon the Superan- |* erannu*-

nuation Fund since the 5th February 1803, the day on SmFund. * which the last lift was submitted.

And then they withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Orde, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon

the Table.

The laid Accounts and Last are preserved amojjgft the other papers of this Session.

compensation to the Public.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raising a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, " and for better regulating the Port of London and another Act, passed in the 42d year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first-mentioned Act: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. John Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Grain Tndem-

aity Bill, committed*

Ordered, That the Bill to indemnify all Persons who -have been concerned in ilfuing, or carrying into execution,

The counsel and agents in the case of the Southwark S(j"^’iwarlt election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed committ*: to attend the said Committee, delivered in ,to the House appointed, a reduced lift, as follows:

William Burroughs, Esquire, Charles Chaplin, Esquire,

ah Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Robert Holt , Esquire, James Trail, Esquire, James

Treasury, for permitting the exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal, be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, relblve itself and agents, withdrew, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Buller of Weft Looe, Esquire, James Farquhar, Esquire, George Peter Moore, Esquire, Dudley North, Esquire, Sir William Paxton, the Honourable Galbraith Lowry Cole, Joftas Duprl Porcher, Esquire, John Esquire, John

Palmer, Esquire.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel

Arfwer to Address.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Address of the 2d day of December last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Accounts presented:

Prohibited East India Goods.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel. and agents were again called b.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, That the said thirteen Members had by themselves chosen Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of John Berkley Burland, Esquire, and Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, were added to the said thirteen names.

And the said fifteen Members being the Select Com-The House being informed that some of the Commis- mittee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining sioners of the Customs attended at the door; they were of an undue election and return for the Borough of South-called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- wark, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, b the usual suant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament, manner.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew,

and brought to account in the warehouses in New Street, Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith,

Bishopsgate Street, and Saint Helens, in the Port of London, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing {os China, Coast, Surat, and all the private Trade and pri- the trials of controverted elections. vilege prohibited Goods, from Michaelmas 1802 to Michaelmas 1803; what exported during that period, and Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant ElUmate of

what remained at Michaelmas 1803, as per Accounts: to their Address to His Majesty, Department

And also, Estimate of the Sums that will probably be required presented.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported for the service of the Barrack Department in Great Britain, into the Bengal warehouse, New Street, Bishopsgate Street, in the year 1804.

~ --- - .... ... And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

i.

in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1802 to Michaelmas 1S03; also what exported during that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1803, as per Accounts: And also.

An Account of East India prohibited Goods remaining in His Majesty’s warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1802, what have been since brought in, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1803: And alto,

Vol. 59.

'Appauti*.

(No. 20.)

The counsel and agents in the case of the Durham elec- ^3". tion being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appobted to committee

attend

68

8°—9° Fe

A. 1804*

attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to, the reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members

on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee Rpr^rt from appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Committee,

fame was called over; and is as follows;

‘Thomas Davis Lamb, Esquire, the Right honourable

Thomas Steele, Charles Mills, Esquire, Lord George Thynne,

Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Baronet, Humphrey Sibthorp,

Esquire, Walter Spencer Stanhope, Esquire, George Anthony Legh Keck, Esquire, Richard Archdall, Esquire, John Dent, Esquire, the Honourable George CranfeldBerkeley, the County of Middlesex, informed the House, that the said Committee met this Morning, pursuant to their ad- BcnuWaift!

Bill to confo-lidate Volunteer Acts, oidcred.

Sir Michael le Fleming, Baronet, James Langham, Esquire,

Jonathan Raine, Esquire, Lord Viscount Duulo.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the City of Durham, were {worn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents,withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their services, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained

together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to hundred and forty-two Members being present;

military discipline, during the war, such Serjeants serving And the Petition Arbuthnot, Esquire, complain-

in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infan- >"g of an undue election and return for the Borough and try as receive constant pay, and all Trumpeters, Drum- Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of mers, or Bugle-men serving therein, and receiving pay at being also ordered to be taken into consideration

any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating on this day;

of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, might be read. The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the

And the fame was read accordingly. said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this And the door being locked;

journment of Yesterday, when the Chairman acquainted the Committee, that he had received a letter from John Bern Walfli, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) stating, that it was with the greatest concern hcabfented himself for one day, but he was so unwell this Morning that he could not possibly give his attendance; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Dr. Armstrong (a Physician) attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the state of Mr.* Bonn health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said John Bean Esquire, be

excused for his not attending the said Committee this Morning.

And a Member present was sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one

Supply, tick rrcd«

Ways and

Means*

deferred.

present Session of Parliament, to explain and amend the said Act.% might be read.

And the fame being rea4 accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to con-folidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto: And that Mr. Secretary Yorke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord

Viscount Cafilereagh, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele,

Mr. Hi ley Addington, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to iconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for New into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of Benjamin Hobhouse, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Weymouth election, by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of William Sturges Bourne, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the New Windsor election, by the counlcl for the fitting Member.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, Charles Dundas of Berkshire, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioner, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, th petitioned against.

Members being

New Windsor & Weymouth ElccHon-Petitions con/i-dered.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the New Windsor election. the door was opened;

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the door being again locked;

- The Order of the day for taking into consideration the Wcvmouth

said Petition, complaining of an undue election and return Fir£tiou- . for Wymouth and Melcombe Regis, was read. adjourned!'011

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw by lot out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee.

And the name of John Calcraft,' Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioner.

And the pames of forty-three Members were drawn,

Jovis, 9 0 die

Anno 44°

Georgii

111"* Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the

__ Petition oi Richard Ramsbottom, of Clewer Cottage,

in the County of Berks, Esquire, complaining of an undue who were not objected to.

election and return for the Borough of New Windsor, in Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the said County, being come; the names of tire Master of the Rolls, and the

Right

44 Geo. III.

9° Februar

'■m

Right honourable Henry Chancellor of

the Exchequer, were drawn, and they being again sworn, were excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, and one as having voted at the election. And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn, and it appearing that there wanted fix names v to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

Woodstock A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts and Kidding- herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and PetitiwT1* read setting forth. That several Acts were passed in the 3d, 24th, and 31ft years of his late Majesty, and in the 24th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Woodstock through Kidding ton and to

Rollright Lane, and from Bridge <0

aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls, a great part whereof still remains due; and that it is expedient, that all the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted instead thereof in one Act; and that if the Road leading from the upper end of Blackkall Lane, through the Borough of New Wo, into a Lane called fingtonLane, to join the Great Road leading from Banbury to Oxford,at a place near a house called and situate between Skipto Brook and Sturdey's , in

the said County, were made Turnpike, and included in the said intended Act, it would be a great convenience and advantage to the neighbourhood, and of public utility: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ' them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Lord Francis Al-marie Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Weft lmfi» Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac-"OgJ*- cording to Order, a Bill for raising a further sum of Money, pnftnted. * for carrying into execution an Act passed in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for rendering more commodious, and for better regulat-" ing the Port of London," and another Act, passed in the 42d year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act; And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

NewWindfor The counsel and agents in the case of the New Windsor Coromin~ee election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to appointed, attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over, and is as follows:

The Honourable John Scott, the Honourable Henry Laf-celles, Janies Fergvfon, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Lascelles, John Lubbock, Esquire, George Porter, Esquire, John Fane, Esquire, the Honourable Robert the

Honourable John Chappie Norton, John Esquire, Francis Burton, Esquire, Sir Henry Watkin Dash-wood, Baronet, William Baldwin, Esquire, William Sturges Bourne, Esquire, Charles Dundas, of Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for New Windsor, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections. '

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That there be laid before this' Hbule,' Copies. CoPic« of

of all Circular Letters written since the Commencement of Circular Let-

the present war by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of volenteerj!"2

State to the Lord Lieutenants of the Coilfities in &c. oidaeJ.

Britain, relative to the establishment and regulation of

Volunteer Corps, or to other measures for the defence* of

the Country, or for the execution of the several Acts pat*

fed for that purpose in the last Session of Parliament. - I ;/

\ ' \ ' * *' «* m '

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do maKetba London Dock

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for raiung ^Ii^reporreA a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and Other Works, for the greater accommodation and fecuflty’of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the Port of Lon- ' don, was committed.

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the , said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true f and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,.^nd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had redled to be reported to the House: And he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with; the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thenafecqnd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tje ingrafted.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Thetford Lord Petre, Lord of the Manor of cum Halwick, ^1°.^*

in the County of Norfolk, and the humble Petition of several other Persons entitled to Rights of Common and other Rights and Interests within the Parishesof Thetford Saint. Peter, Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also a trad of Land called Thetford Warren; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the fame were divided, allotted, and held in Severalty: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Jacob Henry AJlley and Nit., Horatio Walpole do.prepare,; fnd bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Com- Liverpool mon Council of the Town and Corporation of Liverpool, improvement in Common Council assembled, was presented to the Hqufe feation' and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 26th year of His present Majesty for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the said Town, and for other purposes; and it is necessary that the term of the said Act should be extended, and the powers and provisions thereof explained and amended; and that it is expedient powers should be given to the Petitioners to open and make certain new Streets, and to widen and improve other Streets already made, and to enforce the Pavement of the Streets within the said Town; and that it would be more advantageous to the Petitioners and the Public, that the line or di-red ion of the common Highway, or Road, intended to have been made from Bath Street, in the said Town, to Beacon's Gutter, along and upon the East Strand or Shore of the River Mersey, in the said Port of Liverpool, should be diverted and continued in a more direct or straight line from Bath Street to Beacon's Gutter aforesaid; and- that another new Road to the Eastward of, and nearly parallel with, the said Road so intended to be diverted, should be continued from a certain Street called Great Howard ,■ in the said Town, to the Northern Boundary of the said Town; and that it would also be highly advantageous to the Public, if power was given to open another new Road at the South End of the said Town, to extend from the East End of Parliament Street in the said Town, to and

T iota

Wtft Burfoa

Inelofurt

fetition.

llvemol

Ducks

Petition*

ro

9° Februarii.

A. 1804

ihto a Road Called Smithdown , lying part in the said Township of Liverpool, and part in the Township of Toxteth Park, in the said County j and also if power were given to make proper and sufficient Common Sewers from r the said Northern Roads, and the said Southern Road* and the I^nds adjoining* into the River in the

{aid Port of Liverpool: And therefore praying. That leave nfiay be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

fderation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. of , Mr.

Sfanley, &cc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of William Pure has, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Weft Burton, in the Parish of Aijgarth, in the ' North Riding of the county of York, and of the several other persons whose names are thereunto subscribed* was pteiented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there, are* within the said Manor, a Common or Moor, and also a Common Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands; and that, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Blackburne, of Lancashire, Mr. Henry Lascelles , and Mr. . Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

several Acts are by no means adequate to the repair of the several Docks already eroded, and to the erection and repair of the Docks intended to be erected in the said Port; and it is therefore absolutely necessary that further aid be obtained from Parliament* by including under the said former Duties a species of Vessels not yet subject thereto, and also to lay a small TaX on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes to be imported into the said Port of Liverpool; and that it would be attended with great benefit and advantage to the trade and commerce of the said Town and Port, and to the Public, if a Railway or Tram Road were made from a certain Stone Quarry situate near the East End of Parliament Street, in the said Town, over and along the lame llreet, to the said River Mersey; and that it is necessary the said several A As should be altered, amended, and explained: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town and Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Acts have been from time to time passed, enabling the Petitioners to ered Docks, Piers, Lighthouses, and other Works and Conveniences, in the Port and Harbour of and

that it would be attended with great benefit, convenience, and advantage to the Petitioners and the Public, if powers were granted for regulating the present and future Ferries and Irerry Houses upon and neat the River Mersey, within the limits of the said Port, and for settling certain rates or fares for the transport or conveyance of persons and goods and merchandize over the said River Mersey; and it would also greatly tend to the benefit and convenience of the Petitioners and the Public, if certain rules, orders, and regulations, were made and established for the government and good conduit of all boatmen, ferrymen, and other persons employed on the River Mersey; and that it is necessary that powers should be granted to the Petitioners for altering and enlarging George's Dock and Bason, and the Queen's Dock, in the said Port, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and conveniences, to the southward of the said Dock* called Queen's Dock, in and upon a trait of ground in Park, in the said County, lately purchased by the Corporation of Liverpool from the Earl of Sefton, and to annex and add the fame Trait of Ground to the Township and Parish of Liverfool aforesaid, and to erelt another Wet Dock* with suitable conveniences, on some part of the feite* extending from North to South, between the said George's Dock Bason and the Northern Boundary of the said Town of Liverpool, and from East to Welt, from the West Side of the New Quay and Bath Street, both in Liverpool aforesaid* into the said River Mersey, and to extend the powers and provisions of the said several Alts to the said new intended Dock* and to the said other works lo intended to be made and executed; and that powers should be granted for the better and more efficacious government and security of the said Docks, Batons* and other Works, and for the preservation of Ships and Vessels therein from Fire; and it is necessary that the powers and provisions of the said Alts, with respect to the regulation of graving or repairing Docks within the said Town and Port* should be amended, enlarged, and ex-• tended; and that the Duties already granted by the said

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Rochdale Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, ’ 1

and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had dire lied him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of the Duke of Bridgwater, in the Parish of Manckefter, in the County of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said Canal: And also,

An Act passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for tatter enabling the said Company to raise Money for. completing the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the before-mentioned Alts, were severally read: And,

Mr. Ralph Shuttleworth, being examined, said, That the Petitioners have made great progress in forming the said Canal, and have not only expended thereon all the Money they have been able to raise under the authority of the said Alts, but have also contralted divers Debts; and that under the present powers veiled in them, they are incapable of railing Money to discharge the fame, and to complete the said Canal and Cuts.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of Two Acts, palfed in the 34th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do make the Report from the Member to Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for TP°rt No*-executing the Acts therein mentioned, respecting the DefbyRoa^ Nottingham and Derby Roads, was referred. Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do make the Report from the Member to Committee, to whom the Petition of feveTal Trustees for report Trent putting in execution an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent e 1 wn’ Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the bounty of Leicester, was referred.

Mr,

44 Geo. lit. 9° Februarii. 7t

Kttttring Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom thori2ed to be Collected iipoti the said Road, by virtue inciofure Bill, the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of the said Act; which Sums cannot be paid off, nor can

report ‘ of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was com- the said Road be kept in good repair, Unlefe the said Ad,

nutted; That the Committee had examined, and found which is near expiring, be Continued for a further term;

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of and it is expedient that some of the tolls, powers, ana

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- provisions contained in the said Act, should be explained,

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found altered, and amended.

the lame to be true; and that the patties concerned had Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to coii-given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the tintie and amend an Act, passed in the 20th year of the-

Committee; and that the Committee had gone through Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which the Trent Bridge, in the County -of the Town of Not-

they had directed him to report to the House; and he tingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester: And

read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the that Mr. Eyre and Mr. do prepare, add bring in.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: the same.

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

then a second time, one by one; and, upon the question A Petition of several Trustees for executing Two Acts, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. made in the 7th and 24th years of His present Majesty, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the grossed. Counties of Radnor and Hereford, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have Nottingham Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the borrowed several considerable sums of Money on credit of Kw*Peu Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts therein- the Tolls, which have been duly applied; but the said Roads

tion,reported, after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had cannot be effectually repaired, unless the term of the said

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Acts be continued; and that the Road leading from the

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Town of in the County of Radnor, to Pont vain

with; and that the Committee had examined the matter Brook, in the Parish of Knighton, also the Road leading; of the said Petition, which they had directed to be re- from Knighton aforesaid, through and to

ported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and Llanbijler, in the said County of

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Radnor, also the Road leading from the Blacksmith’s the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Shop at Monoughty, in the Parish of Bletkvah, to the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act Village of also the Road leading from the

passed in the 4th Year of His present Majesty for repairing Town of Presteigne, through and ,to

and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the drain Gate, in the Parish of LlangvihangelLRhydithon, in County of Nottingham, to the Crofe Poll upon Smalley the said County of Radnor, are in a very ruinous condition Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkestone to and in many parts too narrow and incommodious for the Towns of Heanor and Shipley,in the County of Derby, travellers and carriages, and in the winter and wet feaibns and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham,to the dangerous to passengers, and cannot be effectually amended Town of Nottingham: And also, and kept in repair by the ordinary cOurfe of law: 'And

An Act passed in the 24th Year of His present Majesty therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring id a for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Bill for the Purposes afore feid.

Act, except lb far as related to the Road leading from Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th&Con,-llkeston, to the Town of Shipley, were severally readAnd, lideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Mr. Alexander Foxcroft being examined, said, That the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in execution, them, to the House.

and several considerable Sums have been borrowed on the And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Price, Sec.: And credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of she cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads remaining under t^e clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend care of the Petitioners be properly amended, improved apd for persons, papers, and records, kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be con- .....

tinued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom amended, and the Tolls increased. the Petition of several Persons, being Proprietors of, or

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for con- interested in, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, and Upwood, in the County of of Two Acts, palfed in the 4th and 24th years of the Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had ex-Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and Nottingham, to the Crofe Poll upon Smalley Common, in that the Committee had examined the matter of the said the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned: Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it

And that Mr. Eyre and Mr. Pierrepont, do prepare, and appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

bring in, the same. in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-Trent Bridge Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the loweth; viz.

/W Petition, Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution an To prove the Allegations of the said' Petition,' Mr.

I tePort Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for William Custance, (Surveyor) being examined, laid, That

i repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County the Fen Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes of Ramsey

of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise and Bury, from their low and flat situation, arc liable to Cortlingfock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of be overflowed, so that no certain advantage can be derived Leiccfer, was referred; That the Committee had examined, therefrom; but if powers were granted for effectually and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative draining and improving the same, it would be of great to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the benefit and advantage to all persons interested therein. Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for which they had directed to be reported to the House; and draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it Grounds within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Baldwin, Lord as followeth; viz. Viscount Hinchingbrook, and Lord Frederick Montagu, do

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Act was read: And,

Mr . William Cults being examined, laid, That several A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds

sums of Money have been borrowed and still remain in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton, due upon the credit and security of the Tolls, au- was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Vol. 59. there

Radnor and

Hereford Roada . - , Petition.

Ramsey, &c. Drainage Petition, reported.

Romsey

Inclosure

Petition.

7*2

9*—10° Febriiarii.

A. 1804,

'there are, within the said Tarish, several Open and Common Fields,‘Common Meadows, Commons, Waste Lands, and other Commonable places, which, if divided and inclosed,

might ’ be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That 1 leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

" ' Ordered,'That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr and Sir NathaniefHolland do prepare, arid bring in, the lame.

Poftnneud Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of preftnted. * Port fane and Donabate, in the' County of Dublin: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feoond time

Roads

Petition.

Winchester A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and ~ " read;, letting forth. That two ACfcs werepafled, in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for altering, widening, arid amending the Road from the North Gate of the City ■of Winchester over Worthy Cow down, through and other Places, to Newtown Riverand also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, through , to the

pfelent Turnpike Road at in the County of South-

ampton; and that the Petitioners have borrowed several films of Money on credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor -can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said ACfcs is continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the pvjrpbfes aforesaid.

'■ Ordered, That the faits Petition be referred to the con-' federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hou'fe:

* And ibis* referred to Mr. Townshend, Mr. Brodrick, See.: . Arid they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the * clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend

for persons* papers, and records.

Mutiny Bill 'the' Order fef the day being read, for the House to *efcne,h reiolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for- punishing Mutiny-and Desertion; and for the ' better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

/Pjefolved, That this House will, upon this day sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

Coqualttcc-ba * The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole &°^feuPon the Bill to indemnify all persons who have been ' ' concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order

of the-Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for . permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal.

Mri Speaker left the Chair.

* Mr j HenryAlexander took the Chair of the Committee.

* Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow ’ Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 10* die Februcirii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Pit A VEILS.

Weymouth ^THHE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Tetitioncon- .. Petition of John Arbuthnot, Esquire, complaining of an

fideied. undue election and return for the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, being crime; '

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition,

The Servant at Arms was font with the Mace to,the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

A Mefiagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Little Hucklow, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and one hundred and twenty Members being present, the couniel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of JohnCalcraft, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioner.

And the name of Benjamin HoEsquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age. or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or having voted at the election.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lilts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of , in the room of the Right honourable Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office- of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, a certain Open and Stinted Pasture called The Wold, and allb certain Common and Waste Lands; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, a considerable benefit would accrue to all the per-fens interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer, of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles arid Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Smithson, of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the said Township, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the Poor’s Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate within the said Township, and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several exchanges of Lands within the said Township; and that by an agreement, in writing, executed by and between the Petitioner and feme of the principal Proprietors of Lands within the said Township, prior to and in contemplation of the application then intended to be made to Parliament for the said Act, it was agreed that the Petitioner, as Rector of the said Parish, should have an Allotment of Land, of the annual Value of One hundred and ten Guineas, as a compensation for and in lieu of all Tythes, both great and final), except

iz

as

The Lords have agreed

1

Little Hucklow Iaclosure Bill.

Bridport

Writ.

Acklam

Inclosure

Petition.

Petition to amend Kirkheatol Inclosure 4

44 Geo. III.

10° FebruariL

73

as therein mentioned, and the said Allotment was, by the said Agreement, stipulated and agreed by the Parties thereto to be of the annual value above mentioned, exempted from every expence whatsoever; and that pursuant and in conformity to the said Agreement, a specific Allotment of Land situate within the said Township, was, by the said Act, let out for, and veiled in, the Petitioner, such Allotment having been ascertained and determined, by the Commissioners named and appointed by the said Act, to be of the annual value of One hundred and ten Guineas, and no more; and that, owing to the uncertain wording of the said Act, or the erroneous conllruftion thereof by the Commissioners thereby appointed, it hath been determined by the major part of them, that, notwithstanding the explicit and clear terms of the said Agreement, the Petitioner, in virtue of the Allotment of Land made to him, is liable to pay a very large proportion of the expences of forming and making the Roads within the said Township, which, he conceives, is utterly inconfillent with the terms of the above-mentioned Agreement, and would not merely render the said Allotment very inadequate in value to the Tythes and other emoluments and advantages for which it was intended and declared to be, and was by him accepted as, a compensation, but would, contrary to the said Agreement, throw upon him a very great btirthen, and place him individually in a much worse situation than if the said Act: hid not passed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry , Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Canterbury A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City improvement Qf Canterbury, and County of the lame City, in Burghmote PeutiOB* assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is not at present any direct or convenient Street or Road for Carriages to pals from the High Street and several other parts of the said City, to the 1 urnpike Road,leading from thence to the Ille of Thanet, and other places Northward of the said City, to which there is a great resort of Persons and Carriages; and that it would tend greatly to the safety and accommodation, as well of all persons resorting to those places as of the Inhabitants of the said City, and likewise be of great public utility, if a new Street was to be made from the High , to Palace Street, which communicates with the said Turnpike Road; and that the Petitioners are desirous to take down such parts of certain Premises belonging to them as shall be found necessary to open and make the said new Street, and to purchase such other Messuages, Buildings, and Ground, as are Handing, lying, and being, in the line of the said intended new street, and to open, lay out, and make such new street, and are also desirous that luitable houses and buildings should be erected on each fide thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examihe the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Viscount,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow ^Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Shakspeare Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, Gallery to whom the Petition of John Boy dell, Esquire, one of the

repotted. Aldermen of the City of London, and of Josiah Boy dell ,his

Nephew and Co-partner, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 59.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Harrison, who has been Clerk to the Petitioners up-

wards of 17 years, being examined, said, That the Petitioners have, at a very great expence, promoted and encou-*. raged the arts of Painting and Engraving, which for several years pall has given great encouragement to the Art ills therein, and greatly contributed to the securing to this Country, a pre-eminence over all other nations in. those arts: That in the course of this pursuit, besides various other large works published in a moll splendid manner, the Plays of Shakspeare, ornamented with Engravings from Pictures by English Artiffcs, and for which pictures, and the exhibiting the fame with their other works, the Petitioners erected a building in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery at a very confiaerable expence, and in com* pleting that establishment, in addition to their former and other works, have so extended their concerns, and increased the size, value, and expence of their Collection of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, as to make them much too great a concern for them to retain.—And being further examined, the Witness said. That the Collection cannot be difoofed of by the common way of fele, but at a very great lols to the Petitioners; and that, unless some encouragement, under the fenftion of Parliament, be given to them, to enable them to dispose of their said Collection to the best advantage, their endeavours to serve the Public, will prove highly detrimental to themselves.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable John Boydell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boydell his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collect ion of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, byway of chance: And that Sir John William Anderson, Sir Wi Curtis, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, according Bill to con-: to Order, a Bill to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Act*, Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating predated, thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made yellerday, Lem granted " That there be laid before this House, copies of all Cir- to present " cular Letters written since the commencement of the of cenain^1'* " present War by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, Paper*.

" to the Ix>rd Lieutenants of the Counties in Great,

" relative to the establishment and regulation of Volun-" teer Corps, or to other measures for the defence of the " Country, or for the execution of the several Acts passed " for that purpose in the last Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That printed Copies of such of the said Circular Letters as have been printed, be permitted to be presented to the House, the same having been first duly compared with the originals, and authenticated by the proper Officer to be true copies.

A Petition of several Owners of Land in the Counties of Renfrew, &«. Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, and Trullees appointed by va- Roads rious Acts, palfed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of his Petltl0"* late Majesty, and in the 29th, 3ad, and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the said Counties therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great progress hath been made in making, altering, and repairing the Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and it would be of advantage to the public, if certain other Roads branching therefrom, or connected therewith, which are at present in bad repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, should be put and kept in repair, under the direction of the Trullees appointed by the said Acts, viz the Road from Carmunnock to Peel, and from thence to Eaglejliamby Busbyftde and by Drips, and from

Peel, by Thornton and Bogton, to Jackton Toll, and from

L,

74

10° Februarii. . 1S04.

Williamwood, by Muir end, to , and from Maul-

J'mire,by Bankhall and Shi els, to the Paisley Road, and the Roads from Eaglesham to Muirkirk, and from to

Newmills, and from Kirkland Bridge, by Eaglesham to Kings-■well, so far as the fame pass, or are intended topafs, through the County of Renfrew, from Barrhead, by Auchinback ' Muir to Pollock Sown, and to Mearnjkirk, and from

kirk to Eaglesham, from House/iill to and from

Pollockjhaws to the termination of the County of Renfrew at Diffenbeg, by Pollocktown and by Balgray, and from Whitehouse, by Muirhouse, to Paisley and to Beith, and from Muirhouse to Irvine, by Biggart and Mountgreenan, and from Three Mile House to Clerkj by Paifey and and to Beith and Irvine, and a Road branching therefrom, to Hawkhead Mills, and from Mills, by Auchin-

tor/ieh to- Paifey, and from Barjkivan to and from

Linwood to the Road from Bartisford, to the Bridge of Weir at Fulzvood, and from the East end of Port Glasgow, to the South fide of the Rope Work, into Prince's Street, and from Largs, by Brisbane Outenoards, Garvock, Killochend, and Whitelee,to Greenock; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in repair, nor the said Acts be carried into execution, unless the term thereby given be further continued, and the' Powers and Authorities granted by the fame, and also by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the year 1669, intituled, " Act for repairing Highways and Bridges," enlarged, altered, and amended, and reduced or consolidated into one Ad: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Sir William Pulteney,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have •Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Dalkeith A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution

Petition*0*' Acts herein after mentioned, and others. Proprietors - -• and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of "Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for sale or vended in the said Town and Parish, to be applied for repairing the streets, and supplying the Inhabitants with Water; which Ad was further continued by an Act, passed, in the 2 ad year of His present Majesty; and that the beneficial purposes for which the said Acts were passed cannot be completed in the present term, which is near expiring, nor unless they are further enlarged, explained, and amended; and that in the said Town there has long been established a public Market for Corn, Cattle, and all forts of Produce, which has been hitherto held in the principal street, to the great annoyance of the Inhabitants and of others resorting thereto; and it would greatly promote their ease and comfort, and increase the trade and prosperity of the said Town, if powers were given to remove the said Market, and to purchase Ground whereon to ered Buildings for holding the fame in a more convenient situa-tion, and to regulate the conduct of persons using such Market; and if further and other powers were also given for paving, lighting, repairing, and cleansing, the said streets, and removing all obstrudions and nuisances therefrom: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-' lideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Sir William Pulteney, &c: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Stirling The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon

Confidenition *8lh day November lait, for taking into considera-deferred. tion upon the ill day of March next, the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Stirling, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th day of April next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

' Notices were again lent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Mr. Eyre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering, and enlarging the powers, of twbsAdls, passed in the 4th and 24th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Eyre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act passed in the 20th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Coles Bridge, in the County of Leicester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was read the third time.

Resolved, 1’liat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the fortieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Manning do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the several Owners of Estates in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of bridge,v/as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hob house, Mr. Secretary Torke, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the county of,

Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and that it would be greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Whitbread, and Mr. Lee Antonie, do prepare, and brine: in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are,.within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds j and that it would be greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors if the fame were divided and inclosed: And

therefore

2

e

Nottingham and Derby Roads Kilt, prelected.

Trent Bridge Road Bill, presented.

London Dock Com-* pany’s Bill passed.

Manea

Inclosure

Petition#

AftwicJc

Inclosure

Petition.

Arlfey

Incloliire

Petition.

OOQ

Rochdale Canal Bill prei'ented.-

Barton Bridge and Fain*

-r: worth'Roads Petition.

I; i

bin Indem-

ir Bill, lifted.

rccunt of ion of r nal Dtor, tinted.

44 Geo. III. 10"—13° Febmam. 75

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mr. Whitbread, and Mr. Lee Antonie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for thedischarge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts, of the 34th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Bolton, and

Barton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from a certain Bridge over the River called Barton

Bridge, in the Township of Barton, in the Parish of in the said County, through Win the said Township of Barton, and through the Township of Worjley, in the said Parish of Eccles, and also through the several Townships of

Little Hulton and Farnworth ,both in the Parish of Dean, in the said County, to a place called Moses Gate, in worth aforesaid; and also a branch from the said Road on Haljhaw Moor, through the said Townships of Farnworth and Little Hulton, near to the House known by the lign of The Antelope, at Street Gate, in the said County, where the fame joins the Turnpike Road from Little Hulton aforesaid to Manchester, are in a ruinous condition, and narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and that the said Road, at or near Mcfes Gate aforesaid, communicates with the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton aforesaid to Manchester, in the said County, which, as well as the Turnpike Road from Little Hulton to Manchester, is amended and repaired under the Powers of an Act, made in the 3 ad year of His present Majesty: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for amending and keeping the said first-mentioned Road in repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the com lideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof1; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henderson, Mr. j of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do make the Report from the Committee; of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify ail persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugwas committed.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hase, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of ,attended

at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the dire ft ions of an Act of Parliament, ' \

An Account from the Bank of England of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.6,287,941. os. 8d. in one year, from 3d February 1803 to 31ft January 1804, by the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt; Vot. 59.

and of the Receipt of £.1,587,815. its. 8 d. to be applied in the Quarter betwen the lft February and the 1 ft May 1804.

, And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 21.)

A Petition of the Reverend George Leonard Clerk, crimpieflum

and of several other Persons entitled to Rights of Common and Shackage within the Parish of Crimple/ham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Tracts or Parcels of whole year Lands, Common Fields,

Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds; and that it would be for the benefit of the Persons interested therein, if the said Rights of Common and Shackage were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry Aflley and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned Weymouth to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com* committee mittee, delivered in- to the House a reduced lift; to which appointed; lift the nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable Richard Ryder, William,

Esquire, William Dickinson, Esquire, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, Anthony Hardolph Eyre, Esquire, William Mellish, Esquire, Thomas Richard Beaumont, Esquire, George Peter Holford, Esquire, Edward Hilliard, Esquire, Albemarle Bertie, Esquire, Charles Smith, Esquire, George,

Esquire, John Whitmore, Esquire, John Esquire,

Benjamin Hobhouse, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had Proceeding* prepared, and laid upon the Table, a list of the names of all the Members of the House who had delivered in lifts, in 1 a. pursuance of the directions of an Act pafl'ed in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trial of persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Supply solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider deferrei* further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply de erred granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 13° die Febniarii;

Anno 440 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Poyntz presented to the House, according to Saint Alban’s Order, a Bill for paving the Footways and Cross- Pav;r-g paths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, pre ente ' the Streets and other public passages and places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill

Wfft India Dock Comply’ Bill, committed.

Temple

Guiting

inclosure

Petition.

Milton

Paving

Petition.

Inverness

Roads

Petition.


76

13° Februarii. A. 1804.

A Bill for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of " London ,"and another Act, passed in the 42c! year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first: mentioned Act, was read- a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of George Talbot Esquire, and of several other

Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Temple Guiting, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That, within the said Manor and Parish, there are several Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands; and that, if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be an advantage to all parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Admiral Berkeley and Lord Robert Edward Henry Smerfet do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Milton next Sittingbcrne, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Streets and other Places in the said Town are at present very ill paved and cleansed, and not either lighted or watched; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit, safety, and advantage, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town, but also of all persons resorting thereto, if the fame were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Land in the County of

Inverness, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty the sum of £.20,000, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of; and

that, in order to insure the making and erecting of the Roads and Bridges which it should appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act advisable to make and build in the County of Inverness, and to keep the fame afterwards in repair, it will be expedient to impower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to aflefsthem-selves, and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, fora rateable proportion, according to their respective valued rents, of such sum as may be necessary for the making and erecting of such Roads and Bridges in the said County, in addition to one-half of the estimated expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are, by the said recited Act, authorized to defray in the manner therein mentioned; and also for a rateable proportion of such sum as may be necessary to keep and maintain such Roads and Bridges in repair, after the same shall have been made and erected; and that the Petitioners are willing to contribute their proportion of such assessment, according to their valued rent, and they are informed, and believe, that by far the greater part, if not the whole, of the Heretors of the said County are likewise desirous to contribute thereto in the fame proportion: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the lS

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,'to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir William j

Pulleney, &c.: And they are meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Bern Waljh reported from the Committee, to whom RkIiw the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, made in the 7th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amend- potion, ing, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties rcPjrte^-of Radnor and Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Meredith being examined, said. That the \

Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have caused the said Roads tobe repaired, amended, and widened; and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the said Acts, which together with the Tolls collected have been duly applied, according to the directions of the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired unless the term of the Acts be continued.—And the Witness added, That the Road leading from the Town of Knighton, in the County of Radnor, to'

Pontvain Brook, and the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are in a very ruinous condition, and many parts too narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and in the winter and wet seasons dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, diverted, improved, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 7th and 24th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor: And that Mr. BennWalfh and Mr. Wilkins dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts w«ft faJk herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Roa* read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the 42d *t*on* year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a Road from the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, a Road from Ratcliff' through

Cannon Street, in the said County, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the Weft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street, into [the Back Lane, in the County of Middlesex; and that the Petitioners have not only expended the whole of the film authorized by the said Act to be raised on credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but have also contracted debts to a considerable amount; and that the money so raised still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said debts be discharged, and the said Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit of the trade and commerce of the Port of London, and be of public utility, if a collateral branch of Road was made from and out of the Road directed to be made by the said recited Act, and thereby called The Commercial Road, at or near the

North

44 Ge.0. III.

13° Febrita

i•

7

North-cast corner of Lhnehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the F.act India Docks about tobemade at Blackball,

in the County of Middlesex, and Lane-, and also, if

a certain collateral branch was made from and out of the said intended branch along Robinhood Lane, to communicate with Poplar Street-, and also, another branch of Road leading from the Back La, at or near the North end of King David Lane, Shadwell, to communicate with the said Commercial Road, and from thence to Mutton Lane, and to communicate with the said Turnpike Road leading from H hitechapclinto the County of; and if such branches

were made subject and liable to the powers and provisions of the said Adr, and put under the care and management of the Trustees for executing the fame; and that several Abls were passed, in the 27th year of his late Majesty, and in the 5th and 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, for opening, making, and keeping in repair, the Road from Ratcliff Highway through Cannon Street, in the County of ^Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned } and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cori-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Manning, &c.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Ninepf the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Swindon and A Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execution

Hi;', Z. an Act, of the 24th year of His present Majesty, for enlarg-

ing the term and powers of an Act, of the 2d year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North end or fide of the Towh of Marlborough, and from thence to the Village of in the County of

Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other powers given for those purposes: And I therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a

1 Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

' lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred toSir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

SinbroDke, A Petition of Letitia Genejl, Widow, John Hunt, and frtiuon.°1UrC George Pell, Proprietors of the piece or parcel of Pasture Ground herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is within the several Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Mary, and Binbrooke Saint Gabriel, in the County of Lincoln, a certain Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground called 7"he Cow-pajltire, which, in its present Hate, is incapable of much improvement: And there-* fore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and apportioning the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert John Buxton and Mr. Chaplin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rfsmintler _ A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Tenements

Petition' *n ^>ar1^1 Beaminster,in the County of Dorset, was tuen. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish, two Open and Commonable Fields, called The EastField and The South Field; and also divers Commons, or Trails of Commonable Land, called ' minster Wood, Shortmore, and Holley more; and that if the

Vol. 59.

fame were divided arid inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring ill a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manor Kettering in-and Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was c,<l"re Blll» read the third time. pa * ’

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 12. To leave out from " Act," to the second " And," in Pr. 44. 1. 26.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartzvright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed by an Act, Haddlngtori passed in the 23d year of his late Majesty, and by two Acts, passed in the 9th and 33d years of His present Majesty, for Fetmon" repairing certain high Roads in the County of Haddington, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great progress hath been made in making and repairing the said Roads, but some of them still require to be dtered and improved, particularly by shortening the communica-* tion from Garvald to North Berwick, by means of a new line of Road from Croffgatehall until it shall join the North Berwick Road at or near East Fortune, and by avoiding Hills on the great Turnpike Road from Linton to ton, and by making the access to Haddington shorter and more easy, and also by widening the Road at and from the present Cross Bar at Wallyford to the Western Boundary of the said County of Haddington, adjoining to the County of Edinburgh-, and that it is expedient that a new Turnpike Road from Begbie Bridge to the present Pencaitland Road, and from thence Northward, until it joins the great Turnpike Road from Haddington to Edinburgh, should be made, and kept in repair, under the direction of the said Trustees; and also, that power should be given to them to advance a sum of money towards building a new Bridge across the River at Musselburgh, in the County of Edinburgh, and to render the access to the Capital of Scotland from the said County of Haddington more easy; and also, that the feite of the Toll Bars at present erected upon the said Roads should be altered and varied, and that Toll Bars should be erected, and Tolls levied, upon the following lines of Road; viz, upon the Road leading from Bearford to Haddington, from Gifford to Haddington, and upon the Road leading from Bolton, Salton, and Begbie, towards Haddington, and upon the Cross Roads from Hunlington Dikes, and by Tra-broure to Longniddry, and from thence to the Society of

Gladsmuir, and from Seaton to the great Turnpike Road, and from Tranent to Ormiston, and from thence by Pencaitland to Haddington, and upon the Road leading from Haddington by the Nezvlon Port to Aberlady; and that these Roads should also be repaired, and kept in repair, under the direction of the said Trustees; but these objects cannot be accomplished unless the term and powers granted by the said recited Acts, and also by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the year 1669, for repairing Highways and Bridges, be enlarged, altered, and amended, and the said Acts reduced and consolidated into one Act: And ^therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Sir William*

Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

* X A Petition

78 13® FebrA. 1804.

Pontefaa A Petition of several Proprietors of Houses and Tene-Paving, tec.ments in the Town ships of PontefraCl and in the

eUUon* West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read } setting forth. That it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and to all persons resorting to and travelling through the fame, if the Streets and other public passages and places were properly paved, lighted, cleansed, and kept from incroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, and if the narrow parts thereof were widened, and rendered commodious, and proper communications made between some of the said Streets and other passages and places; and if provision was made for watching the said Towns, and supplying the fame with Water; And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several objects above stated.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the conflderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. fee.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ponttfraft A Petition of the several Owners of Estates, resident Poor Petition, within the Township of in the West Riding of

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Poor belonging to the said Township are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great expence; and it is apprehended, that if a proper and fiiitable Workhouse was provided for the reception of such Poor, and proper powers were given for their regulation, employment, and government, it would not only be a great advantage to all persons paying to the Poor Rates of the said Township, but would tend to the better relief and comfort of the Poor themselves; and that there are also within the said Township several Almshouses, to which belong a considerable property in Houses, Lands, and Rents; and there are other properties in Houses, Lands, and Rents, which belong to the Poor of the said Township at large; and that the Estates and Properties above-mentioned having for the most part got into the hands of individuals at rents much below their value, and being in an unalienable state, the Inhabitants of the said Township are deprived of great part of the benefits which might arise therefrom, but if the lame were fold and dif-poled of to the belt advantage, and the money arising therefrom, applied to the use of the said Almshouses and Poor, the Petitioners apprehend that the Poor Rates, which are at present extravagantly high, would be considerably reduced; And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Benyon,; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Saint Andrew A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parishes dofti'rePeti" Saint Andrezv Auckland, and in the County

tion!1* * * of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is, within the Township of Byers Green, and Parish of Saint Andrew, Auckland, in the said County, a certain Moor, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, called Byers Green Moor or Common; and there are also certain inclosed Lands and Grounds lituate within the Township of Old Park, in the said County, which are subject to a right of intercommon thereon, during part of the year, by certain of the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements having a right of common on the said Moor or Common; and that it would be of great benefit and advantage to the several persons interested, if the said Moor or Common were divided and inclosed, and if the rights of intercommon, to which the said inclosed Lands are now liable, were extinguished, by making a reasonable compensation to the parties entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Dunlo and Sir Ralph Milba do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Lelcederh. Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in Com- c.'°,ure turnon Hall assembled, and of several other persons interested in the Fields and Meadows herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Leicester, certain Open Fields and Meadows, called The South Fields, and BurgeJJes Meadows; and that it would be of great benefit and advantage to the several persons interested, if the iame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

Samuel Smith and Mr. B aldington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, for executing the Acts Lincoln ard herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 32d etmon‘ year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leaden-ham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barnbygate , in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelltam, and Lanes to

Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and that another Act was passed in the 2zd year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the above-mentioned Act, and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Nezvark Bridge, to the said Guide Post; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Eyre,:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the most noble William Henry Cavendish, Alverton in-Duke of Portland, was presented to the House, and read; c.lofure Peti' setting forth, That there are, in the Township or Hamlet °n* of Alverton, in the Parishes of Staunton and Kilvington, in the County of Nottingham, certain open Arable Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Common Lands, which might be greatly improved if divided and inclosed, and a compensation made for the Tythes arising from the Lands within the said Township or Hamlet: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, Whetherbv and Tradesmen, of the Market Towns of and borough Road

Knaresborough, in the County of York, and parts adjacent, Petition, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was made, in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads, leading from W>ether-by to Knaresborough, in the County of York; and that several sums of money have been borrowed, on credit of the said Act, most of which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in repair, unless the term and powers of the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered,

44 Geo. III.

13° Febru

7 9

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

; force, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

,pers n. Mr. Bond, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s ctting Lord command,

°Fr,ti«CW Abstract of proceedings, respecting Lord Hood’s claim oiicy at to Prize Money at ’Toulon: And also, ited?’ prC* Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, approving

the Report of the Committee of Council, submitting to His Majesty’s favourable consideration, the Claim of Viscount Hood, in behalf of himself, and of the Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving under his command at Toulon, in the year 1793, dated 31ft August 1803: And also,

Copy of Lord Hood's Memorial, praying His Majesty’s direction to the Advocate General, to prepare a grant for the amount of the estimated value of the Ships, &c. taken possession of, &c. at ’Toulon, dated September 6th, 1803. And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this, Session.

Iccount of The House being informed that Mr. Bulley, from the V '»anent Exchequer, attended at the dopr; he was called in; and, toted.pre* at ^e Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes in Great Britain, in the years ending the 5th day of January 1803, and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing each quarter.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

fcMrefs re-pcting the Uve Trade.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th and 10th days of April 1797, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, requesting His Majesty to give directions to the Governors in the IVft Indies, to recommend measures tending gradually to diminish the necessity of the Slave Trade; and of His Majesty’s Answer thereto, that He would give directions as desired by the said Address, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc-

tions, that there be laid before this House, copies of such Correspondence as may have palfed between His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, and the Governors or other Civil Authorities in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in 1 the West Indies, in pursuance of His gracious directions

concerning the said Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-frp, employ- count of the number of Ships, with their Tonnage, that fVnde,h order- arfived from Africa, in the British West Indies, between the <i. ’ 5th of January 1787 and the 5th of January 1803, with the

number of Negroes imported on board the fame in each year; together with the number re-exported and retained; distinguishing each Island.

r emittee on Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider p>*re«cesre- of the most speedy and effectual mode of adjusting such ^n NUnufac- Differences as may arise between Mailers and Workmen m e, appoint- engaged in the Cotton Manufacture; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Robert Peel, Mr. Blackburne of shire, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Rose, Lord Stanley, Sir Thomas Theopkilus Metcalfe, Sir Charles

Vol. 59.

Mr. Holt Leigh, Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Henderson, Mr. Parker Coke, Mr.

Hiley Addington, Mr. Hodson, Mr. Brogden, Mr. Horrocks,

Mr. Macdowall, and Mr. Patten: And they are to meet

Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, pursuant Copies ofeir-

to their Orders; ref*efUneVo-

N° 1. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to lunteers^&c^ the Lieutenants of Counties in Scotl; dated Downing presented. * Street, 20th June 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Copy of a Letter from Lord Hobart, to Lieutenant General Vyfe, dated Downing Street, 2®th June 1803:

(B.) Plan for the formation of a Volunteer Force in Scotland: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to the Lieutenants of Maritime Counties in Great Britain; dated Downing Street, 24th June 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Copy of Warrant:

(B.) Copy of Order in Council:

(C.) Proposals for rendering the Body of the People instrumental to the General Defence in case of invasion:

(D.) Plan of Communication: And allb,

N° 3. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to the Lieutenants of inland Counties in Great Britain; dated Downing Street, ill July 1803; with four Inclosures fimi-lar to those in N® 2; And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Downing Street, 30th July 1803: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to the Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; dated Downing Street, 3d August 1803: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hobart, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Downing Street, 3d August 1803: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord , to the Lieutenants of Counties therein mentioned; dated Downing Street, 15th August 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Plan of a voluntary Naval Armament: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord , to the Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; dated Downing Street, 18th August 1803: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Torke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Whitehall, 31ft August 1803: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Torke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Whitehall, 31ft August 1803: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Torke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Whitehall, 16th September 1803: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Totke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain j dated Whitehall, 28th September 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Regulations for the Establishments, &c. of Corps and Companies of Volunteer Infantry:

(B.) Regulations for the Establifiiments, &c. of Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry;

(C.) Appointment of Inspecting Field Officers:

(D.) Attorney General’s Opinion:

(E.) Form of Muster Roll: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Torke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Whitehall, 7th October 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Attorney General’s Opinion: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Circular (confidential) Letter from Mr. Secretary Torke, to the Lieutenants of the Counties therein mentioned; dated Whitehall, 12th October 1803:

And also, '

N° 15. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary

Torke,

80

13® Ftlru

A. 1804.

Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great;

dated Whitehall, 13th October 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Copy of a Letter from the Adjutant General, to the General Officers commanding Districts 5 dated Horse Guards, .17th September 1803 r (B.) Extract of a Letter from the Quarter Master General, to the General Officers commanding Districts; dated Horse Guards, 21ft September 1803: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary l ot he,to the Lieutenants of Maritime Counties in Great Britain-, dated Whitehall, 31ft October 1803; inclosing, (A.) Copy of Warrant: And also,

N®i7- Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke,to the Lieutenants of Counties in; dated

Whitehall, 8th November 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Advertisement relative to Special Constables: And alto,

N° 18. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Tot he, to the Lieutenants of Counties in;

dated Whitehall, 10th November 1803: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Circular Letter trom Mr. Secretary , Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties, who were authorized to invite Corps of Volunteers, to assemble upon permanent Duty and Pay; dated Whitehall, 23d November 1803: And also,

N° 20. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in England-, dated Whitehall, 25th November 1803; inclosing,

(A.) Copy of Circular Letter to the Commandants of Volunteer Corps: And also.

N* 21. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain -, dated Whitehall, 26th December 1803: And also,

N° 22. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary 7 or he, to the Lieutenants of the several Counties in Great Britain-, dated Whitehall, 14th January 1804: And also, N° 23. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke,to the Lieutenants of Maritime Counties in Great Britain-, dated Whitehall, 16th January 1804: And also, N° 24. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Inland Counties in Great Britain-, dated Whitehall, 19th January 1804: And also, N° 25. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Whitehall, 23d January 1804: And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; dated Whitehall, 1 ft February 1804: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in; dated

Whitehall, ift February 1804: And also,

N* 28. Copy of a Circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Yorke, to the Lieutenants of Counties in Great Britain; dated Whitehall, 10th February 1804: And also,

N® 29. Regulations respecting the Pay, Cloathing, &c. for Corps of Volunteer Infan try, dated June 1803: And also, N® 30. Regulations respecting the Cloathing, &c. for Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, dated June 1803.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. . Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.,

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to con-

folidate Volunteer A fts, deferred#

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading a second time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Act* relating to the Re-

▼rnutof

The House was moved. That several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act made in the Parliament of Great ire; to Britain, in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty; con,lJcrrf-and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the 41ft and 43d years of His said Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament; relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole i louse, to consider of the said Acts.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commit?*# Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, fora time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of bjU. Ireland in the 37th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That -they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrafted Bill to indemnify all Persons who have G-amls<tea* been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. '

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to d*terred* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, t

resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve Way* and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of judicature the trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed Act. in t\\tEaJl Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

And the several lifts which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the covers, and put together into a box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said lifts be referred to theconsideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the fame; anti report to the House, Tommorrow, the name of every Member whole name shall appear in twenty or more of the said '

lifts.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Nicholas Van-Jittart, Mr. Sargent, See.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

S

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

44 Geo. III.

Martis, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1804;

' I

Prayers.

cj.cfter *■ I * H E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Itclion— J. Petition of John MaEsquire; and also the Pe-

ilcdered. tition of William Webb, Esquire* complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of , in the County of Somerset, being come -j

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms yvis sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the'attendance of the Members on the business of the House*

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and ope hundred Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said ..Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn* and read in I the usual manner.

I And the whole number of forty-nine names being com*

! plete the counsel for the Petitioners; and the counlel for the fitting Member, declined nominating Members to serve

on the said Committee. '

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Charles Torke, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, was drawn, and he being again sworn, wasexcufed; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against. r And lilts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the

counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

Aykfbnrf The Order of the day being read, for taking into consideration the several Petitions complaining of an undue adjetAwd. election and return for the Borough of in the County of Buckingham

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Nottingham A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg-R^dsJH?! in§ ^ie Powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th committed! years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eyre, Mr.

Fierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tient Bridge A Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 20th KoadBifi, year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the wnu,t Road from the ‘Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cptes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eyre, Mr. Fierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

IriaHer Mr. Samuel Smith presented to the House, according to

Elll> Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary,in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester:And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the year 1695, intituled, "An Act for erecting a " Bank in Scotland and that several Acts were passed in the 14th, 24th, 32d, and 34th years of His present Majesty, for increasing the Capital Stock of the said Company; and Vox.. 59.

Bink of

Scotland

Petition.

that the said Batik of Scotland being of very great National advantage, a farther fncreate of its Capital Stock will tend still more considerably to the advancement of Commerce, Agriculture, and Manufactures, and be otherwise highly beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Pulteney, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meetTo-hiorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have,

Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth, in >Yorklhif« the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, from the great increase of the Manufac- tureri ture of Woollen Cloth, in the said County, and the very Petition, diffeient methods of manufacturing the fame by Machinery and otherwise, the Acts how in force respecting Woollen Cloth are very inadequate to regulate and direct the fame:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the better regulating and directing the Trade and Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the coh-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lafcedes, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they, are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, Derby and passed in the 32d year of his late Majesty, and the 3d year Newcastle-of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road URtadLyme from the Town of Derby to the Town of Petition.

Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from ’

Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a considerable sum of money borrowed on credit of the Tolls now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and further powers granted: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in It Bill for the purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augnffus Henry Caven-dish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rcchdale Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge ^mmiued of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works ro be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 34th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, ’Mr.Blackburneof Lancajldre, be.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from pank the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Restri£tion continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the re^or’te<i. Parliament of Ireland, in the 37th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions of Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Y,

A. 1804

Committee on Acts relating to the Revenue of Ireland, deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill,

prefen ted.

Ilchester

Elation—

Committee

appointed.

Aylesbury

Election-

Petition

considered.

82 14—15°

Ordered, That the fad Bill be read the third time upon Friday next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made yesterday> for the House to resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty j and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 43d years of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. James Adams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered \That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift as follows:

Matthew RuJfeU, Esquire, Sir William Baronet,

John Penn, Esquire, Henry Shelley, Esquire, John,

Liquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, George William Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Robert Esquire, Dugdale Stratford Dugdale, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Herbert Pierrepont, Charles Chester, Esquire, Sir Charles Talbot, Baronet.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel and agents were again called in.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, That the said thirteen Members had by themselves chosen Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet, and the Honourable Christopher Hely Hutckinson, to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet, and the Honourable Christopher Hely , were added to

the said thirteen names.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough of Ilrintfler, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire j and also the Petition of the Reverend William LJoyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Browne, A Chaplin, John Barker, Edwara Alston, Robert Smith, Francis Fleet, John William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf of themselves and others, the legal Electors of the Borough of Aylesbury, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being come -,

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Seledf Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

Februarii.

And being returned;

The House was counted, by Mr. Speaker, and one hundred and twenty-two Members being present j ‘

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the counsel for one of the fitting Members having Rated, that there were more than two parties before the House, the interests of the fitting Members being distinct from each other $ and the counsel for the Petitioners having stated, that they had no reason to disbelieve the statement made by the counsel on the other fide;

The laid Petitions were read.

And the House proceeded in the appointment of a ’Committee, as in the eftfe of more than two parties on distinct interests.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner, until the whole number of forty-nine names was complete.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Sir James Pulteney, Baronet, was drawn, who stated. That he commands the Troops Rationed in the County of SuJJ'ex, and that he came to Town but for a few days; and thinks that his absence for a longer time might be of material inconvenience to the Public Service; and having

verified the fame upon oath, he was exculed; and;

the name of Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, President of

the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India,

was also drawn; and he being again sworn, was ex- I

cufed 5 and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select

Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

Mr. Wigram reported from the Committee, to whom West India the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee reportSi had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a Road from the West India Docks, in the Isle of , to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a, branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Atme, all in the County of Middlesex, for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned j and for more effectually amending and keeping in repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the Weft end of Brook Street, into Cable Street and from Upper Shadwell Street, into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was read:—And,

Mr. William Baker, being examined, laid. That the Petitioners haw proceeded in the execution of the said Act, for which purpose they have not only expended the whole of the sum authorized by the said Act to be raised on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but have also contrafted Debts to a considerable amount j and that the money so raised Rill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Debts be discharged, and the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increased.

i And

44 Geo. III. 15° Februarii, 83

And being further examined, he said. That it would would tend greatly to the benefit of the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, and of public utility, if a collateral branch were made from and out of the Road directed to be made by the said recited Act, and thereby galled The Commercial Road, at or near the North-east corner of Limehouse Churchyard, to communicate with the East India Docks about to be made at Blackwall, to-

fether with the several other branches mentioned in the 'etition; and that if such branches were made subject and liable to the powers and provisions of the said Act, and put under the care and management of the Trustees for executing the fame.—Then,

Several Acts,passed in the 27th year of his late Majesty, and in the 5th, and 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, for opening, making, and keeping in repair, the Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon into

the Road leading into the County of Essex, and other Roads, were read.—And,

Mr. Baker being further examined, laid. That the pow'ers and provisions of the said Acts, passed in the 5th , and 39th ana 40th years of His present Majesty, have been

found defective and insufficient in several respects; and that it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

Ordered, That leave be giveh to bring in a Bill, for altering and enlarging the term and powers of an Act, made in the 42d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Iste of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also,

* of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the

laid County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several new collateral branches to communicate with the East India and London Docks: And that Mr. Wigram, Sir John William , Sir William

Curtis, Mr. Alderman Combe, and Sir Charles Price, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Canterbury Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to jbble^Road, whom the Bill for keeping in repair the Roads leading Bill, reported, from Saint Dunstan’s Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Sea-fide at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee 5 had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

incoTn and Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Ntwark Roads the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts fmnon, thereinafter-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a place called Liltlegate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barnby Gate, in and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes to Mansfield, and from Southwell to in the County of Nottingham: And also.

An Act passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the above-mentioned Act, anti lor repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post, were severally read.—And,

Mr. Edward Smith Godfrey being examined, said. That Vol. 59.

the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money * on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark-upon-Trent, and from the Guide Post at the

Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post: And that Mr.

Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, pursuant to Abstract of their Order, subdivision

General Abstract of the Subdivision Rolls required by fented.Pre* Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96. so far as the fame can be at present made up from the Returns transmitted to the Office of the Secretary of State for the Home Department.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Abstract be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Land Owners, Barley Growers, and Petitions of Maltsters, of the County of Norfolk: And also. Barley Grow-

A Petition of the Land Owners, Barley Growers, and KorMk^nd Maltsters, of the County of Suffolk,' whole names arc Suffolk, thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, with the utmost concern, seen that the late heavy additional Duties on Malt have occasioned a considerable decrease in the consumption of Barley; and that they admit that the Barley crop of 1801 was good and abundant, but, from causes unknown to them (till lately) the sale of Barley became all at once dull, and a gradual decrease in the price succeeded; and that the Petitioners conceive that the great and unexpected rapid decrease in the sale and price of Barley was owing to the rectifying Distillers of this part of the kingdom supplying themselves with Raw Spirits from Ireland considerably cheaper than the Malt# Distillers of this country could afford to supply them, in consequence of which the Malt Distillers did but little business during the season, and the Barley Gowers thereby sustained considerable loss by the decrease it occasioned in the consumption and price of their Barley, and the public a decrease in its Revenue; and that as no foreign market for Barley or Malt is likely to offer, the Petitioners are apprehensive the fame may become wholly unfaleable after the Brewers shall have taken off their usual consumption, unless a Drawback on the Exportation of Spirits is allowed the English Distillers, to induce them to consume it; and that the Petitioners also conceive that, in consequence of the Union with Ireland, and the great change the Corn Trade of Europe has undergone within the last ten years, the Corn Act of the 31st of His present Majesty is wholly inadequate to the purpose intended by the Legislature at that time, extremely unequal in its operation, injurious to agriculture, and requires to be revised and altered according to existing circumstances: And therefore praying, That the House will take the above matters into its early consideration, that the revenue Laws respecting the importing VValh or Raw Spirits from Scotland and Ireland may be

revised,

Shrulding field

Inclosure

Petition.

Aberdeen

Roads

Petition.

Veterinary

College

Petition.

84

15" Februarii. A. 1804.

revised, and that the Duty on Importation thereof from Scotland and Irela, and the Duty on the fame Manufacture in this part of the kingdom, may be so regulated as to prevent the Scotch and lrish Malt Distillers Supplying the Rectify-

ing Distillers with Walh or Raw Spirits, to the prejudice of the Petitioners and the English Malt Distillers, and also to the Public Revenue; and that the Corn Act of the 31st of His present Majesty may be revised and altered, and the Imports and Exports of all parts of the United Kingdom regulated upon a fair and permanent basis.

•And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Shaddingfield, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and that it would be of great advantage to the parties interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Provost, in name of the Magistrates " and City Council of Aberdeen, and also of the several persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, in name of the Land Holders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Trustees named in the Act after-mentioned, for the County of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Aberdeen, Northward, until it joins the present

Turnpike Road from the Bridge of Don to Ellon, is very much out of repair, narrow and incommodious, and in some places dangerous to Travellers; and that it would be of great advantage to the City and County of Aberdeen, if powers were given to make a new Line of Road, beginning at the South fide of a Foot Road or Lane adjacent to and upon the East fide of the High Road leading to Old Aberdeen, called Love Lane, to be carried from thence Northward until it join the present Turnpike Road from the Bridge of' Don to Ellon, at or near the houses lately occupied by the partners of the Don Distillery, passing’ through the parish of Old Ma, and for building the necessary Bridges on the said Road; also for repealing certain parts of an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in repair several Roads in the County of Aberdeen: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition te referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to hem, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Farquhar, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: and they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary,

being offered to be presented to the House,

Mr. Hiley Addington (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the confederation-of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6th of February 1795, their exertions have been continued to carry into effect the several beneficial purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment; and that, under the heavy preshire of debt, of which an account is before the House, without further aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to perfection an Establishment which, from the

advantages accruing from the more skilful care of so important a branch of public property as the horles of the Army, is become, more than ever, an object of National importance: And therefore praying for relief. j

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.;

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board Petition of of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the Apiculture. House,

Mr. Hiley Addington (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address from the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the internal improvement of the country; the Petitioners have the satisfaction to acquaint the House, that the important purposes intended by that Institution are carrying on, and are likely to be;

attended with beneficial effects to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may be supported by a Grant for the present year, to such an amount'as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, according to Order, reported Report East from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine In'liaJudiC4’ the several Lifts which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the directions of an Act, made in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trial of Persons accused of certain offences committed in the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to-report to the House the name of every Member whose name appeared in twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the names of such persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the offices or employments therein specified, fhoald be struck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Sir Charles Talbot, Baronet, William Lygon, Esquire,

Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, Sir Charles Morice Pole,

Baronet, Lord Henry Petty, William , Esquire,

Henry Jodrell, Esquire, Daniel Giles, Esquire, Thomas Fydell, Esquire, Robert Fellowes, Esquire,

Esquire, Rowland Bur don, Esquire, George

Esquire, Anthony Henderson, Esquire, Jefferys Allen, Esquire,

Lord Viscount Marsham, Lord Viscount Dunlo, Lord Viscount Sudley, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Sir Laurence Parsons, Baronet, Sir William Geary, Baronet, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Baronet, William HuJJ'ey, Esquire, the Honourable Henry Lascelles, Lord Viscount Boyle, William Mitford, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, the Honourable Richard Ryder, JoJep/i Holden Strutt, Esquire, William Sturges Bourne, Esquire,

Charles Adams, Esquire, Sir John Stuart, Baronet, William Plumer, Esquire, the Honourable John Scott, isaac Hawkins Brozvne, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, James Langbam,

Esquire, George Wood, Esquire, William Dickinson, junior,

Esquire.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Act respect-Session of Parliament, for allowing Vessels employed in the Fi^ry^tobe Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number conridered. of men at certain Ports for the present season, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide* of the said Act.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for debt in the Norwich County Gaol at Norwich, was presented to the House, potion.

and

j

OOQ

85

44 Geo. III. 15° — 16J Februariu

and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift, as follows:

• Sir John Dafhwood King, Baronet, Sir William Baronet, Gabriel Tucker Stezvar Esquire, Francis John Browne, Esquire, John Smith Esquire, of Wendover, Sir George Cor new all. Baronet, John Hammet, Esquire, Sir Jacob Henry AJiley, Baronet, Pafcoe Grenfell, Esquire, Sir Hugh Inglis, Baronet, John Bu/ler, Esquire, the Lord Ojjh/flon, Edward Berkeley Portman, Esquire.

And the said thirteen Members withdrew.

And the counsel and agents withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the coun-fcl and agents, were again called in; and the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, that the said thirteen Members had chosen Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Baronet, and Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of bury, were iworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for want of a good Harbour in Carnarvon Bay, on the Coast of the District of Llun, in the County of Carnarvon, a great number of vessels have been from time to time, shipwrecked, the lives of many brave Seamen have been loft, and the trade carried on through St. George's Channel has been thereby materially injured, and is exposed to great risque and peril; and that a good Harbour in the said Bay, on the Coast of the said District of Lldn, would not only prevent the occurrence of similar misfortunes, and afford shelter and security to Vessels trading through the said Channel, but would also facilitate the communication between Great Britain and Ireland; and that, if a Pier, and other Works, were erected in the Harbour of Porthdinllain,in the said Bay, and on the

Coast of the said District, it would be an excellent Harbour, capable of affording complete protection to the largest Vessels trading through the said Channel, and would, from its favourable situation, and other circumstances, open the most direct, expeditious, and secure communication between London and "Dublin: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calcraft, Sir Robert Williams, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Befolved. That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Vol. 59.

determined*

Jovis, 16° die Febru;

Anno 44° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Maldonand Petition of the several Persons whose names are Election— thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Mentions Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough considered. of Malden, in the County of Essex, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Mr. Henry Lascelles, from the Select Committee who windsor were appointed to try and determine the merit-s of the Petition of Richard Ramsbottom, of Clewer Cottage, in the County of Berks, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of New Windsor, in the said County, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Robert Fulke Greville is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New Windsor:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That John Williams, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the Petitioner the said Richard Ramsbottom,

Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That the last election for the said Borough, so far as re-, lates to the said John Williams, Esquire, is void:

• And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said Richard Ramsbottom,

Esquire, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That the opposition of the said John Williams, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Henry Lascelles also acquainted the House, That Special Report the said Select Committee had come to several Belolutions, EkaionCom-which they had directed him to report the House; and he mittee. read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that at the last election for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, John Williams, Esquire, hath, by his agents, committed acts of bribery and treating, whereby he is incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon such election.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that at the last election for the said Borough, Richard Esquire, hath, by his agents, committed acts of bribery.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the v/indfor Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect- VVllt’ ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of John Williams, Esquire, whose election for the said Borough has been determined to be void.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and thirty-two Members being present;

And the Petition of the several Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough cf ton, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

Z The

86

16° Februa

A. 1804..

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Mai don, into cdnfn eiation, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of William Draper Bejl, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying tire Honiton election, by the counsel for the fitting Members, in that case.

And the name of Robert Steele, Esquire, being drawn *, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Maldon election', by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the fitting Members nominated Thomas Creevey, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Master of the Rolls was drawn; and he being again sworn, was excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or up-‘ wards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and ether names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Maldon election, the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

SJoniton The Order of the day for taking into consideration the

&lcaion— said Petition, complaining of an undue election and return Consideration , Tr •, j

adjourned. for thmtonwas read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw by lot, <5ut of the fame dalles, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the direc-tions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of Sir John Newport, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the names of twenty-eight Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and one other name was set aside, the return of the Member not having been brought in fourteen days.

Atfd the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn; and it appearing that there wanted twenty-one names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened; the parties, their counsel and agents, w.thdrew.

Mai ton and A Petition of several Tru flees for carrying into execu-

RMdPetftion. tion certain Acts, made in the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Nortl end of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable sum of money on credit of the Tolls, which remains due, with an arrear of interest; and the lame cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good repair, unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and further powers given: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,

7

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Leonard Alien, jo/ni Scarr, OfivalJ Ron! h,

Thomas Routh, Gentlemen, and icveral other Persons whole names are thereunto subscribed,'was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Manor or Lcidship of Bainlr'nhe, in the Parish of Aifganh, in the North Hiding of the County of York, certain Commons, Moors^ or WafLs, and aish certain Commoa Stinted Patlures; and that if the lame were divided and inclosed, they would be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Tcrke, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Netheuh’e

of Netherdale, in ti e Parish of Kirkhy Malzeard, in the pnclo:urc

West Riding of the County < f York, and of the several

other Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; felting forth, Tint

the^e are in the Township of Steanbcchup, in the said

Manor, a common Stinted Pasture, called Midd/e/m^or in

Moors and also certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons; and

that it the fame ware divided and inclosed, they would be

greatly improved: And therefo c prying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bin for th. Te purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to b. ing in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the i'ard PeMti on: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilber force do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

r J

Ir.c'iOlurfc '

Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose names are there- r_____

r , r ■. , , . Fiming Com*

untotublcribed, being interested in the trade, commerce, pony's reu-navigation, and prosperity of this Kingdom, was presented tl0"-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the extenlioa and improvement.of Fisheries are of the highest importance , to the preservation of the wealth, trade, commerce, navigation, and Naval strength of this Kingdom; and that the establishment of a Fishing Company would tend to the general prosperity of the Country, and advance the ob-jeds of the institution of The Marine Society, by finding employment for great numbers of indulb ious Poor, and by training up for the Navy multitudes of destitute and friendlel's Boys, and would also be the means of reducing the price of provisions, by an increase of wholesome food; and that the establishment of such a Company in the Metropolis, on account of its great and increasing population, would likewise be productive of very extensive advantages:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referied to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honyzvood,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingr- ffed Bill for keeping in repair the Roads leading from Saint Dnnjlan sCrofs to Nath Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Sea fide at ill fable, in tire

County of Kent, was read the third time ..

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for keeping in repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunflan's Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury^ and to the Sea-lide at Whiljlabie,in the County of Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Cnnterbt-ry; and Whin!* bit Roads Bill parted.

Mr. Wat [on reported from the Committee, to whom the c.mterimn-Petition of tire Mayor and Commonalty of the City of improvement Canterbury, and County of the fame City, in Burghmote allenrbled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Oders of the House,

relative to BnL for improving any City or Town, had been comp ied with; and ;hut the Committee had cx mimed the matter of the 4aid Petition, and had directed him to re-

port

i^-

4-1 Geo. III. 16° Fcbruarii.

8?

port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ‘Thomas Hammond, Esquire. Town Clerk of the said City, being examined, said, That there is not at present any direct or convenient Streeter Road for carriages to pals from the ITgh Street and several other parts of the City of Canterbury, to the public Turnpike Road leading from the said City, to the Isle of Thanet, and other places northward of

the lame City, to which there is a great resort of persons , and carnages: That it would tend greatly to the safety and accommodation, as well of all persons resorting to those places, as of the Inhabitants of the said City, and likewise be of great public utility, if a new Street was to be made from the said Street called The High Street to a certain other Street in the said City called Palace Street, which communicates with the said Turnpike Road.—And the Witness further said. That the Petitioners are feiled in Fee Simple of the capital Messuage late an Inn, called The Red Lyon, and divers Coach Houses, Stables, Out Buildings, and Ground lying in the line of the said intended new Street, and are willing and desirous to take down such parts of their said capital Messuage, Coach Houses, Stables, and Buildings, as shall be found necessary to open and make the said new Street; and to purchase such other Messuages, Buildings, and Ground, as are standing, lying, and being in the line of the said intended new Street; and to open, lay out, and make such new Street; and are also . desirous that suitable Houses and Buildings should be erected on each fide thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Can-, terbury to open and make a new Street from the High

Street to Palace Street, within the said City: And that Air. Watson and Mr. John Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stidon . The parties in the case of the Maldon election being re-

Cwa'ktT" *unied to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said

Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to whichdift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Right honourable William Windham, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Hugh , Esquire, Edward

Morris, Esquire, William , Esquire, the Marquis of

Titchfield,the Right honourable Charles Long, the Honourable Charles James Fox, Henry Bankes, Esquire, Lord Robert Spencer, the Honourable Cropley Ashley, John Sargent, Esquire, Nicholas Esquire, Robert

Esquire, Thomas Creevey, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for , were sworn

by the Clerk at the Table in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one erf the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

.Brecon Road* A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and

(read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon, to the Parish of , and to Whitney

' Ptifihge, in the County of Hereford, and for building a

Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County; and that an Act was also passed, in the 22d year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the term and power of the said Act, so far as relates to such of the Roads, com prized in the said Act, as lie in the County of Herefordi and that the Petitioners have borrowed several considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be {raid off, nor can the said Roads be amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Vox.. .59.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Matthews,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Cumberland herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and We*tn^orianj read; setting forth, That several Acts were passed in the Road*

2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for widening, Petition, repairing, and amending the Road from HJkett, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Wkinlatter, to Keswick, in the county of ; and from Keswick, by Dunmail Rays and Amblejide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; and from Plumb-garth's Cross, rftar Kirby in Kendall, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland', and from Kefivick to the Town of Penrith, in the County of -

land; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred Mr. James Graham, Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Benh Walsh presented to the House, according to Radnor and Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 7th and 24th years presented. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the' said Acts mentioned; and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fe,cond time.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the Ashbome and House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, Road* and enlarging and altering the powers, of two Acts, made in presented. the 2d and 2 2d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbome, in the County of , to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to confo. Monday last, for reading a second time, Tommorrow, the '^te Volun-Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several *’

Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Marine reading of the Bill for the regulation of His Majesty’s , Royal Marine Forces while on shore, be now read. comnu

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Committee on Act respect-inp: Greenland Fishery.

Reported*

Bill ordered.

Duke of York’s Estate Bill, deferred.

Mutiny Bill/ deferred.

Honiton Election— Petition conli lered.

Maldon

Election

determined.

88 16°—17 ° F 1804.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the

Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full num-" ber of men at certain Ports, for the present season," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports, for the present season.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports, for the present season: And that Mr. Henry Alexander and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of W

Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chert fey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for & valuable consideration.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itfelfitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

That Charles Callis Western, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petition appeared to the said Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, undone hundred and forty-four Members being present; s

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked; s

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of William Draper Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Members.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being,

complete ;:

The counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir John a

port. Baronet, to serve, on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the:

counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

A Petition of themost noble Francis Marquis of , IkenInc!o.u»

and the humble Petition of several other Proprietors of i>eUtKm‘ Common Rights, Lands, or Hereditaments, in the Parish of I ken, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Trail and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame. •. -

----- = 1 " 1 *• A Petition of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, and Dee Embank

TT . e-o 7* ~n l of several other Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tene- mentPetition

r OTICrIS) 1 / (lie Leu?UCUll 3 ments, within the Township of in the Manor and

Parish of Haivarden, in the County of was presented Anno 44° Georgii IIIliI Regis, 1804. to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was

passed, in the 26th year of his late Majesty, for confirming Prayers. aq agreement entered into between the Company of Pro-

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the praetors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving Petition of the several Persons, whose names are th/fe Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne, Ba-thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Honiton,rc/net. Lord of the Manor of Haivarden, anil several Frce-in the County of Devon,on behalf of t’nemselves and others, holders and Occupiers of Land, within the said Manor;

Elector of the said Borough, complaining of an undue and for explaining, and amending three several Acts, of the election and return for the said Borough, being come; 6th, 14th, and 17th years of His present Majesty, for re-The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select covering and preserving the Navigation of the said River; Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said and that another Act was passed, in the iSth year of His Petition. present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and preserving a

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the certain Common, or parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members called Saltney within the said Manor and Parish;

on the business of the House.- and that the last mentioned Act is, in many respects, de-

And being returned; * festive, and the powers thereof require to be altered and

enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given Mr. Windham, from the Select Committe, who were ap- to bring in a Bill, for more effectually maintaining, repair-pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of ing, and keeping in repair, the Embankments, \\ alls, the several persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Fences, Sluices, Drains, and other Works, on the South on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of Members fide of the Chanel of the said River, within the said Manor to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Maldon, in the and Parish; and for erecting, making, and keeping in repair.

County of Essex, informed the House, such other Embankments, Sluices, Works, and' Fences, as

That the said Committee have determined, shall besufficient to prevent any injury or damage being

That JoJ'eph Holden Strutt, Esquire, is duly elected a done to all or any of the Allotments, or parcels of Land,

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough made and inclosed under and by virtue of the said Act of of Maldon, in the County of Essex: the 18th year of His present Majesty, by reason of the flux

And also, that the said Committee have determined, and reflux of the tides, or by the overflowing and inemfions - 6 of

Sink ipearf Gallery Bill, p relented.

; Saint Alban’s j Paving Bill,

* committed.

Gonerby Inclosure Petition.

j Carlby

1 Inclosure I Petition.

Dalkeith

Peeing

Petition,

reported.

44 Geo. HI. 17° Febru. 89

of the said River, and for altering and enlarging the powers and provisions contained in the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Boy dell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of Lonand JoJiak Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Gal-

lery, by way of chance: And the fame was received; and read the first time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets and other public passages and places within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poyntz, Mr. Cowper, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlozv, and the humble Petition of Sir Baronet, Thomas Easton, Clerk, and several other Proprietors of Estates in the Lordship or Liberties of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe-cum-Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Lordship or Liberties several Open and Comrnon Fields, Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chaplin, and Sir William Earle Welby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and the humble Petition of several other Pro-* prietors of Open Field Land and old Inclosures within the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Stinted Pastures, Meadows, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, and it would be for the benefit of the persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and if compensation were made for all the Tythes arising therefrom, and from certain old inclosed Lands in the said Parish: Anti therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chaplin and General Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution the Acts thereinafter mentioned, and or hers, Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts jpafied in the'33d year of his late Majesty, and in the zzd

Vo i. 59.

year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling on every Scots pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed lor sale, or vended in the said Town and Parish, to be applied fur repairing the Streets, and supplying the Inhabitants with Water, were read: And,

Mr. John Setott Kerr,being examined, said, That the be-

neficial purposes for which the said Acts were passed cannot be completed in the present term, which is near expiring, nor unless they are further enlarged, explained, and amended.—And the Witness added, That in the said Town there has long been established a public Market for Corn, Cattle, and all forts of produce, which has been hitherto held in the principal street, to the great annoyance of the Inhabitants and of others resorting thereto; and that it would greatly promote their ease and comfort, and increase the trade and prosperity of the said Town, if powers were given to remove the said Market, and to purchase ground whereon to erect buildings for holding the fame in a more convenient situation, and to regulate the conduct of persons using such Market; and if further and other powers were also given for paving, lighting, repairing, and cleansing the said Streets, and removing all obstructions and nuisances therefrom.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scot\, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer, brewed for sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith-, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein: And that Mr. William Dundas and the Earl of Dalkeith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to AcRim Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Town ship-of Bi nl,° I'er e u ted Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl w’Rwood

borough, and the humble Petition of several other persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Manor and Township of Whitwood, in the Parish of Feat hoJl one, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That within the said Manor and Township, there is a large Common or tract of Waste Ground, called Whitwood Common, and also several pieces or parcels of Common or Waste Ground; and that it would be very beneficial to the persons interested, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates within the Ham- Tottington let of Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and read; letting ’

forth. That there are in the said Hamlet several Open and Common Fields; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, lor those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Atkins and Lord Viscount Andover do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of ^0lj;"er4

Goring,in the County of Sussex, was presented to the petiuc'n* House, and read; setting forth, That there arc in the said Parish; several Open and Common Fields and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Atkins A a and

Gotham

Inclosure

Petition*

Poultry and Ludgate Debtors Petitions.

Gloucester and Oxford Roads Petition.

Sutton

Inclosure

Petition.

l ong Marton I nclolure Petition.

90 17 —20° Ftbruarii. A. 1804.

and Lord VHcount Andover do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in the Parish of in

the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands; and that if the lame were divided and inclosed, and compensation made for the Tythes arising within the said Parish, it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Petitioners, and to the improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That lfcave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Curzon and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Poultry Compter, London: Andalfo,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Prison of Ludgate;

Were severally presented to the House, and readj complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending an Act, of the 28th year of his late Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Glwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in amending and repairing the said Roads, a large debt hath been contrafted, and ft ill remains due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in repair, and the said debt paid off, unless the term and powers of the said Act be further continued: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Sir Charles Pole, Baronet, and of several other

Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish there are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be an advantage to all parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Admiral Berkeley and Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther, and the humble Petition of several other Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Manor of Long Marton, in the County of Westmoreland, several Open Commons and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the pfayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Michael leFleming and Mr. James Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord- tJreenhrM ing to Order, a Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the presented.11’ Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports, for the present season: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said committee Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to appointed, which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable William Brodrick, Robert Dallas, Esquire.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Baronet, Sir Robert Lawley,

Baronet, George Wood, Esquire, the Honourable St.

Andew St. John, John Fonblanqtie, Esquire, William Stephen Poyntz, Esquire, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, the Honourable John William Ward, the Honourable Andrevj Foley, James Brogden, Esquire, James Lowther, Esquire,

Sir John Newport, Baronet, William Draper Bejl, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Honiton, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Notai*» better regulation of Public Notaries in And that 1 ,or eie '

Dr. Duigenan and Lord De Blaquiere do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, rpade in the Parliament of Ireland Bill, deferred, in the 37th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, be read the third time upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to erre consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply * erre granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, <^J{tr!1nt^BlU' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon e errt the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock, Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was paired in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads, from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth; and that in prole-cution of the said undertaking, the said Company have borrowed considerable sums of money, which still remain due; and a certain part of the said line of Canal, being in length 10 thirteen

44 Geo. III. 20° Febr91

thirteen miles, still remains incomplete; and it is expedient that the said Company should, for the purpose of discharging the said debt, and finithing and completing the said undertaking, be enabled to raiie further sums of money; and that certain other of the powers and provisions of the said Act should- be altered and, enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. ruddocke Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet To-monow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

?rreon a«i<l A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act Vuuoa.ld under-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon; and also the Road through Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Llyfwen, in the same County; and that the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable sum of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the Petitioners were discharged from the care and management of lo much of the said Roads as leads through Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Llyjwett; and if, instead thereof, the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate, through the Village of Mandduw,to the Gate leading to Common, being in length three miles, or thereabouts, were put under the care and management of the Petitioners, and made a part of the Road comprized in the said Act: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, docke Wyndham, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ombridge A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts and Ely K«d herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Acts were passed in the 3d, 5th, and xoth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouje, at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable iums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads and Bridge be properly and effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the Petitioners were discharged from the care and management of so much of the Road mentioned in the said Acts, as isfituated between the Guide Post upon Stretham Common, in the Parish of Stretham, and a House in the Town of IVilburton, formerly in the occupation of George Farrin, Gentleman; and if, instead thereof, the Road from the North end of Short Lane, in the said Parish of Stretham, to or near the said House, and from thence through Wilberton and Hop Row, to Haddenham End , and from thence to and through Staple Leys and Ballam , in the Parish of Wentworth, to join the present Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Elf to the Town of Mepal, VoL. 59.

at a place nearly opposite to the turn leading to the 'Town of Witcham, in the said Isle of Ely, were put under the care and management of the 'Petilioners, and made a part of the Roads comprized in the said Acts; and that the Road leading from the Weft end of Hop Roto aforesaid, to and through Hihrow, and from thence by and along the causeway (leading to a place Called The Hermitage) to The Hermitage, and from thence to and along Earith Bridge, through the Hamlet of Earith, in the Cdu ty of Huntingdon, to join the Road leading from the Town of Saint Ives, in the said County, to the said Hamlet, is greatly out of repair, and in many parts narrow and incommodious; and it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said last mentioned Road were to be amended, widened, and kept in repair by the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Secretary Torke, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John, from the Select Committee Honiton who were appointed to tiy and determine the merits of the a^Uied.. Petition of the several persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of in the.

County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others,

Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined, ‘

That Sir John Honywood, Baronet, is duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That George Shttm, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of Lambeth the Poor, and other Officers of the Parish of St. Mary, §tr":m Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, etIt,on* and all other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Streets, and other public passages and places in the said Parish, are not duly or sufficiently cleansed, and it would tend greatly to the benefit, convenience, health, and safety, as well of the.Inhabitants of the said Parish, as of all other persons resorting to, or travelling in, over, or through the lame, if powers were given more effectually to cleanie the fame, and also for removing and preventing all nuisances and annoyances within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RuJJell, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execu- Scotch inland tfon an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for N*lsa*,on granting to His Majesty the ,sum of £.20,000 towards the *uon* expence of making an Inland Navigation from the E&itcrn to the Western Sea, by JaverneJs and Fort , and for

taking the necessary Heps towards executing the lame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and several works have been undertaken under their

92

20° Feb ruarii. . 1804.

Fiftiing

Company’s

Petition,

reported.

Deptford

Paving

Petition.

Sutton and Newport Roads, Fttmen.

their direction; and that, in pursuance of the powers given by the said Act, the Petitioners have also fixed on the proper line for the said Navigation, and have caused Plans thereof to be prepared, together with an Estimate of the Expence of executing the fame: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into farther execution the purposes of the said Act, and making the said Inland Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hawkins Sir William

Pulteney,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the trade, commerce, navigation, and prosperity of this Kingdom, was referred; That the Committee had examined the mat ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas King, Assistant Secretary to The Marine Society, being examined, said, That the extension and improvement of Fisheries are of the highest importance to the preservation of the wealth, trade, commerce, navigation, and naval strength of this Kingdom; and that the establishment of a Fishing Company, would tend to the general prosperity of the Country, and advance the objects of the Institution of The Marine Society, by finding employment for great numbers of industrious Poor, and by training up for the Navy multitudes of destitute and friendless Boys, and would also be the means of reducing the price of provisions by an increase of wholesome food; and that the establishment of such a Company in the Metropolis, on account of its great and increasing population, would likewise be productive of very extensive advantages.— And being further examined, he said. That a plan for ac-complishing this desirable object, has been maturely considered and agreed upon, and Subscriptions to a considerable amount entered into for that purpose.—Then,

Mr. Thomas Howell being examined, confirmed the foregoing evidence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for incorporating certain . persons, and their l'uccelTors, by the name of The Marine Society Fishing Company, for increasing the supply of Fish, for advancing the objects of the institution of The Marine Society, and for conducting and supporting the establishment of such Company: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Blackburn of Newport do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Streets and other public passages and places within the said Parish are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are very incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and all persons resorting thereto, if the fame were paved, cleanied, lighted, watched, and regulated, and nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions removed, and in future prevented: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr.

he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees, for executing two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so

far as relates to the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and through

Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Viewport, in the County of Salop, from a certain part of the said Road between BriJgford and Newport, at or near a place called Weston Wood, over Woods Eaves Common, and through the Town of Eccleshall, to the prefect Turnpike Road at Tit-ten [or, near Trent ham, in the County of Stafford, and from Newport, through Donniugton, to the Buck's Head at ling Street, near Wellington, in the County of and the Road branching from the said Road through Newport to Donington, trom the sign of The Harp, through Brockton and Edgmond, and from thence to the Whitchurch Turn-

pike Road at Chetwynd,in the County of Salop, being the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable lums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain duej and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the puwers thereof altered and enlarged, or otherwise repealed: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. (.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof •, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Richard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of William Moffat, of Hill, in the Kingston

County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, sheetbridge 'and read} setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Koil1 Pcuuoa’ 22d year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Kingston-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, and also the Road from Hindhead Pleatk,through FcrnhurJlLane and to the City

of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, whereby it was provided, That in case any Gate or Turnpike should be erected, by virtue of that Act, within one mile of a certain house, called Pain's Hill, situate in the Parish of Wallon-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, the owmers, occupiers, and inhabitants thereof, and their several workmen, servants, and agents, should and might pal's and repass through the said Gate or Turnpike, with horses, cattle, and carriages, without paying for the same any Toll or Duty at the said Gate or Turnpike; and that two Acts w'ere palfed in the 8th and 32d years of His present Majesty, for'‘more effectually amending and keeping in repair the said Roads j and that the said provision for exemption framToll was not varied, altered, or repealed, by either of the said Acts, but remained in full force and effect, and would have had continuance, if the said Acts had not been repealed, as hereafter mentioned, until the year 1813, and the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, by virtue thereof, the Petitioner, the present'owner, occupier, and inhabitant of the said House called Pain's Hill, and his Successors, owners, occupiers, and inhabitants thereof, and his and their workmen, servants, and agents, were entitled to pass and repass through a certain Gate or Turnpike, erected at or near to Cobham, in the County of Surrey, with horses, cattle, and carriages, without paying for the lame any Toll or Duty; and that an Act was passed in 43d year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the said Road, whereby the fame was divided into two separate Districts, and the term and powers granted by the above-mentioned Acts were continued, enlarged, and amended, the then Tolls increased, and the powers and provisions requisite for that purpose included in one Act, but without therein providing for, or continuing the said Exemption from Toll, as ought to-have been done, or without having given any notice to the Petitioner previous to the passing of the said Act: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to amend the said Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the *3 matter

1C

44 Geo. III. 20°

93

Ceinton

landefield

nclosure

’cation.

Kingbolt

Inclosure

Petition.

Edinburgh

Police

Petition.

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General , Lord

Rujfell, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Reverend Edmund George Tufon,

Thomas Palmer, Thomas Lintern, John Dauncey, and Henry Oburn, was presented to the Home, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Parish of Keinton in the County of Somerset, certain Open and Commonable Lands and Fields; and that it would be of great benefit to all persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to' bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition r And that Mr Dick-inf on and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Aaron Moody, Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Tucker, John Dampier, Samuel and others, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Parish of Kings don, in the County of Somerset, certain Open or Commonable Lands and Fields; and that it would be of great benefit to all parties interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, Ordinary and Extraordinary, for the City of burgh, for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That owing to the extension of the said City, and great increase of the Inhabitants therein, the Suburbs thereof, and places adjacent, it has become necessary to have a general system of Police established for the City, Canongate and Pleasance, and all other places within the present Toll Bars erected on the respective High Roads leading to the said City, and the Houses adjacent thereto; and also for North Leith and Citadel, and the Villages of New-haven, Bonington, Canonmilns, Water of Leith, Rejlalrig, Jocks Lodge, and Portobello, and to have a permanent Magistrate or Justice of the Peace to superintend the whole, with proper powers, and to have Deputies where necessary; and that it has likewise become necessary to have regulations for cleaning and lighting the streets and passages within the aforesaid places; and that a proper number of Watchmen, both by night and day, Be appointed; and also regulations made for the apprehending and punishing of vagrants and disorderly persons who cannot give a proper account of themselves; and also for the more effectual sup-pression of common begging, and removing all kinds of nuisances from the streets and roads within the above limits, and for other purposes tending to the preservation of peace and good order within the City and Suburbs; and that a Tax be imposed upon the whole Inhabitants within the aforesaid limits, for defraying the expence, under the administration of Commissioners; and that it is necessary to veil the Petitioners, the Lord Provost and Magistrates, with more ample powers for licensing and making, and enforcing Regulations and Fares for Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Carts, Porters, Meters of Corns, as well for Edinburgh as in their Port of Leith; and that the Inhabitants have been very much imposed upon in the weight of coals brought in carts to the City and adjacent places, and it will therefore be necessary to authorize the Lord Provost and Magistrates to appoint every Cart to be weighed at Still-yards, to be created for the purpose; and to exact for each Cart a small sum of money sufficient for the payment of persons for fu-perintending the weighing and keeping in repair the Still-yards, the money to be repaid to the drivers of Carts by the conlumers and purchalerS of the Coals, and to make and enforce regulations for that purpose; and that it is necessary to authorize the Lord Prcrvoft and Magistrates to Vol. 59.

take cognizance of Bread, and to make and enforce Regulations for making it of an uniform weight at whatever the felling price may be, whether baked in Edinburgh or in the Suburbs, or brought there from the Country; and that it is also necessary to extend the Royalty over certain grounds lately purchased by the City, and other grounds on the north of the City, belonging in property to the Governors of George Heriot's Hospital, and the Trustees of David Steuart, Esquire: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Robert Dundas, flee.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees upon the Sholts and - Glasgow drieTurnpike Roads, in the County of Lanark, was pre-£°"* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Pet,*l°* Acts were passed in the 31ft, 32d, and 39th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from,

by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that it would be of advantage to the Public, if farther improvements were made upon these Roads, and that certain other Roads branching therefrom, or connected therewith, which are at present in bad repair, were properly made, and the whole put and, kept in good order, under the direction of the Trustees; but the fame cannot be carried into effedfc unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, and the powers and authorities granted thereby altered and amended: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William , Mr. Robert

Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Whole-year Lands, Sporleand Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commonable ^foifare Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Petition. Sporle, and Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be highly beneficial to the persons interested:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry AJlley and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts: Stockport herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and p^on. read; setting forth. That several Acts were passed in the 5th and 10th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of , to Saxon's Lane End, in the County of and from the Cross in Ashton-under-Line, in the County of to Doctor's Lane Head, in the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road in the Township of Bredbury,to Mottram, in the county of;

and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, a great part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued; and that it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted instead thereof, in one Act:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Bb And’

Lincoln and Newark Roads Bill, presented.

Durham

Election

determined.

Durhairi

Writ.

Wheatley

Inclosure

Petition.

Ashborne and Leek Roads Bill,

committed.

Canterbury Improvement Bill,prel'ented.

Leicester Inclosure Bill, committed.

94

20° Febniarii. A. 1804.

And it is referred to Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Blackburne of Lan-cashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a place called Littleg, at the top of Leaden-ham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark-upon-Trent, and from the Guide

Poll at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Weft lide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Steele, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of the several persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed. Citizens and Freemen of the City of "Durham, having a right to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Richard Wharton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, That the last election for the said City, so far as relates to the said Richard Whatton, Esquire, is void:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the opposition of the said Richard Wharton, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Durham, in the room of Richard,

Esquire, whose election for the said City has been determined to be void.

* A Petition of several Owners of Lands in Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddefdon, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within Wheatley aforesaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste and other Commonable Lands; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and 22d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecrofl Gate, upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton,in the County of Cwas read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augvfius Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Watson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury, to open and make a new Street from the High-Street to Palace Street, within the said City: And the fame was received.; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of in the County of

Leicester, was read a iecond time.

3

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Babington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Estates Banff Roads in the County of Banff, was presented to the House, and Petition, read: setting forth, That the Road from the Bridge of Banff to the River Spey, at or near Boat of Bog, the Road from Turriff to Portsoy, the Road from Banff to Huntly, the

Road from Portsoy to Huntly, the Road from Banff to Gran-town, the Road from Portsoy to Keith, the Road from Cullen to Keith, the Road from Huntly to Inveraven, the Road from Huntly to Fochabers, the Road from Keith to Boat of Bridge, the Road from Mortlach to Garmouth, and the Road from Keith to Tamentoul, all in the said County, and in the adjoining parts of the Counties of Aberdeen,

Elgin, and Inverness, are in bad repair, and in many places so ruinous that Travellers cannot, at all times, conveniently or safely pass, nor can they be repaired, or kept in repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other powers given; and that the passages over the River Spey, at or near the Boat of Bog, and at or near the Boat of Bridge, are often impassable, or dangerous for Passengers; and that if Bridges were built over the said t

River, at or near those places, and power given to levy 1

Pontages thereon, for supporting and maintaining the fame, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, 1

and all Persons travelling through the said County; and that the Laws now in being for making Roads, and build- E

ing Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found in- a

effectual, in the said County of Banff, to make and main- 3

tain the Roads through the lame generally, and other and further powers are necessary to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and that a reasonable composition in money, in lieu of actual labour, is, in many places, found to be more useful and beneficial than the actual performance of Statute service; and it would be of ad- 11

vantage to the said County, if powers were given to con- j

vert the Statute services into money, and al'certain the rates thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an AssefTment on the Heritors of Lands, and other Persons in the said County, for making and repairing Highways and Bridges through the fame; and that, by an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, and for levying a conversion in lieu of Statute labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, power was given to repair the High Roads and Bridges in the Parishesof Garnery, lnverkeithney, Keith, "Mortlach, and those parts of the Parishes of Alva and Rot hi cm ay, lying lbuth of the River Doveran, in the County of Banff-, and that the Petitioners conceive it would be advantageous to the Heritors of Lands in the said Parishes, and all Persons resident therein, if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Parishes, was repealed, and the High Roads and Bridges therein were placed under the like management as other High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Master of the Rolls, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom ^"Andover the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Commit- Pe*i;,0l\’ tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of or e* the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

44 Geo. III. 20° Februari95

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Wover Worthy through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown;

and also the Road from Worthy aforesaid through

Wherzvell, to the present Turnpike Road at , in

the County of Southampton, were severally read': And,

Mr. William Monckton being examined, said. That the Petitioners have borrowed several turns of money on the credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to con- ' tinue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River-, and also, the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Tozvnjhend and Mr. Brodrick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

LiftofVolun- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of manent1 f’ayV ^ch Volunteer Corps in Great Britain as have been placed kc. ordered, on permanent Pay and Dutyfince 1 ft November 1803, as for as the fame can be made out.

Beamlnlter Mr. Francis John Brozvne presented to the House, ac-presented. * cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beaminster, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

URoa<Tridse A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Petition. herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That an Act was passed in the 25th year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester,to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of and to the Parish of Colwafl, in the County of Hereford, and to the further fide of a place called The in

the Road to the City of IVore eft er, and through a place called Roberts-end Street, to Malvern Chafe, in the County of Worcester ;and that another Act was passed in the 19th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, and altering the powers of the above-mentioned Act, and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle,in the said County, to the River Severn-, and that a considerable sum of money hath been borrowed on credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof amended and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that the Road or Highway leading from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Upton-upon-Severn aforesaid, through Nezv Street, and along a Lane or Highway at the bottom thereof, to or near a Messuage or Tenement called Btirlin, in the Parish of Hanley Castle aforesaid, and down the Road or Highway by the said Messuage or Tenement, till it leads into and communicates with that part of the before-mentioned Road which leads to the further fide of a place called The Rid-Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester-, a certain other Road or Highway leading from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Upton-upon-Severn, through a place there called Pig Market, and from thence along a Lane by the fide of a Field called Bury Field, to the Turnpike in the said Lane, and from the said Turnpike, down the Lane there which leads into and communicates with that part of the before-mentioned Road leading from Upton Bridge to Tirley-, and a certain other Road or Highway leading from a Place called The Ham Gate, in the Parish and near to the Town of Upton-upon-Severn, through certain Streets or Lanes in or near to the said Town, called The Fiftier Rozv and Dunns Lane, till it leads into and communicates with that part of the before-mentioned Road which leads from the Weft end of Upton Bridge to Tirley, are each of them much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious; and it would be a convenience to the neighbourhood, and

Vol. 59.

of great public utility, if powers were given for amending, improving, and keeping the fame in repair: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John William Ward, Mr. Joseph Scott, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, pursuant to Lift of volun-

their Order, nunentpTy’

A Lift of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, which have &c. presented. been placed on permanent Pay and Duty since ift November 1803, a.s far as the fame can be made out.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this Apptndix. volume. (No. 11.)

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, in the Parishes Mumby, &c. of Mumby-with-Chapel, and Hogsthorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parishes several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Chaplin and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution Wigan two Acts, made in the 19th and 35th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in Petition! the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed several sums of money on credit of the Tolls, but find the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the powers of the said Acts are altered and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Holt Leigh, Mr. Hodson, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several persons interested in the Lands in Woodftone the Open Fields and old Inclosures of Woodstone, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and e 1 lon* read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands; and it would be for the benefit of the Proprietors if the lame were divided and inclosed, and if compensation were made for all the Tythes arising therefrom, and from certain old inclosed Lands, in the fame Pari fir: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Mr. Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Commissioners for the care, manage- Staines Bridge ment, and direction, of the Bridge of Staines and Egham P*1011* causeway, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for building

o

Stafford and Sandon Roads Petition.

Committee on Acts relating to the Revenue of Ireland, deferred.

Bramber

Writ.

96 20° Februarii. A. 1804.

building a Bridge c'ross the River Thames from to

Egham,in the Counties of Miand Surrey, the Peti-

tioners were authorized to build the fame, and were empowered to borrow the sum of £. 11,000 for that purpose; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and built a Stone Bridge, by contract, for the sum of £.8,400, but which, owing to the piers sinking, was soon after obliged to be taken down; and that the Petitioners afterwards contracted for the building an Iron Bridge, on Stone Abutments, across the said River, for the sum of £.4,900, which has been lately completed, but the cracking of several parts of the Iron Work has since made it necessary, for the public safety, that the fame should be (hut up, and the old Bridge re-opened; and that the Expences of the said Bridges, and other Works appertaining thereto, have nearly exhausted al! the monies which the Petitioners are authorized to raise 5 and, in order to enable the Petitioners to complete and effectually support the said Bridge, it will be expedient that the Petitioners should be empowered to borrow a further sum, andincrease the lolls, if it shall be found necessary: And therefore praying". That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the mattet thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon,in the County of Stafford; and from the said Town of Stafford,through Bridgfordand Eccleshall, toaplace called

Ireland's Cross near Woore, in the County of Salop-, and from Bridgford aforesaid to a certain (tone which divides the Liberty of Ronton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have bonowed considerable turns of money on credit of the Tolls, with the repayment of which the fame dill continue charged; and vthat the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof, so far as relate to the First District of the said Roads, amended and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JohnWrottejley, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of in

the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of;

Resolved, 'That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the electing of aBurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the room of George Sutton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- iri/h Bank ing of the ingrafted Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, ffu r d. an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 37th ,pww year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until three months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in payment shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of,

in the thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act, made in the forty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last importation Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties of Customspay- poreignship* able in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu to be eon-thereof, might be read. fidered.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the fame Section, for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the same Session, for continuing until the 25th day of March 1804, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns,

Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships. A

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- £Jar‘.ne . solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred. 1 ’ the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Gretnland^ Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at Sommitted.’ certain Ports, for the present season, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That, this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- e ei fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways and ■efalve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred. :onfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

44 Geo. III. 21°—*22° 97

rnjkfergus

xton-

nfidtration

ourned.

idbury kftion-ontide ration jjoumed.

.Varies of Wch-kts d?icnt at Bidots to be rported, fcc.


llonfe to be tilled over.

Martis, 2 10 die

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of EzekielDavys El'quire, complain-

ing of an undue election and return for the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and eighty-eight Members only being present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration; and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into consideration the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tommorrow, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That, when the House shall have proceeded, Tomorrow, to the appointment of Select Committees, for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be then taken into consideration, and the names of the Members shall be drawn, and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let aside: And that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, asufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicenle, That this House be called over Tommorrow.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be fefit for in custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 22° Februarii;

Anno 440 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1804. Prayers.

c-rkkfergu* r~|>HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the E>ction-Ury A Petition of Ezekiel Davys IVilfon, Esquire, complain-Pr.ttions ing of an undue eieftion and return for the County of the toiUde.ed. Town of Carrickfergus,being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was font, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

■' Southwark \ Election

<lf.crm.ucd.

Mr. Burroughs, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir Thomas Turion, of Starborough , in the County of Surrey, Baronet, complaining of an undue eieftion and return for the Borough of S in the County of Surrey, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable George Tierney is duly eleCled a Burgess to ierve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

- Vol. 59.

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir Thomas Turton, Baronet, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or' vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mn Speaker; and two hundred and eleven Members being present;

And the Petition of the several persons thereunder-signed, Electors of the Borough of S. in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an undue election and return

for the said Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Carrickfergus, into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of Robert Hurst, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee, to be appointed for trying the Sudbury election, by the counsel for the fitting Member, in that case.

And the name of Robert Adair, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners, in that case.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

Henry Alexander, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioner; and fames Grah, Esquire, by the counsel for the fitting Member, to serve on the Committee^ for trying the Carrickfergus eieftion.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of Sir William Scott, Knight, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls, were 'drawn; and they being again sworn, were excused; and the names of several other Members, were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Carrickfergus election; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Sudhury Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for 5’e^,?n*.

c, . ° Consideration

Sudbury, was read. adjourned.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glafies, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted

Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the names of forty-seven Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or their returns not having been brought in fourteen days.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn; and it appearing that there wanted two names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration till Tommorrow, at a quarter of an hour before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

A Petition of St. Andrezv St. John, Esquire, and of Gayton^ several other Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, petition.*

C c and

f Bay«ri»ch* ] I Stantsblbllothnk I I Munchen J

Bill to con-folidate Volunteer Act, deferred.

Norman non inclosure Bill, presented.

Carrickfergus

Ble&ion-

Committee

appointed*

Rouiby

inclosure

Petition.

Newton M ul grave, &c inclosure Petition.

22° Februarii.

A. 1804.

and Hereditaments, and entitled to Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, in the Parish of otherwise

•Gayton, in the County of Norf, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are in the said Parish sundry tracts of Whole-year Land, Open and Common Fields, Commdnable Grounds, Half-year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common; and that it would be for the benefit of the parties interested, if Rich rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and intlofed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read for the second reading of the Bill, to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts, relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Nezvland-cum-lVoodhouse in the Parish of Nor-

manton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time;

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The dounfel and agents in the case of the Carrickfergus 'election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed •to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Sir John WrotFesley, Baronet, Thomas Brooke, Esquire, the Right honourable George Rose, William Praed, Esquire, Sir John Honywood, Baronet, TAJheton Esquire,

Joseph Jekyll, Esquire, Patrick Craufurd Bruce, Esquire, John Campbell, Esquire, Thomas Jervis, Esquire, George

Johnstone, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Fulk John Hodfdon Durand, Esquire, Henry Esquire,

James Graham, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Carrickfergus, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of several persons having Right of Common upon the Common or parcel of Waste Land called Roujby Moor, in the Parish of Hinderzvell, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would be of great benefit to the persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, if the fame was divided and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberfor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several persons having right of Common upon the Commons or parcels of Waste Land, called Newton Mulgrave Moor, and Burrowby Moor, in the Parish of Lyth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would be of great benefit to the persons entitled to right of Common upon the said Moors, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in * Bill, pur-fiiant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the liune.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the A(5ls YoikRcwii herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and pet;tl'u-read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 8th year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Ou/flon, to the extent of the Lord 111 ip of Craike, in the County of York; and that another A<fc was passed in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of the said Act as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Ofivaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the care of other parts of the said Road; and that the Petitioners have borrowed con-liderabie lumsof money on credit of the Tolls, which Rill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Road now remaining under their care be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, tome of the powers and provisions thereof altei-ed and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the;

purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- -fideratinn of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. IVilber-force. See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have i

Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the A<5ls herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Petition, read; setting forth, That an Act was palfed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Wort ley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to; and that

an Act was passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the Road leading from Bawtry to Tiii/ley, and from thence to the place where the fame joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable lums of money on credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Yarmouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledling w"t" of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Henry Swann, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City London Coal of London,attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That an

Ad

44 Geo. III,

22° Februarii.

99

Act was made in the last Session of Parliament for estabiiffi- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, piurfuant ing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, to prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and and Mr: Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, fame:, within certain places therein mentioned; and that certain

provisions of the said Act have been found inefficient for A Petition of Edmund Hill, Esquire, oh behalf of him- Yeadin? the purposes thereby intended, and it is n'ecessary that the (elf and other Persons entitled to Rights of Common in pe£n? fame should be altered and enlarged: And therefore pray- the Township or Hamlet of in the Parish of

ing. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Hayes, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Township or Hamlet divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, and, with the inclosed Lands, exonerated from Tythes, they

purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Morten for a fill rdpefling P; rib ns piruitted into Orders in litljnd, ItterrcH to a Committee.

Whitchurch

AaidS

Tetition.

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Charles Price, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Graham and Mr. Alderman Combi do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the " Ministers of the Church to be of found Religion," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Ru-brick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Pried, in Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the con-(ideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That two Acts were passed in the 7th and 25th years of His present Majedv, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Na in the County of Chester, and Newcastle-under Lyne, and from Hinstock to

Nantwich aforesaid; and that the Petitioners have borrowed

In-

•eti-

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Kittling Guildford, on behalf of himself, and other Persons entitled ^j°£ure' to Rights of Common in the Parishes of Kirtling, Silver ley, and Ashley, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there arc in the said several Parishes divers Open and Common Fields; Common Meadows, Lammas Lands, and Half-year Lands, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, and, with the inclosed Lands, exonerated from Tythes, they might be much im- -proved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tnofe purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfyant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham and Mr. Dudley North do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Conlervators of the River Tone, in Tone Navigy the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and t*on feutw*'

read; setting forth, That several Acts were passed in the

considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which IOth and 11th year of King William the Third, and the 6th

Rill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

OrderedThat the said Petition be referred"to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping the said River navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the said County; and that many doubts have arilen as to the construction of certain Clauses in the said Acts, which it is expedient should be explained; and it is also expedient that several of the provisions of the said Acts should b* altered or repealed, and further powers and authorities granted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Clive, Sir William Puhe-ney. See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Oid Weftoa

he lo lu re

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morland, Mr. Hammet, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

Hajrs inclo-Uuc Petition.

Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Old Weston, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham and Lord Viscount Hinckingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Edmund Hill, Esquire, on behalf of himself and other Persons, entitled to Rights'of Common in the

fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of. two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of the reported. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from BramcoteOdd House, in the County of Nottingham, to. the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to

Parish of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, was presented report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

.1 . 11. 1' _j _ j ’ll . .1 ... .... I _c,______i_ j_i:_____1 0:11 ...:.u L_ A______1____».

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, and, with the inclosed Lands, exonerated from Tythes, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Vol. 59.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, at the Clerk’s Table: Where

in

with the Amendments, the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr.

A. 1804

iTrent Bridge

Road Bill,

It ported.

Fofton Bridge and Drayton Road Petition.

Radnor and Hereford Roads Bill, committed.

Committee on Greenland Fishery Bill.

100 22° FebniariL

Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill

to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 20th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-thittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of {jpreral Trustees for putting in execution the Ad herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bridge, in

the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; and that a large debt hath been contracted on credit of the Tolls, which (till remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effedua.ly amended, and kept in repair, unless the powers of the said Act be altered and enlarged, and the term thereof further continued; and that there is a certain ancient Bridge over the Kiver Trent, called Mujkham Bridge, situate upon, and part of, the said Road, and the said Road affords the only convenient communication between , the parts adjacent, and beyond it, and the northern parts of Great Britain; and that the said Bridge is very narrow, and 1 as been found very inadequate for the fafr and commodious passage of carriages and Passengers; and that the Proprietors for the time being of certain Estates, situate at South Mujkham (of which Estates Henry Lord Middleton is the present possessor) are subject and liable to defray the expences of repairing and maintaining the said Bridge; and that it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and the Public in general, if a Bridge, of proper and sufficient dimensions, were erected at or near the feite of the said Bridge; for which purpose it is expedient that the said Trustees should be enabled to erect such Bridge, and agree with the said Lord Middleton, and the Proprietors of the said Estates for the time being, for the payment of an adequate sum of money to the said Trustees, by way of Compensation for exonerating the said Estates from the future repairs and maintenance of the said Bridge: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eyre, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 7th and 24th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned; and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benn Waljh, Sir George Cornezva/l, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports, for the present season.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they hid gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of several Journeymen Calico Printers, and Calico others working in that trade, in the Counties of Lancaster, £nntfr$ Derby, Chester, and Stafford, in England, and in the Coun- ctul'/n' ties of Lanark, Renfrew, Dunbarton, Stirling, and in

Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great numbers of the Petitioners, and other Journeymen Calico Printers, have, for aferics of years past, been greatly distressed for want of work in their trade, and that this distress has chiefly arisen from a very general, if hot universal, practice of the Mailer Calico Printers in the Counties above enumerated, who (yftematically carry on the said trade by employing in it, in many instances, a greater number of Out-door Apprentices than of Journeymen, and, upon an average, nearly two of such Apprentices to three Journeymen, a practice of great injury to the Petitioners, their families, and, ultimately, even to the Apprentices themselves; and that one of the injurious effects to the Petitioners by this system is, that, in many in (lances, Boys are taken as Apprentices to the said trade or business on verbal agreement, whereby they are at liberty to absent themselves from the service and controul ot their Mailers on any trifling disagreement, and are generally replaced by others, thereby creating an overstock of hands in the said trade: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the trade or business of Calico Printers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the same, as it dial I appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancafiire, Mr.

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames Thames ard and Medway Canal was presented to the House, and read; Medway Ca-fetfing forth, That an Act was passed in the 39th and 40th M I>e,u:on’ year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a place called Nichoifon s Ship Tard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County; and also a certain collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway; and that the said Company have expended a great part of the money which they were enabled to rails by virtue of the said Act; and it is expedient that power should be given to the said Company to raise an additional sum of money for completing the said undertaking; and that it would greatly facilitate the execution of the said undertaking, and be likewise attended with great benefit to the circumjacent country, if power was given to vary the line of the said Canal from la Point at ’ the distance of 800 yards, or thereabouts, to the Eastward of a Farm called King Farm, in the Parish of Chalk, in the said County, through the (hid Parish of Chalk, and through the several Parishes of Ugharn, Cliffe, and Frindf-bitry, in the said County, to join the present line of the said Canal at a Point near to the Hoo Road, in the said Parish of Frindsbury; and it is necessary to alter and enlarge certain other of the powers of the said Act: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

11 Sil


t

44 Geo. III. ££° Febt -101.

Fifting Sir William Geary presented to the Mouse, according to

Order, a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their reented. Successors, by the name of The Marine Society

Company, for increasing the supply of Fish, for advancing the objects of the Institution of The Marine Society, and for conducting and supporting' the establishment of such Company; And the fame was received } and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

iiton Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to

iv."?s whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town

ported. of Milton, next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent,

was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House } and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table! Where the fame was read i and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Hindebeing examined, said. That the said Town of Milton, and the Lanes, Alleys, and Passages within the same, are very ill paved and cleansed, and not either lighted or watched; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit, safety, and advantage, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town, but also of all Persons resorting thereto and passing through the fame, if the Streets, Lanes, and Passages aforesaid, were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other'public passages and places, within the Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein: And that Sir /« Ham Geary and Mr. Wat Jon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lidjtum A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of rdofure Rridgham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the

on* House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said

Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry AJlley and Mr. Cdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fc- Some A Petition of the Right honourable Horatio Lord Wal-

nc!«'ure pole, and the humble Petition of several other Proprietors

eaeun. Qf Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish

of Waborne, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parishdivers Lands and Grounds, called Whole-yearLands, Common Fields, Doles, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which are' subject to certain rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common; and that it would be advantageous to the parties interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Jacob Henry AJlley and Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Cun- A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and ririonlofiirC Grounds, in the Parish of Great in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Common Meadows, called Swimming, otherwise Symons Mead, and Netherwood, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds;- and that it would be advantageous to the parties interested, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry AJlley and Mr. Francis John Browne do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution three several Acts, passed in the 2d, 12th, and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting

forth. That several films of money have been borrowed on credit of the Tolls; * and it is necessary that the said Acts, and the powers, provisions, and regulations thereof, so far as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to the Old Town Gate in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, shoul3 be enlarged, amended, and explained, and the term further continued ! And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William ’, Mr. Langmead, &c. t And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at the Castle of Leicester, on the 19th day of April last, it appeared to the Court, that the AssefTment, by which the County Rates are collected, had not been altered since 1740, and is becoming very unequal, from the great alterations which have taken place in the value of property in that long period of time; and that there are thirty Lordships, or Places, in the said County; which are not rated in the general County Rate, made under the powers of the Act of the 12th of George the Second, or have been since discharged from that Rate because the powers of the said Act are inadequate to in-force the payment thereof; and that the injury of this unequal taxation, to many parts of the said County, is further aggravated by, the great increase of the County-Expenditure, which, in the last thirty years, hath advanced from £.560. to about £.3,00®. per annum-, and it is become expedient that a more equal and effectual method of making the County Rates, within the said County; should be established: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cra-dock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; apd have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, paired in the 28th year of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Hin the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed several considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ‘ them, to the House:

D d And

Tavistock and Plymouth Road Petition.

Leicester County Rates Petition.

Market Har-borough Road Petition.

102 22° Februarii. . 1804.

And it is teferiedto Mr. Legb Keck, Sir Edmund dockHartopp ,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

jXeicester and A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lei-

Wonbampum cejlerjbiteand Jforthamptonshire Union , was presented

Petition. to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain collateral cut from the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigation and Canal from the said Leicester Navigation, at or near the Weft , in the Town of Leicester, to a place called Gumley Deb dale, in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, being, i& length, 16 miles and upwards; and that, under the apprehension that, in pursuing the remaining part of the line of Canal and Navigation authorized by the said Act, a great difficulty might arise, from the want of proper dreams of water to make and keep the fame navigable, and having good reasons to believe that, by the taking surveys and levels through other parts of the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, other courses for the making a communication between the said Union Canal and the Canal called ‘The Grand Junction Canal, might be discovered, by which a much greater benefit and advantage might arise to the Public, and the Kingdom at large, than by the course authorized by the said Act, from Gumley Debdale aforesaid, the Petitioners employed able and experienced Engineers, directing them to take surveys and levels, in all directions, from Gumley Debdale aforesaid, through the said Counties * of Leicester and Northampton, for the purpose of varying the intended line or course of the said Canal, and to

carry the fame, by such course, to the Grand Ca-

nal, as should be most favourable for making and main-' taining of the fame, and most advantageous to the said Counties, and the Kingdom at large; and that surveys and . levels have accordingly been taken by able and experienced Engineers, and a new course, or nearly (o, for making a navigable communication between the said Union Canal at Gumley Debdale aforesaid, and the Grand Canal,

has been surveyed, levelled, and planned, and which has been approved by the Petitioners; and that the said intended varied course of Canal commences at or near the Petitioners’ Bason at Gumley Debdale aforesaid, and is intended to proceed from thence through the several Parishes of Gumley, Foxton, and Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester, to a Close or indofed ground there, belonging to Edward Dawson, of Long Whatton, in the County or Leicester, Esquire, in the occupation of John Mutton, called Kingstern Close, and through the said Close, to where the Turnpike Road, from Leicester to Market Harborough, bounds the same, so as to make a communication with the said Turnpike Road, and across the said Turnpike Road to the collateral cut, authorized by the said recited Act to be made, to communicate with the Town of Market Harborough aforesaid; after which, the said intended varied line will again meet the Parliamentary line of the said Canal, and will pafsonward in a new, or nearly a new course, to the Grand Junft Canal; and that the speedy

making of the said intended varied course of Canal, lb far as the same is above described, will, by approaching near the Town of Market Ha, be a great public convenience, and will tend to increase and facilitate, in a great degree, the carriage of articles of trade and commerce, and particularly of heavy goods and commodities, on the said Union Canal; and that, after making and completing the said intended varied line, so far as the same is above described, it is the intention of the Petitioners to apply to the House for powers to complete the whole of the said varied course of Canal to form a junction with thq Grand Junfiion Canal, and to make and complete the same according to such powers; and that the part of the said Union Canal, now executed to Gumley Debdale aforesaid, is not well supplied with water, which is in a great measure owing to a restrictive clause in the said Act, whereby the Petitioners are prohibited from taking, for the use or sup-ply of the said Navigation, any of the water of a brook run-

ning through estates of Sarah Countess of Denbigh, called Glenn Brook, otherwise IViftow Brook: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid, and for repealing the said restrictive clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the '

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund dock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Wu-k in<* Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of sure PetlU0J Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of , in the County of Northumberland, and of several other persons interested in the Commonable Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Simonbum, in the County of Northumberland, three Commons, Moors, or Wastes, called

Common, Greyjlead Common, otherwise The Eals,

otherwise Stokoe Fell, and StannerJburn Common, and also certain Common Fields, called StannerJburn Common Fields; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to their improvement; and that Notices for the inclosure of Thorneyburn and Greyjlead Commons have been duly given, but, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for the Inclosure of the residue of the said Commonable Lands, until the third week in September lad, the first of the Notices for the Inclosure of StannerJburn Common were given on Sunday the 25th of September, and the others of such Notices on Sundays the 2d and 9th days of October last; but it will be a great advantage and convenience to the Proprietors, that all the said Commonable Lands should be included in one Bill, and nearly all of them are consenting thereto: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Ralph Milbanke, Mr. Dent, See.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Croydon Traders, and others of the City of London, and the Town canimtl. of Portsmouth, and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in tin*, the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Hants, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal for the passage of Boats and other Vessels from the Croydon Canal, at or near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Arun, at or near Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and from the said River to, and to communicate with, the Harbour of Portsmouth, in the County of Hants, will open a communication for the cheap conveyance of all kinds of commodities between the several considerable Towns lying upon and near the line of the said Canal, will be a means of improving the Estates through and near which it will pass, will afford an expeditious and safe conveyance for all stores, goods, and merchandizes between London and Portsmouth, and will, in other respects, be of public utility; and that it appears, by actual Surveys, that the making of the said Canal is practicable: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to brin£ in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Lord Viscount Cranley, See.: - And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr.

, by v

Rochdale Canal Bill, reported*

Claughton

Inclosure

Petition*

Stirling Roads, Scc* Petition*

Scotch Credl-; tort Bill,

1 ordered*

tTfton Indo-fort Petition.

44 Geo. III.

22° FebruariL

103

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 34th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of 'Thomas Fenwick, Esquire, and of several other Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Manor of Claughion-in-Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancafiei, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is within and parcel of the said Manor, a certain tract of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Mo; and if the lame, was divided and inclosed, great advantage would accrue to the parties interested: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, the Marquis of Douglas, and

Mr. Dent, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Canon Company was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Roads from the River Avon, in the Parish of Slamannan, to the Crookland Gate, in the Parish of Airth, passing through the Parishes of Slamannan, Polmont, Falkirk, Larbert, Bothkennar, and Airth, all in the County of Stirling, are at present in bad repair, and inconvenient to Travellers; and that it would be a great benefit and advantage to the agriculture, commerce, and improvement of the said County, if proper Roads were made from the said River of Avon to the said Crookland Gate; and if power were given for opening a passage through the Town of Falkirk in the direction of the said Road, for applying the Statute labour towards lyp-porting the said Turnpike Road, and for paving and lighting the said opening, and the Villages of Grahamston and Bainsford: And therefore praying, That leave may bt given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to continue the said Act until the 25th day of March 1804, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, further to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Mr. William Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Ufton, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds would be considerably improved, if they were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

Vcl. 59.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Otdeted, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Vansittart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- Charnejrln-ship or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of , in ^ure p,tl'

the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within the said Township or Hamlet, certain Open and Common Arable Lands,

Common Meadow, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds; and it would be advantageous to the parties interested, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Vansittart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution Stockton and three Acts, passed in the 20th, 2ad, and 26th years of his Darlington late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the etl" Town of Stockton-upon-Tees, in the County of Durham, to

Darlington, and from thence, through Winston, to Barnard Castle, in the same County, and also of several Creditors of the Tolls arising thereon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed con-lidcrable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which are now due, together with some arrear of interest; and that, from the many heavy carnages continually passing on the said Roads with lead, coals, and merchandize of divers kinds, and many of them with narrow wheels, and the materials for repairing the fame being brought from a con-liderabie distance, it is impossible to complete the repairs thereof, and to keep the fame in repair, and repay the money borrowed, unless the term and powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid, and for reducing the said Acts into one Act.

Ordered, That the Olid Petition be referred to the cori-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Sir Ralph &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of theclock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Etherley unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; f*°?ri&Cp setting forth. That there are in the Townships of Bondgate ^ure in Auckland, and of Efcomb, or one of them, and within the Parish of Saint Andrezv Auckland, in the County of Durham, certain Moors or Commons called Etherley Moor,

Wefi Mill Batts, and Efcomb Batts, and several other Commonable Lands; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, they would be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and otherwise improving the said Commonable Lands.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Burdon and Mr. Russell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act Hereford and herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Worcester read; setting forth, That ar. Act was passed, in the 22d PeU~ year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Willerfiey Turnpike Road near Par ton to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on. Fare Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester; and that the Petitioners have borrowed

D ized by t

104 ' 22°:—23° Februarii. A. 1804.

rowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act is continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Lord John Sir George

Cornetvall, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Bath Small A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Bath, Debts Pcti- and of the Parishes and Places herein after named, was pre-

lon’ fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said City is much connected, in trade and business, with the several Parishes of Batk-Hampton,

Bathwick, Batkford Katherin

Welley, Northstoke, Southjioke, Lyncombe, and Weston, Tiverton, Charlecombe, Comb hay,

Saint-Loe, Corjton, and Kilveflon, alias in the Coun-

ty of Somerset, which adjoin or are near the said City; and that the Inhabitants of the said City and Parishes have, of late years, very much increased in number, and during that part of the year which is called Season, there

is always a large addition of persons who resort thereto, from all parts of the United Kingdom, and from Foreign countries; and that an Act was palfed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for the more speedy recovery of Debts not exceeding the amount of forty Shillings; and that if the powers of the said Act were enlarged, so as to provide for the more easy and speedy recovery of Debts of . a larger amount, and if such powers were extended to the several Parishes and Places above-mentioned, it would greatly tend to the encouragement of trade and commerce, and promote ufefiil credit: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear -to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Lord John Thyme, Mr. Palmer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

London A Petition of the London Clergy, whole names are there-

£cmgy Pa!* unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Incumbents of Livings, whose Income was regulated by an Act, palfed soon after the dreadful Fire of London in 1666, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That before the Fire of London, the Incumbents of Livings in that City were entitled, under a Decree of Commissioners, made pursuant to an Act of the 37 th of King Henry the Eighth, to payments in lieu of Tythes, at the rate of 2j. 9 in the Pound, on the rents of the houses and other buildings in their respective Parishes; and that, the said fire having destroyed or damaged eighty-five Parish Churches, it was, by an Act, passed in the 22d year of King Charles the Second, enacted. That thirty-four of the said Churches should not be rebuilt, but that the Parishes to which they belonged should be united to others; and by another Act, of the 22d and 23d year of the fame King, the maintenance of the Ministers of the several Parishes, which had fullered by fire, was settled at certain specific yearly sums in lieu of Tythes, to be levied by an equal Rate on the houses and other buildings in each Parish respectively, over and above Glebes, Gifts, and Perquisites; and that of the fifty-one Livings which were so regulated, the incomes of fix only, were settled at /.200 per annum, thirty-two at less than £. 150, and one-fourth of these at no more than £.100; and that the Income of the several Incumbents being thereby fixed at a very low rate, the lame is, by the decreased value of money, the enhanced price of all the 4

necessaries of life, and other circumfbnces, become greatly insufficient for the due suppert of their situation and character: And therefore praying, That Lave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief, by amending the said Act of the 22d and 23d years of King Charles ti e Second, and providing for an increaseof their rdpective Incomes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table1;

A Petition of several Owners, of Saltings Estates, Lands, Ramsey En> and Grounds, in the Parishes of Do and

Little Oakley,in the County of EJ)he, was presented to the Petition.

House, and read; setting forth, That there is a certain Creek, called Ramsey Creek, branching from the River Stour, and extending thence through the said Parishes, which overflows the Lands on each fide to a considerable extent; and that by such overflow, the said Lands and Grounds are wholly incapable of being cultivated, and a certain Road adjoining part thereof, being the Turnpike Road leading from Ramsey Bridge, to Hill, in the

Parish of Ramsey, is frequently impaflfuble, and by the re-cess of the tide every twelve hours, the air is rendered unwholesome tc the extent of several miles on each fide of the said Creek; and that an embankment against the River Stour, and also across the said Creek, and the drain-

ing of the said Saltings, Lands, and Grounds so overflowed, would remove the above-mentioned evils: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Harvey, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Committeeo» solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- tm^ertation fider of permitting the importation of Hides, Calve Skins* °n Foreign Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Ships, de-Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British of Irish Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- MarineMu-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoyle, to con- delerre<1* fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply e granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow ' Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 25° die Febr;

Anno 440 Georgii III. U Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Sudbujy Petition of the several Persons thereunder signed,

Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of petitions Suffolk, complaining of an undue election and return for considered, the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Mr. Dickinson,from the Select Committee, who were Weymouth,

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition derermTnsd-1

of

44 Geo. III.

23° Februatii.

105

of John Arbuthnot, Esquire, complaining of an undue And the whole number of forty-nine names being

election and return for the Borough and Town of Wey- complete; mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, informed Robert Adair, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel

the House, for the Petitioners; and Robert Hurst, Esquire, by the counsel

That it appeared to the-laid Committee, that the merits for the fitting Member, to serve on the said Committee, of the Petition did in part depend upon the Right of Note. That in the course of drawing the said names.

Election; and that therefore the said Committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said "Committee, Statements in writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended:

That, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the Petitioner delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Petitioner contends that the Right of Election * for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew. * Dorset, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Capital

* Burgesses, inhabiting within the Borough, and in Persons * seised of Freeholds

the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Sudbury election j the door was opened,

within the Borough, and not

" receiving alms

That the Counsel for the fitting Member, Charles Adams,

Esquire, delivered m a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election in the Borough of Weymouth * and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, is in the " Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Capital Burgesses, inha-* biting within the Borough, and in Persons seised of * entire Freeholds within the said Borough, whether by * descent, devise, or purchase, and not split or divided,

* unless split by descent or devise, and not receiving alms:"

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the fitting Member, the said Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset:

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the Petitioner, the said Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said State- __________ __________

ment, is the Right of Election for the said Borough and counsel; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the Minehead , said Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Minehead, was read. considered.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee.

And the name of Snowdon Borne, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Members.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir Charles Morice Pole, Baronet, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or their returns not having been brought in fourteen days.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the

CamckicTgui Klt&ion de* tombed*

Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis

That the said Committee have also determined.

That Charles Adams, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

"Mr. Rose, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Ezekiel Davys Wilson, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Spencer Stanley,

commonly called Lord Spencer Chichester, is duly elected a

and agents, withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Consideratio* sideration the Petition, complaining of an undue election HettUm*"1 and return for the City of Hereford; Petition,

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be >djourned-adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, West India to whom the Bill for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of reported, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " rendering more commodious, and for better regulating " the Port of London and another Act, passed in the 42d

year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first-mentioned Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the County ^ame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through of the Town of Carrickfergus. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

And also, that the said Committee have determined, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read That the said Petition did not appear to the said Com- the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, mittee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and seventy-one Members being present;

And the Petition of John Langston, Esquire, and James Woodbridge the younger, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Sudbury Sudbury election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed committee to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a appointed, reduced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, George Shum,

Esquire, William Chute, Esquire, the Honourable George Walpole, John Fuller, Esquire, William Manning, Esquire,

of an undue election and return for Sudbury, into confi- John Christian Curwen, Esquire, the Earl of Euston, Bryan deration was read. Cooke, Esquire, Hylton Jolliffe, Esquire, Robert Deverell,

Then the names of the Members were drawn, and read Esquire, Charles Moore, Esquire, Sir William in the usual manner. Baronet, Robert Adair, Esquire, Robert Hurst, Esquire.

Vol. 59. Ee And

106

23° Februarii.

A. 1804.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for , were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the couniel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Rotherhithe Tunnel Petition.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in consequence of the increase of the trade and commerce of the Port of London, great inconveniences and delays are experienced by the Inhabitants, and Persons con-' nested therewith, going to and from, and carrying on trade in the vicinity of Deptford, Greenwich, Rotherhithe, house, Shadwell, and parts adjacent, from the want of a more convenient communication than by London Bridge-, and that not only great National advantage will be derived, but also great benefit would accrue to the Metropolis, and the Persons interested in the trade of, and connected with, the said Distritfls, if an uninterrupted land communication were made for horses, carriages, cattle, and foot passengers, between the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Essex,

by means of a good and sufficient Archway or Archways, and other works necessary, under the River Thames, from or near the Horseferry, Rotherhithe, in the county of,

to or near to Horseferry Road, in the Parish of Saint Arne, Middlesex, commonly called Saint Anne,; and

that Plans and Estimates of the expence of the said Works have been prepared: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles Price, Ike.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sodbury, through Form cm! on, and over

to the Town of Marshfield, and the Road leading out of the lafi: described Road, at and from a place called S/terrei, otherwise Shire Hill, in the Parish of Marshfield, into the said Marshfield District of Road, nearly opposite that part of the Parish of Forth Wraxall,called Lower tf^raxai/; and the Road from out of the lad described Road in the Common Field of Weft Kington, called the Outer South Field, to a Gate called Comb Gate, at the North-ea.fiward corner of Marshfield Down, and thence to a public house called The Star, in the Parish of; and the Road from the North end of Sheep Fair Lane, in the said Town of Marshfield,into the Bath Turnpike Road called ‘The

Colerne Road, leading from the City of Bath to the Village of Colerne, nearly opposite a certain wood in the Parish of Colerne, called Weftwood; and the Road from out of the lad described Road, at a place called Fuddle Brook, in the said Parish of Marshfield, to and through the Tything of Eyford, in the said Parish, to the Parish of Katherine; and the Road from out of the said Bath Turnpike Road called The Colerne Road, near a spot called Canning's Grave, along a Lane called Morris's Lane, in the Parishes of Bat heuston and Bathford, or one of them, into the Bath Turnpike Road called The London Road, near Bathford Budge; and the Road from the Wed end of the Town of Marshfield to the said Tetbury Road, near the Turnpike Gate erected on the last mentioned Road near a piace called,

■otherwise Woefield Corner; and also the Road from the

South end of Touching-end Lane, in the Town of field, to the Village of Weft Littleton, in the Counties of

Shakspeare Gallery Bill, -committed.

A Bill to enable John Boydell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, tq dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of chance, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts,are very much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious f and it would be a great benefit and advantage to the Petitioners, and the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Roads were put under the care and management of the Petitioners, and made a part of the said District of Road: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Ormsby, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

North Bradfey Inclosure Petition.

Marshfield Roads Petition.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, within the Manors of North Bradley and , in the Parish of

North Bradley, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are certain Commons, Commonable Places, and Wade Lands, in the said Manors; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, a very considerable benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing so much of -the Act herein after mentioned, as relates to the District of Road, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of to the top of Fogg

Hill, in the County of Gloucef and from the Stone Pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable sum of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said District of

• Road be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and some of the

powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased, so far as the fame relates to the said

• field District of Road; and that the Road leading from the

Tetbury Turnpike Road, near the Cross Hands inn in Old

1 i

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, or Inhabit Grantham tants, within the Town of Grantham, or within or near to uon^ the several Parishes and Places herein after mentioned; in the county of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Great North Road, at the South end of the Township of Spittle-gate, in the Parish of Grantham, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the County of through the several Parities, Lordships, or Liberties of Spittlegate, Harrowby, Somerby, Wclby, Ropftey, Hat her, otherwise

Hay dor, Braceby, FJaceby. Dembleby, Newton, Scot, Willoughby, OJbournby, Threckingham, Spanby, Horbling, and

Bridge End, in the County of Lincoln, is very much out of repair, and, in many places, narrow and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said lload were properly amended, and kept in repair: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

-A nd it is referred to Sir William Earle Welby, Mr.

Thoroton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

5:

ft

fc

C:o<

*5:|

I;..

A Petition of the Keepers and Governors of the pof- Harrow Road sessions, revenues, and goods, of the Free Grammar Petition. School of John Lyon, within the Town of Hill, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made

in

Worcester and

Birmingham

Canal

Petition.

and

gbam

1

44 Geo. IIL 23° Februam. 107

in the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners, and their Successors, were enabled to demise, lease, and to farm let, all or any part of the said lands and premises, for the purpose of employing the rents and profits thereof in repairing and amending the Highway from the Town of -

on the-Hill, cailed Harrow Way, by Harlfton and Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, leading to the City of;

and that an Act was passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the terms and powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, for paving Oxford Road, and for making anew Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington; and that another Act was passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from 'The Red Lion at Paddington, to Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex;and that it would enable the said

Keepers and Governors to carry the intention of the said John Lyon into better effect, if the rents and profits of such hereditaments and premises were paid, in certain proportions, to the respective Trustees of the said several Roads, to be by them applied, in like manner, and with the like powers, as the Tolls granted and made payable by. virtue of the said several Acts, and if the said Trustees were enabled to dig gravel, and other materials, for repairing the said respective Roads on the said lands and premises, until the fame should be appropriated for building, and if certain of the powers of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament were altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Burdett, Mr. Byng, See. And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the defter and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That several Acts were passed in the 31ft and 38th years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the ltiver Severn, near to the City of Wo} and that the Petitioners have made and completed a considerable part of the said Canal, in the execution of which they have expended nearly the whole of the money they were authorized to raise, and have incurred debts to a large amount, and a great part of the said Canal Navigation and works still remain unfinished; and that the Petitioners have found it impracticable to raise the money authorized by the Act of the 38th of His present Majesty, in the manner therein prescribed, which sum is requisite to enable them to discharge their said debts, and finish the said Canal Navigation, and to make' the ReservoirS and other works directed to be executed; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to make and complete the several works before-mentioned, it is necessary they should be furnished with further and other powers for raising the money that will be requisite for those purposes; and that the powers and provisions of the said Acts are in other respects defective and insufficient, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jofep/i Scott, Mr. Lygon, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Dartmouth, and the humble Petition of several Owners of V01. 59.

Estates in the Parishes of Westbromwic Aldridge, and

Handfivorth, in the County of Stafford, and in the Parish of

Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road

leading from the Turnpike Road from the Town of Dudley,

in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in

the County of Warwick, at or near a dwelling-house

called The Swan Inn, situate in the Parish of Westbromwich,

through the said Parish, and the Parishes of Aldridge,

Handsworth, and Sutton Coldfield, and communicating with the King’s Highway which leads from the To.vn of Birmingham to the Town of Sutton Coldfield, at or near a dwelling-house called The Horse and Jockey, situate in Maney, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, is much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joseph Scott, Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Arkfey inclo-Arkfey, in the County of York, was presented to the House, UK etltlon‘ and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open Fields, and also certain Open Meadows and Paftu res called Ings, and a certain Open Common called Tilts Hills, and other Waste Lands, and also divers ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds; and that it would be highly beneficial to the persons interested in the said Open Fields,

Ings, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the fame were divided, inclosed, and drained, and if the whole of the said Lands and Grounds were exonerated from Tythes, by; making a compensation for the same: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, and Sir William Mordaunt Milner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty V York and, Gaol the Castle of York: And also, , Debtors*1

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Petitions. Gaol at Rothwell, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Gloucester the Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for continuing and petition, amending an Act, of the 28th year of his late Majesty, so reported, far as the fame relates to the Roads from The Hand and

Poftat the top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook, and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand ana Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,relative toTurnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered, it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Knight being examined, said, That in amending and repairing the said Roads, a large debt hath been contracted, and still remains due; and that the said Roads.

Cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in repair, and the said debt paid off, unless the term and powers, of the said Acts be further continued.


108 23° Februariu . 1804.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 27th year of . His present Majesty-, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the top of Burford , in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the (Void, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill,in the County of to The Hand and

in the Parish of Withingtonin the County of Gloucester: And that Admiral Berkeley and Lord Robert Edward Henry Smerfet do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cumberland A Petition of several Owners, Occupiers, and Farmers and Dumfries of Fisheries, in the arm of the Sea which is situate between Petition! the County of Cumberland, in , and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and Stewartry of * *in Scotland, and also the Fisheries in the Rivers, Rivulets, and other Waters which run into, or otherwisecommunicate with, the said arm of the Sea, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Fisheries were formerly of great value, but, from the great destruction of late years made therein by persons of all descriptions destroying ' the breeding Kepper and Shedder Salmon, and other Fish, and the Brood, Spawn, and Fry thereof, the said Fisheries have fallen into great decay, and become nearly useless and unprofitable; and that if proper Rules were established for better protecting and preserving the breeding Salmon and other Fish, and the Brood, Spawn, and Fry thereof, in the said Fisheries, and for ascertaining the times when the dif-* ferent forts of Fish should be taken and killed, it would not

only be the means of their preservation, but tend to the improvement of the estates and properties of all persons concerned therein, and be of great public utility: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof ;'and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Mr. James

s Lowther, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Invimeft

Roadi

Petition,

reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Grant do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Land in the County of , was referred.

Mr. Charles Grant accordingly reported from the said •Committee, That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had dire died to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their estates with a proportion of the expence of making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of,

was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That, in order to insure the making and erecting of the Roads and Bridges which it should appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, advisable to make and build in the County of Inverness, and to keep the fame afterwards in repair, it will be expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to assess themselves, and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, for a rateable proportion, according to their respective valued Rents, of such sum as may be necessary for the making and erecting of Rich Roads and Bridges in the said County, in addition to one-half of the estimaled expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are, by the said recited Act, authorized to defray in the manner therein mentioned; and also for a rateable proportion of such sum as may be necessary to keep and maintain such Roads and Bridges in repair, after the same shall have been made and erected: That the Petitioners are ready and willing to contribute their propor-

tion of such Assessment, according to their valued rent; and they are informed,-and believe, that by far the greater part, if not the whole, of the Heretors of the said County, are likewise desirous to contribute thereto in the lame proportion.

Ordered, That leave be given tp bring in a Bill, to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Inverness, to assess the Proprietors of Lands, in the said County, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act <?f the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland: And that Mr. Charles Grant,

Mr. Hawkins Browne, Lord Viscount Dunlo, and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Minehead Minehead Election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed Committee to attend the said Committee; delivered in to the House appointed, a reduced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added,' the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Robert Barclay, Baronet, Francis Gregor, Esquire,

James Langham , Esquire, Daniel Esquire, George

Porter, Esquire, Patrick Crawfurd Bruce, Esquire, John;

Blackhurne of Lancashire, Esquire, the Lord,

the Right honourable John Charles Villiers, the Honourable Horatio Walpole, the Honourable George Heneage j

Lawrence Dundas, Arthur Shakespeare, Esquire, Lord Viscount Cranley, Snowdon Barne, Esquire, Sir Charles Morice Pole, Baronet.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Minehead, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing three Acts, TaviAock, passed in the ad, 12th, and 24th years of Hisprelent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the said Acts be continued, and the Tolls, powers, and provisions, thereby granted increased, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That le^ve may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. St. Andrew St, John, General Fitzpatrick, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Henderson reported from the Committee, to whom Barton the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others. Bridge and of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Bolton, Worjley, and j^ds Barton, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Petition, Committee had examined, and found that the Standing rePorteli-Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and. is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Matthew Hilton being examined, said, That the Road leading from a certain Bridge over the River Irwell, called Barton Bridge, in the Township of Barton, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, through IVin ton, in the said Township of Barton, and through the Township of IVors-Jcy, in the said Parish of Eccles, and also through the several Townships of Little Hultonand Farnworth, both in.

13 the

44 Geo. III.

23° Februariu

109

the Parish of Dean, in the said County, to a place called Moses Gate, in Farmvorth aforesaid, and also a branch from the said Hoad on Ha/shaw Moor, through the said Townships of Farnworthand Little Hulton, near ;o the House known

by the sign of The Antelope, at Street Gate, in the said County, where the fame joins the Turnpike lload from Little Hulton aforesaid to Manchester, are in a ruinous condition, and narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and Passengers, and that the said Road at or near Moses Gate aforesaid communicates with the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton aforesaid to Manchester, in the said County, when the House will please to receive the same.

, , 1. 1 m. •! l r r i rr 1. . J____1 TL-t . L , O___*. I. , !__1

the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into, the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

Cromford

RoadPetition.

which, as well as the Turnpike Road from Little Hulton to Manchester, is amended and repaired under the powers of an Act made in the 32d year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, into and through the Township of to a place called

Moses Gate., in the Tow nib ip of all in the County Palatine oi Lane after: And that Mr. Henderson and Mr. Bradjhavj do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the County, of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Croniford, in the Parish of in the said

County, along the Road to Hopton, in the same County, is much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and that it would be a great benefit and convenience to the

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Bill ordered, force the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland: And that Mr.

Henry Alexander, Dr. Duigenan, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable York’*Eftat» His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Bill.

neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Road was certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in

made Turnpike, and powers given to amend and keep the fame in repair; and allb for making a branch of Road to lead from the said Road up the Valley between the Griffe Ible, by Grange Mill, to or near to Newhaven House, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Pari (lies of Byfleet, IVeybridge, Leigh,

and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal High-

ness Frederick Duke of York and for a valuable

confederation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Frederick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to

the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear report the same to the House; without any Amendment:

Swaffham Ptior Inclosure Petition.

Ickleton

Inclosure

Petition.

to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry disk, Mr. Mundy, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Mine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of John Peter Allix, Esquire, on behalf of himself and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, Heaths, and Fen Ground, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Township or Parish of S waff ham Prior, in the Gountyof , was presented

to the House, and read -, letting forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed; and if the whole of the said Township or Parish was exonerated from Great and Small Tythes: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Ettflon, Mr. Secretary Torke, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields within the Parish of Ickleton, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields rvere divided and inclosed: And therefore

And he delivered die Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector ^Employ-General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; edintheH , he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, s,a*e T'?dc» pursuant to their Order, * ente ‘

An Account of the number of Ships, with their tonnage, that arrived from Africa, in the between the 5th of January 1787 and the 5th of January 1803, with the number of Slaves imported on board the fame in each year; together with the number re-exported and retained; distinguishingeach Island.

And then he withdrew; and the iTitle was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

presented.

Mr. Calcraft presented to the House, according to Order, Totliam Tn-a Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Al- clol."re Bill, lotment, and Inclosure, of certain Waste Lands, called Tiptree Heath, within the Manors of Great lot ham and'

Geperacks, in the Parish of Lot ham, in the County of Essex:

And the lame was received; and read the fitft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a iecond time.

The House being informed that Mr. Cobbe, from the Lifts of See for auditing Public Accounts, attended at the door; ^ntams! he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, patented.

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a. Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Lift of Officers and Departments whose Accounts are Ettflon, Mr. Secretary Torke, and Lord Charles Somerset audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Ac-

Committee on Motion for Bill respecting Persons admitted into Orders, in Ireland.

Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House t.o resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made yesterday. That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce the due observance of Vol. 59.

counts: And also.

Lift of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested ori Account for Extraordinary Services: A nd also,

A Lift of Accounts delivered over by the late Auditors of the Imprefts in July 1785, or since received into the Ff Office'

Greenland Fishery Bill, reported.

Mutiny Bill* deferred.

Hereford

Election-

Petition

considered.

Sudbury

Election

determined.

Minehead

Election

determined.

110 23°—24? Februa . 1804.

Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public, Accounts, which have neither been audited, stated, or declared; completed to 5th January 1804: And also,

A Lift of the Accounts delivered over by the late Auditors of thelmprefts in July 1785, or since received into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, which have been either stated or declared, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to, or from, the Public, upon any such Account, completed to 5 th January 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports, for the present season, was committed, the Amendment which 'the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Oefertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

the Borough of Minehead,in the County of Somerset, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That John Fowties Luttrell, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That John Paltefon, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and seventeen Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of Lord George Augustus Henry being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Members.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the Petitioners declined nominating a Member to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjourn-nent. House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

Veneris, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 44° Georgii III. U Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Hereford, complaining of an undue eleflion and return for the said City, being come j The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

General Fitzpatrick, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine -the merits of the Petition of the several persons thereunder signed, Electors of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That John Pytchcs, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for he Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Villiers, from the Select Committee, who were ap-

pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of John Langston, Esquire, and James Woodbridge the younger, Esquire, complaining of an undue eleflion and return for

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of B&aminfer, Beaminster in the County of Dorset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis JoknBrowne, Mr. Morton Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House tore- Committee©# solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- the JtinS fider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland Revenue of in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty j and deferred, also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the 41ft and 42d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Bakers of the City of Dublin, was Dublin presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That p^jon. the Petitioners, from the great increase in price on every article of consumption, as well as every article necessary for carrying on their trade, since the passing of the Afl for their Relief in 1793, are rendered unable longer to continue their business with credit to themselves, or advantage to the Public, if not relieved by the House; and that by the said Afl, the Petitioners are obliged to give 37^ stones of Bread for every 294- stones of Flour, and they find by experience it requires 30 stones of Flour to produce that quantity of Bread, when divided in the various subdivisions of Four-, penny. Six-penny, and Twelve-penny Loaves, agreeably to. the said Afl: And therefore praying for redress.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ellef- Eiiefmtre mere Canal, was presented to the House, and read; setting p^tTon.&c

forth,

44 Geo.

III.

24° Febru

Ill

forth. That several Acts were madeinthe^d, 36th j 41ft, and 42d years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River at or near Netherpool, in the County of and also

for making and maintaining several Branches and collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; and that, upon a re-fur-vey of the country between in the County of

Denbigh, and the Aquedufl at > in the said

County, it hath been found, that a Railway will be the most convenient and Id's expensive method for carrying coal, lime, limestone, Hates, goods, wares, and merchandizes, from a certain Brook near Ruabon aforesaid, to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the North-east end of Pontcyfyltee Aquedufl; and that for a regular supply of water for the Canal and collateral Cuts, it will be a great public advantage to make a navigable Water-line or Feeder from tire said Canal, at or near the North-east end of the said Aquedufl, to the ltiver Dee, in the Parish of,

in the said County, and there to take a supply of Water out of the said River for the purposes of the said Canal, and the collateral Cuts and Brandies thereof, and to enable the said Company to provide and take a sufficient quantity of water out of Bala Pool, otherwise Pimble Mere, in the County of Merioneth, for supplying the said River Dee, in dry seasons, with an equal or greater quantity of water than shall be taken out of the said River for the purposes of the said Canal, and the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, and to make several Cuts or Feeders, near the East or lower end of the said Pool or Mere, to convey water occasionally out of the fame into the said River at a lower level than that by winch the said water is at present discharged from the said Pool or Mere; and that it is reasonable that the Tonnage which the said Company are authorized to take on burnt lime, carried on the said Canal, or the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, or on the Railways belonging thereto, should be increased; and that the powers of the said several Acts require amendment and alteration in some other respects: And therefore praying, That Jeave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerlon, Mr. Cholmondeley, &rc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Commissioners for putting in execution the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That an Act was paHed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and. watching the fame, and for preventing annoyances therein; and that another Act was passed, in the nth year of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the powers and provisions of the said Acts have been found defective and infufheient; and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, and explained, and the Rates increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to'bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Henry Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir George Cornezvall, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the Reverend William Lloyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Browne, A£lon Chaplin, John Barker, Edward , Robert Smith, Francis Fleet, John Rawbone, William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf of themselves and others, the

VO L. 59.

legal Electors of the Borough of Aylejbwry, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, info med the House, That he was directed by the Committee to report to the House, that John Wilson, being called as a witness before the said Committee, by giving contradictory evidence, was guilty of gross and wilful prevarication; and therefore, that the said Committee had, according to the power given them by an Act, passed in the 28th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Adtfor " the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament," committed the said John Wilson to thecustody of the-Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said John Wibe, for his said offence, committed prisoner to His Majesty’s Goal of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons; whole names are there- Canal unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; ^,'^Jion setting forth, That, under the authority of divers Acts of Petition. Parliament, Canals, for the purpose of Navigation, have been begun in various parts of Great Britain, several of which, from different' causes, but mod especially from a deficiency in their repedtive Funds, and the extreme difficulty they labour under in raising money to complete their undertakings, remain unfulfilled, and they are thereby rendered to a certain degree, more or less ufeleft to the Public, and ruinous to the Holders of Shares in such undertakings, and to their numerous Creditors; and that the Petitioners, with a view to applying a remedy to the evil above-mentioned, are desirous of forming themselves into a Society, or Corporation, and to raise amongst themselves, by Subscription on Shares transferrable, a sum of motley, to be, from time to time, lent to such Canal Companies as may apply for such loans, to enable them to carry on and complete their respective undertakings, and in the purchase, of Shares in such Canals, as the said Society shall, at any time, find it eligible for them to buy; and that the Petitioners conceive the plan above-mentioned will be highly beneficial to the present existing and future Canal Companies, and of great public utility: And therefore praying, That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Sic.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towns and Mancheftw neighbourhoods of Rochdale, Middleton, and Manchester,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Petition, an Act was passed, in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for more effldtually repairing the Road from the Town of Manchester,by a place called The White Smithy, in

the Town(liip of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale, and several other places in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by which the Roads therein comprized were divided into three separate Districts, and one of them was thereby named The Rockdale DiJlriSl; and that the Road comprized in the said District cannot be kept in repair, unless the term and powers of the said Act, so far as relates thereto, are enlarged; and that it would be much more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to such Road, it the said Act, (b far as relates to the said District, was repealed, and further and other powers granted; and that it would be useful and advantageous to the Public, if a deviation, or new line of Road, was made from the Market House, in Middleton, by Alkrington Park, Blakeley Chapel, Harpur Hey, and Colley Hurst Delph, to the top of a place called The Shude Hill, in Manchester: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

A. 1804.

112

24° Februarii.

Nottingham and Derby Roads Bill, passed.

Trent Bridge Road Bill, palfed.

Ampleforth

Inclosure

Petition.

Dun

Navigation

Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Blackburne of

Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, palfed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and amend an Act, passed in the 20th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge,in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Persons interested in Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, in the Township, or Town-ships and Territories of Ampleforth, in the Parishes of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; feting forth. That there are in the said Township, or Town-ships and Territories, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, if divided and inclosed, might be greatly improved; and that it would tend to the improvement of the Lands and Grounds in the said Township, or Town-ships and Territories, if a compensation was made in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes arising within the same: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. c$lles. and Mr. Wilberforcedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the ' River Dun, under their common seal, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth. That by virtue of several Acts, passed at different periods, the River Dun in the West Riding of the County of York, has been mide navigable in several parts thereof, for boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels; and that it would tend greatly to the improvement of the said Navigation, if the Petitioners were enabled tosupport and maintain a permanent Wear across the said River, a little below Mixbrough, and to keep up a sufficient depth of water in a Cut called Denaby Cut; and if powers were given for making and maintaining a Cut or Canal, of the length of 480 yards, for the purpose of Navigation from and out of the said river, 60 yards above the ftaith of the Ferry at Spot-brough to below the Navigation Lock there; and to alter the course of the said River for 135 yards in length, and remove it, not exceeding 70 yards in breadth in the widest part, at a certain crooked place called The Devil's Elbow, a little below the entrance of the River Dearne, into the said River Dun -, also a Cut or Canal about the length of 385 yards, from and out of the said River Dun, at the distance of about 240 yards from the Weft end of Cadeby Common, to join the said River about 50 yards below the said Common; also another Cut or Canal from and out of the said River Dv.n (and to alter the course of the said River, about the length of too yards) at a place called Isabel Wath, to join the said River in a direct line, where it will cut off a

remarkable bend in the said River, and Ihorten the Navigation nearly half a mile; and also another Cut or Canal from the end of the Navigation Lock on the South fide of

O

Doncaster Mill, to, or near to, the end of the Mill Dyke, where it joins the watercourse from CrimpfalT, and for making proper Towing-paths along the fides of the said several Cuts and Canals; and that it is necessary to alter and regulate the present Tolls, Rates, and Duties, and that some amendments should be made to the said Acts, and further powers granted: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. force. See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Hodgson Being examined, said. That the several Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places within the City and Suburbs of Carlisle,are at present very ill lighted and paved; and that the entrance into the City by the present Gate, called The English Gate, is incommodious and dangerous; and that it would be of great benefit, as well to the Inhabitants, as to all persons passing through the said City, if the fame were properly paved and lighted, and if a proper Avenue were made through the Citadel into the said City.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring jn a Bill, for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City •, for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City: And that Mr. James Graham, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, and Mr. Curiven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and dfo of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Acts were passed in the 7th and 10th years of Queen Anne, the 13th year of his late Majesty, and the ift, 2d, 28th, and 32d years of His present Majesty, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven; and that it would tend to the more easy and complete execution of the purposes of the said Acts if they were repealed, and the powers thereof, with such other powers and provisions as may be requisite, comprized in one Act; and that it would be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of persons resorting thereto, if provision were made for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the fame; and that disputes and differences frequently arise between the Matters and Commanders of vessels trading to and from the said Harhour, and the Crews of such vessels, and also between persons in the said Town, and the Labourers, Carmen, Porters, and others, by them respectively employed, touching their Hire or Wages, and it is expedient that provision should be made for enabling the said Trustees speedily and finally to settle such disputes and differences: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

11 And

Carlisle

Paving

Petition,

reported

Whitelnvei

Harbour

Petition.

44 Geo. III. 24 ? Februari 113

And it is referred to Mr. 'James , Mr.

tic. i And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Redbu'n*1^ Pfti1'00 several Trustees for executing the Act l,nj?e Raids, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and tc.Petition, read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing the term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge-, and that the Roads, in the said Act mentioned, cannot be eft'eftually amended, and kept in repair, and the money now due on credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the powers and provisions of the said Act are explained and amended, and the term en-

larged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to

I' bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James Graham, Mr. William Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

£^[cIk A Petition of the Land Owners, Manufacturers,»and other Inhabitants of the Hamlet of , in the Parish

of Tar debig, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Chapel of Ease within the said Hamlet, called otherwise

Redditch Chapel, is a very ancient fabrick, and it is necessary the fame Ihoukl be taken down, and rebuilt in a more convenient situation, and a Grave-yard made contiguous thereto; and that the population of the said Hamlet con-lifts of at lead fifteen hundred Inhabitants, and the fame is distant from the Parish Church upwards of three miles: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr James Graham, Mr. John William Ward, he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn-' ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts eil~ herinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and fciewn. read; setting forth, Thar several Acts were passed, in the ill and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of moreland, through the Township of Orton, to Kirkby Kendal, and other places in the said County; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Ja Mr. James Low-

ther, he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts ■'•eRoads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That several Acts were passed, in the 26th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 12th 1 and 29th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the

| Road from the Stones End near Shoreditch , to the

1 centre of the Bridge in Old Street Road, and through Old

j Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke , to the Well

! Vol. 59.

end of the said street, next the pavement, in,

and several other Roads therein mentioned; and that the lame cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the powers of the said Acts are altered, amended, and enlarged, and the term thereof further continued; and it would be to the benefit and accommodation of the Public, if certain parts of the said Roads were properly paved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Byng,he.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands in the Town- AMbourn ship and Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise otherwise

Alborne, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Township and Parish, several Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and, if the lame were divided into specific shares and allotments, great advantage would arise to the persons interested; And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Graham and Mr. Pmruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Petition tion of the several other Persons, whose names are there- chimne"5 unto subscribed, Housekeepers and Refiants in the Cities Sweepers, of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Liberties and Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices; and that the said Act hath been found defective and infus-ficient, and it is expedient that the powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Sir Richard Gamon,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Charles Moulton, Esquire, was presented to Mr. Moulton’* the House, and read j setting forth, That by an Act, made Pctmon. in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for the further increase of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted. That no Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall thenceforth be made until the Owner or Owners thereof shall have taken the

Oath therein set forth, and in manner therein directed; and whereas the Petitioner was born in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the City of London, of British parents, and in the year 1788 went to the State of New York, in America, and there took the oaths of allegiance to the United States of America, and resided there from 1788 to 1802, and during such time has carried on his business of a Merchant there, and became a Citizen of the said States; and whereas the Petitioner, without having violated any Law of this Country, so as to forfeit any of the rights or privileges of a British Subject, and without having acted contrary to his allegiance as a British Subject, is incapacitated from becoming interested in any vessel entitled to the privilege of a British built vessel, inasmuch as the'Petitioner cannot take the oaths directed to be taken by the said recited Act: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

G g A l’etitioa

Hants* StiHVx, and

Dorset In In ranee Company’s Petition.

Bow Poot Petition.

Burwell Inclolu re Petition.

Swan Tea Canal, &c. Petition.

114

24° Februariu

A. 1804.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners and others arc desirous of forming an institution at Gosport, in the County of Southampton, to be called The Hants, Svssex, and Dorset In * Jurance Company, and that His Majesty should be empowered to grant a Charter of Incorporation for enabling them to raile a Capital Stock, in such manner as by the said Act or Charter shall be appointed, and that they should be authorized to grant Alfurancts on Lives, and Insurances against Fire, and to grant Annuities at such rates as may be agreed on between the Insurer and the Allured: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes rdorelaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bozv, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great expence, and by means ot very heavy Mates; and that the pretent mode of allefling and collecting the monies lor the relief of the said Poor hath been found inconvenient and oppressive, and the payment thereof is much evaded; and that the granting of proper powers lor more equally assessing the said monies, and for more cfllCtually collecting the lame, would tend to the reduction of the present Poor Rate in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideratien of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Burwell, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Porter, Mr. Secretary Torke, and Lord Charles Some) jet Planners, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Owners- and Occupiers of Mines, Coal Works, Lime Quarries, Lands, and Estates, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a survey lately made, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of boats, barges, and other vessels, and a Railway or Tram-road for the passage of waggons, and other carriages, may be conveniently made, from the Town of Szvanjea, to a place called Castle Hill, in the Parish of Cyder mouth, in the said County; and that the making of the fame, together with such collateral Cuts or Branches therefrom as may be found necessary, will tend to supply the said Town, and the country adjacent thereto, and to the lines of the said Canal and Railway, with coal, limestone, and other articles, at a much cheaper rate than at present, and will, in other respects, be of great public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the con-ft deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Trade and Surmfea Navigation of the Harbour of Szvanfea, in the County of H^VJur Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That two Acts were passed in the 31 ft and 36th years of His present Majesty, to improve the said Harbour, * and the Lights at The Mumbles; and that the Trustees have greatly improved the Navigation of the said Harbour, as well as that of the Bristol Channel, and, in doing thereof, have necessarily expended divers films of money, and contracted debts to a considerable amount; but the said Harbour is ftiil capable of much greater improvement, and it is necessary the Trustees should be empowered to take an additional Tonnage from all vessels entering or failing out of the fame with coal, (tone, coal, and culm; and that the said Acts, in other respects, should be altered and amended, and the powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Po wer to lend for persons, papers, and records.

The counsel and agents before mentioned, being returned TTer<-Srd to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com- (j^-iKee mittee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, as follows: splinted

Jejuna Smith, Esquire, Sir John Ilonywood, Baronet,

Henry Bankes, Esquire, Edward Golding, Esquire, John Sargent, Esquire, Sr Robert Bar Ary, Baronet, Richard Ger~ vas Ker, Esquire, George Vanjittart, Esquire, Joseph Scott,

Esquire, Sir Robert Lazy ey, Baronet, Anthu-y Hardolph Eyre>

Ell ;uire, Ambrose 57. John, Esquire, John Atkins, Esquire.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned; the counsel an i agents were again called in; and the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, that the said thirteen Members had choion Sir Edward Winnington,

Baronet, to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of Lord George Augufus Henry Cavendish, and Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, were added to the said thirteen Members.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining ot an undue election and return for the City of Hereford, were hvorn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith,-in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint \Voo!»:ch Mary, Woolzvieh, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and the present Workhouse is in a very defective nate, and much too small; and that the Burial Ground is become too small for the interment of the Parishioners, and the Streets, and other public paf-sages and places, within the said Parish, are not properly paved, cleanled, lighted, and watched; and that it wrould be attended with great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a proper Workhouse was provided for the reception and employment of the Poor thereof, and powers given for their better regulation and support; and if the Streets, and other public passages of the said Parish, weie paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and freed from all nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments, and the Burial Ground of the said Parish enlarged, or an additional piece of ground provided for that purpose: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

5 •’ Ordered,

44 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

115

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the cpn-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tyn Mr. John &c.: And they are to meet To-mcrrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

st. Martin’* A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and several of Ground Pr‘nc'Pa^ Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin in

petition. ^ie Pi elds, in the County of Midd/efex, was presented to the House, and read; fettingforth, That the Churchyards of the said Parish are now lb full, that there is not sufficient room therein for the interment of the PariQjioners; and that there is not any proper place, within the said Parish, that can be appropriated for that purpose, and it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a proper piece of ground was provided in a convenient situation, in some near or adjoining Parish, to be made ule of as a Cemetery, or Burial Ground, for the said Parish, and a Chapel erected for performing the Burial Service therein; and that it is expedient to have the constant attendance of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the dead, in which case it will be necessary to erect a proper house for his residence at or near the said Burial Ground: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That^he said Petition be referred to the consideration of Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jones, Mr. Fox, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of th& clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

wi«an and 'Mr. Holt Leigh reported from the Committee, to whom tretton Road* the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution npalted two Acts, made in the 19th and 35th years ol His present Majesty, for repairing the Hoads horn I Fig an to Preston, in the County Palatine of was referred; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his plate; and afterwards delivered it ' in at the Clerk’s Table: VVherp the lame was read; and is.

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tire said Petition, Mr. John Wirjlanley being examined, said, That the Peti-

tioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the powers of the said Acts are altered and amended, and the'Polls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 19th and 35th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Holt Leigh, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Dean Forest thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Railway, or Tram-road, from the River Wye, at,

in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, through the- said Parish, the Parishes of New land and Lidney, and the Extra-parochial Lands of the Fore ft of Dean, in the said County, to the River Severn, at Lidney Pill, in the Parish of Lidney; also, a Railway, or Tram- . road, to branch from the aforesaid Railway at Miery Stock, to the Old Fire Engine Coal Pits, in the said Forest; one other Railway, or Tram-road, to branch from the full-mentioned Railway at Park E, to The Nag's Head Coal Pits, in the said Forest; and one other Railway, or Tram-road, to branch from the first-mentioned Rah way at White Croft, to Mofely Green, in the said Forest, will open an ealy and commodious communication between the said Rivers and the Coal Pits, Mines, Quarries, and Iron Works, in and near to the said Forest, whereby the conveyance of coal, iron ore, limestone, and iron, from the said Forest to the said Rivers, for the supply of the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Monmouth, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and will also afford a certain and regular communication between the fertile Corn County of Hereford and the Cities of and Gloucester;

and, in other respects, be of great public utility: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn in?,

* y V-'

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl Stainton

of Scarbrough, and the humble Petition of several Persons interested in the Commons, Waste Grounds, and.jincient Inclosures, in the Parish of Stair.ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish a certain Common or parcel of Waste Ground, called Cockhill Common, and also other parcels of Common and Waste Grounds; and that the division and inclosure thereof would be an advantage to the said several Persons: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill .‘or those purposes, and for extinguilliing the Great and Small Tythes arising in the said Parish, by a yearly Tythe or Corn Rent, to be issuing out of the said ancient Inclosures, Lands, and Grounds.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Alton’*

Wood

A Petition of William Cltilde, Esquire, and of several inclc'urc °t'ner Proprietors of certain tracts of Common and Waste Petition. Lqnds, called Alton's Wood or Common, in the Parish of Rock, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the parties interested: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Scott and Mr. John William Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

York

Dchiors

Petition.

A Petition of several Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol on Ouze Bridge, in and for the City of York, was presented to Vet. 59.

A Petition of the Lord Provostof the City of Edinburgh, Edinburgh in name of himself, and on behalf of the Council and Community of the said City, and allb of the Reverend Ministers of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That some doubts and difficulties having arisen with respect to the meaning and effect of certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, whereby an annuity, or yearly duty, of fix Merks upon every hundred Merks Scots, of the Rents of Houses in the said City, was imposed, for affording stipends to the Ministers of the said City, it becomes necessary that the said doubts and difficulties should be removed, and the said Acts explained and amended; and that a contract, or agreement, entered into betwixt the said Lord Provoll and Magistrates on the one part, and the Ministers of the said City, with the consent of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, on the other part, re-spedlir.g the said annuity, and the stipends of the said Ministers, should be confirmed and rendered effectual:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforeljud.

Ordered,

116

24° Febru

A. 1804.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fid era t ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. William

Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Walls End A Petition of the Curate of the Perpetual Curacy of Church Walls End, and of the Chapel Wardens, and several Petition. Landholders and Inhabitants of the said Parish, and County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Parish Church of Walls End is an ancient building, and is now in a ruinous condition; that it is not only insufficient in point of size, but also inconveniently situate for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein; and that the building of a new Church in a more convenient situation, in the same Parish, sufficiently large for the Inhabitants, would be a great benefit to them, and would tend to the encouragement of Religious worship in the said Parish: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Goring Mr. Atkins presented to the House, according to Order,

Irefoiteda for inclosing the Open and Comnlon Fields, in the pre en e . of Goring, in the County of Sussex: And the lame

• was received; and read the first time.

Refelved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill rffpeaing Dr. Duigenan presented to the House, according to admhiedinto Order, a Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons Orders in and Rubrick respecting the ages of persons to be admitted into the Sacred orders of Deacon and Priest, in And the fame was received 5 and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuel'day next.

Ireland, presented.

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, withsm and others, Inhabitants of the City of Lincoln, of the Borough of Boston, and of the County of Lincoln, and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Navigation of the River from the

High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea, is in a very imperfect state; and that the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Navigation of the said River are inadequate to complete a good and perfect Navigation thereof, and if the fame were altered and amended, and effectual provision made for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the said Navigation, it would be of great public utility: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Mr. Madocks,:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hive Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands in the piece Limnglry or parcel of Meadow and Pasture Ground herein after p"c.lo.u, Pe mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting ’

forth, That there is, adjoining to, and bounded by, the several Parishes of Linwood, Bu,

otherwise ‘Triejlhorpe, Wickenby, and Liffington, in the County of Lincoln, a certain piece or parcel, of Meadow and Pasture Ground, called Liffmgje and that, if the fame was divided and inclosed, it might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellison and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Scotch Credi- Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according printed! to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, an'Ad!, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuefelay next.

Lincoln in- A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Monfun, Drainage" and the humble Petition of Richard Ellison, Esquire, and Petition. other Proprietors of certain Open Commonable Lands and inclosed Low Grounds in the City of Lincoln, the Liberty of Saint Catherine's, and Parish of Bracebridge, in the County ox the said City, and in the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Burton, South Carlton, North Carlton, Broxholme, Haddow, Saxi/by, Skellingthorps, and Boultham, in the parts of Lindsey and Ke/ieven, in the County of Lincoln, and in and in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds, or the far greater part thereof, are subject to be flooded, and in their present state yield but little and very uncertain profit to the Owners; and it would be of great advantage to all parties interested, if the said Open Commonable Lands were inclosed,-and the fame, and also the said in-doled Low Grounds, were embanked and drained: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in one or more Bill or Bills for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

A Petition of the Right honourable Augv.fus Earl Staurfton Ludlow, and the humble Petition of several Owners of on^yll,r£ Open Fields, Meadows, and other uninclosed Lands and cUti°a' Commonable Grounds, in the Manors of Staughton ReElory ' and Great Staughton, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon,was presented to the House, and

read j setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, and Lord Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Gremhna reading of the ingossed Bill for allowing Vessels employed Finery B.8, in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports for the present fealbn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishory, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports for the present season.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bid to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

>wimitten en

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, £o!«n , v

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Article* m

consider Forei-Ii Shi4>f,

-tlcfcnc J.

Marine Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Supply,

deferred*

Ways and Means, deferred.

Brecknock, kc. Canal Petition, reported.

Acklam In-cIo Cure Bill, committed.

West India Dock Company's Bill, passed.

44 Geo. III. 24*—27° Februarii. 117

consider of permitting the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except CottonWool) in Foreign ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in Britishor Irish ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Luna?, 27° die Februarii;

Anno, 44° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

SIR Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and . Abergavenny Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read} and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouth Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal, to several Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth, was read: And,

Mr. John Powell being examined, said. That in the prosecution of the said undertaking, the said Company have borrowed considerable sums of money, which still remain due, and a certain part of the said line of Canal, being in length thirteen miles, still remains incomplete; and it is expedient that the said Company should, for the purpose of discharging the said debt, and completing the said Canal, be enabled to raise further sums of money, and that certain ether of the powers and provisions of the said Act should be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation, to raise a further lum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Sir Charles Morgan and Mr. Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of -

ing, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a further sum of money, for carrying into execution an Act, pasted in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for rendering more commodious, and for better regulat-* ing the Port of London;" and another Act, pasted in the 42d year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act, was read the third time.

Vol. 59.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for raising a further sum of money, for carrying into execution an Act, pasted in the thirty-ninth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for " rendering more commodious, and for better regulating " the Port of London and another Act, pasted in the forty-second year of the said Reign, to alter and amend die first-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, Repetition, pasted in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so reported, far as relates to the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Woodcote, near Newport, in the County of Salop, through Shifnal, to Bridgnorth, in the said County, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and' found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the -House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Haslewood being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have made great progress in the repair of the said Roads, and for that purpose have borrowed a considerable sum of money upon the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and repaired, unless the terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powers of the said Acts altered, amended, enlarged, or otherwise repealed.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Weft fide of the Bridge in Shffnal to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Whitmore and Mr. Hawkins Browne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom Sutton and the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so tion,reported, far as relates to the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Rant on and Ellenhall, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport, in the County of Salop, from a certain part of the said Road between Bridgford and Newport, at or near a place called Weft on Wood, over Woods Eaves Common, and through the Town of Eccleshall, to the present Turnpike Road at -for, near Trentham, in the County of Stafford, and from Newport, through Donington, to the Buck's Walling

Street, near Wellington in the County of Salop, and the Road branching from the said Road through Newport to Donington, from the sign of The H, through Brockton and Edgmond, and from thence to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd, in the County of Salop, being the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Dickenson being examined, said. That the Petitioners, by virtue of the powers vested in them by the said Acts, have made great progress in the amendment and repair of the said Roads, and for that purpose have borrowed and taken up at interest, considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls arising therefrom 1 and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, and the money borrowed on the credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the terms granted by the said Acts be further H h continued.

Hereford

Election

determined.

Cleobury Mortimer Roads Petition, reported.

Montrose and Brechin Road Petition, reported.

118

27° Februcirii.

A. 1804.

continued, and the powers of the said Acts altered, amended, and enlarged, or otherwise repealed.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from the North fide of Cotes Heath, in the County of Stafford, to the Buck's Head, at Walling Street, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Whitmore and Sir John do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bankes, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of several Persons, Freemen of the City of Hereford, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, informed the House,

, That the said Committee have determined,

That John Scudamore, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City:

And also, That Thomas Powell Symonds, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City: And also, That the said Petition did appear to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, made in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Haslewood being examined, said, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been applied in repairing the said Roads; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good repair, and the money borrowed on the credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powers of the said Acts altered, amended, enlarged, or otherwise repealed.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and 23d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester: And that Mr. and Mr. Hawkins

Browne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir David Carnegie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees of the Turnpike Roads in the County of Forfar, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had berm complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 29th year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was read: And, A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Petitioners, and certain other of the Trustees thereby named and appointed, on whom tire charge and care of the District of Road from Montrose to Brechin was particularly devolved by the General Meetings of the County, h»ve,’for acourse of several years, been at great pains to make complete and finith the said Road, in such manner as to render the fame commodious, easy, and safe to the Public, and in the course of their proceedings, expended considerable Turns of money; but a part of the Road is still in an unfinished state, and cannot be completed, or kept in a proper state of reparation, unless the Petitioners are permitted to increase the Rate of Tolls, and be authorized to borrow further sums of money on the credit of these Tolls, and have the duration or term of the said Act, which expires in a few years, prolonged for a further period.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar: And that Sir David Carnegie and Mr. Farquhar do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Popham: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kettering for inclosing lands within the Manor and Parish of Ket- Incio("reBiU. tering, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lords naturalizing Paul Hanfzen; to which the Lords desire the p^d concurrence of this House. Nat!BiS*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Wigram presented to the House, according to weft India Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the term and powers D^cks Roads of an Act, made in the 42d year of the Reign of His printed, present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the ljle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex-, and also, of several Acts for repairing the

Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several new collateral Branches to communicate with the Raft India and London Docks: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Charles Grant presented to the House, according to Inverness Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Inverness, to act'efs the Proprietors of Lands in the said County, towards the expence of making and supporting l'uch Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of -the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lord Henry Petty reported from the Committee, to sierra L-one whom the Petition of the Court of Directors of The Sierra Company’* Leone Company, and also, the Report of the 25th day of repoited. May 1802, relative to the said Company, were severally referred; and who were empowered to report the mat ter of tl e said Petition, as it should appear to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had made several Observations thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Report and Appendix are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to Cambridge whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Road

Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Com- reported’, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied

44 Geo. III.

27° Februarii.

Ii9

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered v it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 3d, 5th, and 10th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Totham, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for building a Bridge across the River Ouje, at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, were read: And,

Mr. Hugh Robert Evans being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed considerab'e sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads and Bridge be properly and effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; that it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the Trustees were discharged from the care and management of lo much of the Road, mentioned in the said Acts, as is situated between the Guide Post upon Stretham Common, in the Parish of Stretham, and a House in the Town of Wilburton, formerly in the occupation of George Farrin, Gentleman; and, if instead thereof, another Road from the North end of Short , in the said Parish of Stretham, described in the Petition, were put under the care and management of the Trustees, and made a part of the Roads comprized in the said Acts.—And the Witness added. That the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are greatly out of repair, and in many parts narrow and incommodious; and that it would be of great advantage to the neighbourhood, and to the Public, it the same were to be amended, widened, and kept in repair, by the said Trustees.

Ordered, That leave be given to "bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and from Littleport to Checqtier Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keep-. >- ing in repair, certain other Roads: And that Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Secretary Yorke, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mullen's Lord Viscount Folkestone reported from the Committee,

Pond Roads to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging I reported. the Powers» of two Acts, passed in the ad and 5th years of

r the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the I eighteen mile-stone from the City of and feve-

ral other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;and then asecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Rochdale An ingrossed Bill, for enabling the Company of Pro-

Canai Bill, prietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the 34th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

VOL. 59.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Newcatile Goal in and for the Town and County of -

Tyne,was presented to the House, and read; complaining e on* of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook presented to the House, ac- Ramsey, &c. cording to Order, a Bill for draining and improving certain Dr*j»age Bill, Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Ramsey pre ente and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Al- Totham lotment, and Inclosure, of certain Waste Linds, called committed.* ’ Tiptree Heath, within the Manors of Great Totham and Ge~ peracks, in the Parish of Totham, in the County of Essex, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calcraft,

Mr. Bullock, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence, taken before Minute* the Committee on the Petitions presented to the House, in commfttee the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Cotton Ma- respecting nufailure, be referred to the Committee appointed to con- Manufeaure fider of the most speedy and effectual mode of adjusting such differences as may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Duke of ing of the ingrossed Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet,

Wey bridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, fora valuable consideration, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes oiByfleet, Weybridge, Walton,

Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable consideration.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Bill to of the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the volunteer* several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, Acts, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; committed.

A motion was made, and' the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour after Three of the clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the LHkeardWrit. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable John Eliot, now Lord Eliot, called up to the House of Peers. n

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself Committee on into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of per- oArride»'in mitting the importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Foreign ships.

Tallow, deferred-

1C

A. 1804.

120

27°—28°—29*

Marine

Mutiny

Bill,

deferred*

Supply,

deferred.

Ways »nd

Means,

deferred.

Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in or

Irish Ships.

Resolved, That this House Will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Martis, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 44° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Sir fV of the City of London, adjourned. Knight, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

London

Election-

Middlesex Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee Report* appointed to try and determine the merits of the several respeaingMr. Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for Benn Walsh. the County of Middlesex, informed the House, that the said Committee met this Morning, pursuant to their adjournment of yesterday, when the Chairman produced a Letter, dated the preceding evening, from John Benn Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) Rating, that the sudden death of a near Relation prevented him from attending his duty on the said Committee this day.

And the House being informed. That Mr.

Brother-in-law to the said Member, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the cause , of his absence; he was called in} and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Benn Walsh be excused for his not attending this day, and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and eighty-eight Members only being present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration, and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Coventry The Order of the day being read, for taking into con-Consideration ftderation the Petition, complaining of an undue election adjourned. and return for the City of Coventry;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tommorrow, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29° die

Anno 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

London and r | ^H E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Fiea'ion- A- Potion of Sir Wat Lezves, of the City of,

Petitions Knight, complaining of an undue election and return for considered. the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and thirty-one Members being present;

And the Petition of William Ward Eagle, ‘Thomas Latham,

James Whittem, William Johnson, Joseph John Smith,

Nathaniel Merridew, Richard Marriott, Samuel

and William Perkins, complaining of an undue election and return for the City of Coventry, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked; t

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for , into

consideration, was read.

Then the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of Philip Francis, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying the Coventry election, by the counsel for the fitting Member in that case.

And the name of William Praed, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the fame Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the Petitioner declined nominating a Member to serve on the Committee for trying the London Election; and William Baldwin, Esquire, was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Members.

' Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls, was drawn, who, being again sworn, was excused; and the name of Banajlre Esquire,

being drawn, he stated to the House, That he was a General Officer, commanding a District in England, and liable to be ordered to his post at a moment’s warning; and, having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the London election; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Coventry Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for consideration the City of Coventry, was read; adjourned.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the names of twelve Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards; or as having served on a Select Committee.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn; and it appearing that there wanted thirty-seven names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration, till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

Sir Charles Morgan presented to the House, according to Brecknock, Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation to raise a patented-further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

3 Sir

Avlrfbury

EKvrion

determined.

Special Report from Ayldbary

Ele£Hon Committee 9

W:ruites

curved.

Mr. Spalcr not to issue Warrant for a new Writ.

Dmh

Nj ?i Lotion

Petition,

reported.

44 Geo. III.

29° Feb ru aril.

121

Sir George Cor new all, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the Reverend William Lloyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Brozvne, Alton Chaplin, John Barker, -ward Aiston, Robert Smith, Francis John Rawbone,

William Payne, and Luke Turon behalf of themselves and others, the legal Electors of the Borough of Aylesbury, levcrally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That James Du Pre, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That Robert Bent, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And also, that the said Committee have determined. That Thomas Francis Freman, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, That the last election for the said Borough of Aylesbury, so far as the fame relates to the said Robert Bent, Esquire, is void: And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the opposition of the said Robert Bent, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir George Comes vail also acquainted the House, That the said Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That at the last election for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, Robert Bent, Esquire, was, by his agents, guilty of bribery.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That such a notorious system of corruption was formed, and such in-stances of individual acts of bribery were committed, previous to the said election, with a view to influence the lame, as to render it incumbent on the Committee tolub-mit the same to the mod serious consideration of the House, in order that such proceedings may be instituted thereon, as the House, in its wisdom, may think proper to adopt.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That James Neale and John Wi/fon, both of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, and also Samuel Cole, of,

Grosvenor-square,in the County of George Creed,

now or late of Aylesbury aforesaid, John Rawbone, of Aylesbury aforesaid, and several other Persons, were severally and respectively engaged in the said system of corruption.

Ordered, that the said Report be taken into further con-Adoration upon Monday Fortnight, the 19th day of March next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Committee be laid before this House.

Ordered, that Mr. Speaker do not iliue his warrant for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament, for the said Borough of Aylesbury, until the House shall have proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

Mr. HenryLafce/les reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigat ion of the River Dun,under their common leal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed bim to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; You. 59.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

William JeJJ'of being examined, said, That by virtue of several Acts, passed at different periods, the River Dun, in the West Riding of the County of , has been made navigable, in teveral parts thereof, for boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels: That it would tend greatly to the im- . provement of the said Navigation, if the Petitioners were enabled to support and maintain a permanent Weir acrols the; said River, a little below Mexbrough, and to keep up a sufficient depth of water in a Cut, called Cut; and

if powers were given for making and maintaining a Cut or Canal, of the length of four hundred and eighty yards, for the purpose of navigation, from and out of the said River, sixty yards above the ftaith of the Ferry at Spotbrough to below the Navigation-lock there; and to alter the course of the said River for one hundred and thirty-five yards in length, and remove it, not exceeding seventy yards in breadth, in the widest part, at a certain crooked place, called The Devils Elbozv, a little below the entrance of the River Dearne into the said River Dun; also, a Cut, or Canal, about the length of three hundred and eighty five yards, from and out of the said River Dun, at the distance of about two hundred and forty yards from the Weft end of Cadeby Common, to join the said River about fifty yards below the said Common; also, another Cut, or Canal, from and out of the said River Dun (and to alter the course of the said River about the length of one hundred yards) at a place called Isabel Wath,to join the said River in a direct line, where it will cut off a remarkable bend in the said River, and {horten the navigation nearly half a mile; and also, another Cut, or Canal, from the end of the Navigation-lock, on the South fide of Doncaster Mill, to, or near to, the end of the Mil] Dyke, where it joins the water-course from Crimpfall; and for making proper Towing-paths along the fides of the said several Cuts and Canals; and that it is necessary to alter and regulate the present Tolls, Rates, and Duties; and that some amendments should be made to the said Acts, and further powers granted, for enabling the said Company of Proprietors more effectually to support and maintain the said Navigation.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, to alter, amend, and improve the Navigation of the said River; and for other purposes relating thereto: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr* -

force do prepare, and bring in, the fame.


Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Whitehaven whom the Petition of several Trustees for the care of the p^ition ,* Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and reported, also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, as it was only determined to apply to Parliament for paving and lighting the Town of Whitehaven since January last; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, were read -.And,

Mr. George Robinson being examined, said. That progrels has been, from time to time, made in performing the several works authorized by the said Acts to be done, and that the Trustees apprehend it would tend to the more easy and complete execution thereof, if all the said Acts were repealed, and the powers thereof, with such other powers and provisions as may be requisite, were comprized in one Act.

And the Witness being further examined, said, 'rtiat the Streets, Lanes, and public places, within the said Town of Whitehaven, are insufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and regulated, and it w«uld be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the fame, and to persons resorting thereto, if provision were made for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the fame.—And the Witness I i added.

122 29° Febructrii. , A. 1804*

added. That disputes and differences frequently arise between the Matters and Commanders of vessels trading to and from the said Harbour, and the crews of such vessels, and also between such Matters and Commanders, the Merchants, Traders, and other persons within the said Town, and the labourers, carmen, and other persons by them respectively employed, touching their hire or wages; and that it is expedient that provision should be made for enabling the Trustees of the said Harbour speedily and finally to settle such disputes and differences.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Liverpool General Tar let on reported from the Committee, to petition whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and reported. Common Council, of the Town and Corporation of

pool, in Co.mrnon Council assembled (respecting the Docks in the Port of Liverpool) was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or ' Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee

had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, °s it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

• John Forjler being examined, said, That several Acts have been from time to time passed, enabling the Petitioners to erect Docks, Piers, Lighthoul'es, and other works and conveniencies in the Port and Harbour of Liverpool: That it would be attended with great benefit, convenience, and advantage to the Petitioners and the Public, if powers were granted for regulating the present and future Ferries, and Ferry Houses, upon and near the River Mersey, within the limits of the said Pqrt, and fer settling certain Rates or Fares for the transport or conveyance of Persons, and Goods and Merchandize, over the said River and it would

also greatly tend to the benefit and convenience of the Petitioners and the Public, if certain Rules, Orders, and Regulations, were made and established for the government and good conduct of all Boatmen, Ferrymen, and other persons employed on the River Mersey: That it is necessary and expedient that powers shoukl be granted to the Petitioners for altering and enlarging George's Dock

O O i

and Balon, and the Queen’s , in the said Port, and for making an additional Bason, and other woiks and conveniencies, to the Southward of the said Dock, called Dock, in and upon a tract of Ground in Toxteth Park, in the said County, lately purchased by the Corporation of Liverpool from the Earl of S eft on, and to annex and add the fame tra<5l of Ground to the Township and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, and to erect another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniencies, on some part of the feite, extending from North to South, between the said George's Dock Bason, and the Northern boundary of the said Town of Liverpool, and from East to West from the Weft fide of the New Quay and Bath Street, both in Liverpool aforesaid, into the said River Mersey, and to extend the powers and provisions of the said several Acts to the said new intended Dock, and to the said other works so intended to be made and executed, and that powers should be granted for the better and more efficacious government and security of the said Docks, Basons, and other works, and for the preservation of Ships and Vessels therein from fire; and it is necessary that the powers and provisions of the said Acts, with respect to the regulation of graving or repairing Docks within the said Town and Port, should be amended, enlarged, and extended: That the Duties already granted by the said several Acts, are by no means adequate to the repair of the several Docks already erected, and to the erection and repair of the Docks intended to be erected in the said Port, and it is therefore absolutely necessary that further aid be obtained, by including under the said former Duties, a species of Vessels not yet subject thereto, and also to lay a small Tax on all goods, wares, and merchandize to be imported into the said Port of Liverpool: That it would be attended with great benefit and advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town and Port, and w to the Public, if a Railway or Tram-road were made from a certain Stone Quarry, situate near the East end of Parliament Street, in the said Town, over and along the fame Street, to the said River Mersey; that the powers and pro-1 visions of the said several Acts, in several respects, have been found, by experience, to be defective and insufficient for the effectual execution of the fame; and it is necessary that the said several Acts should be altered, enlarged, added to, amended, and explained.

Ordered, That leave be givtyi to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and cox> veniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with 1

suitable conveniences, in the fame Port; for amending the '

powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks I

in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire:

And that General Tarleton and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame. i

General Tarleton reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town and Corporation of Liverpool, in reported. Common Council assembled, for improving the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and:

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in tire 26th year of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, passages and places, within the said Town, and for other purposes, was read: And,

Mr. John Forfier being examined, said, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, but have not yet completed the improvements thereby dt-rested to be made in the said Town: That the powers and provisions of the said Act, in several respects, have been found to be defective and insufficient for the effectual execution of the fame, and it is necessary that the term of the fame should be extended, and that the powers and pro-vffions thereof should be explained, amended, enlarged, extended, added to, and varied; and that it is necessary and expedient that powers shoukl be given to the Petitioners to open and make certain new Streets, and to widen and improve several other Streets already made within the said Town, and to flag certain Footways in certain Streets, and to enforce the pavement cf such Streets as are already laid out, and not yet paved, and also of such Streets as may hereafter be laid out in the said Town; and that it would be more advantageous to the Petitioners and the Public, that the line or direction of the common Highway or Road, intended to have been made from Ba:h Street in the said Town, to Beacon's Gutter, along and upon the East Strand or Shore of the River Mersey, in the said Port of Liverpool,

should be diverted and continued in a more direct and (trait line from Bath Street to Beacon's Gutter aforesaid, and that another new Road to the East ward of and nearly parallel with the said Road so intended to be diverted, should be continued from a certain Street called Great Howard Street, to the Northern boundary of the said Town of Liverpool; and it would also be highly advantageous to the Public, if power was given to open another new Road at the South end of the said Town, to extend from the East end of Parliament Street in the said Town, to and into a Road called Smithdown Lane, lying part in the said Township of Liverpool, and part in the Township of Park

in the County of Lancaster; and also, if power were given to make proper and sufficient Common Sewers from the said Northern Roads, and the said Southern Road, and the Lands adjoining into the River Mersey, in the said Port of Liverpool.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and widening certain Streets, passages, and places, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other purposes in the said Act men- v ' tioned;

44 Geo. Ill*

29° Februanii

123

Uncoln and

Kevvark Roads Bill9 tommitted.

Account of intereil of Loans for ' Ireland,

- rdered.

tioned; and also, for further iihproVing the said Town: And that General Tarleton, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. of

Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a place called at the top of Leaden-

ham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barn-by Gate, in Newark-upon-Trent, and from the Guide Port at the division of Kel/iam and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Bridge, to the said Guide Post, was read a second time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Eyre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of sums paid in Great Britain, for interest of money raised by way of Loan for Ireland, during eight years, ending jth January 1804; distinguishing each year.

ottington Mr* -Atkins presented to the House, according to Order, ncloiure Bill, a Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields within irefcnted. the of Tottington,in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of Sujj'ex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Goring A Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in

Bmmktei'11, ^ie Goring,in the County of Sujj'ex, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Atkins, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Croydon and Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom

fortsmouth t}je Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Sktition, and others, of the City of London, and the Town of Ports-tported. mouth, and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the

Counties of Surrey, Sujj'ex, and Hants, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rennie, Civil Engineer being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken, it is pra<5licable to make and

maintain a Navigable Canal, for the passage of boats and other vessels from the Croydon Canal, at or near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, inro the River A run at or near Arundel, in the County of and from the said River to, and to communicate with; the Harbour of Portsmouth, in the County of Hants: That the making the said Canal will open a communication for the cheap conveyance of all kinds of commodities between the several considerable Towns, lying upon and near the line of the said Canal, will be a means of improving the Estates through and near which it will pass, will afford an expeditious and safe conveyance for all stores, goods, Jpid merchandizes, between London and Portsmouth, and will, in other respects, be of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to brine, in-a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Croydon Canal, at or near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River A run, at or near Arundel, in the County of Siffex-, and from the said River to, and to communicate witii, the Habour of Portsmouth, in the County of Hants:And that Mr. Howard and Lord Viscount Andover do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Stafford and Sir John IVrotiefey reported from the Committee, to F«u!onROiUl* w^om Potion of several Trustees for executing two reported. Aids, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Ma-jcidy, lo far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, and other places, being the First Dillnid of Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That Vox.. 59.

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re* port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read and; is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Francis Brooke, Clerk to the Trustees of the First District, being examined, laid, That the Petitioners, by virtue of the powers veiled in them by the said Acts, have made great progrels in the amendment and repair of the said Roads, and for that purpose have borrowed and taken up considerable Sums of money on the credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, with the re-payment of ' which sums the fame Hill continued charged; and they find that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, and the money borrowed on the credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the term and powers granted by the said Acts are continued, so far as respect the First District of,

the said Roads.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, made in the 3d and 23d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford, and,

to a place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain Hone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and in the

Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And that Sir John Wroitefley, Mr. Moncktcn, and Lord Granville Leveson Gower, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes imposed in 5^*nent the years 1802 and 1803, during the years ending 5th ordered. January 1803, and 5th January 1804; distinguishing each quarter.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and enlarg- Mullen’* ing the powers, of two Acts, passed in the ad and 5th BUlfpalfcd* years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing * the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen mile-stone from the City of Salisbury, and. several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 5th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen mile-'

Hone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1

Mr. Samuel Smith reported from the Committee, to whom Leicester the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parillr of Saint Mary, in or Inclosure BUI, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, was re*>olte committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The counsel and agents, in the case of the London election, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to cominit^e

attend appointed.

Wigan and Preiion Roads Bill, patented.

Accounts

relating to

Barracks,

ordered.

Petition of Barley

Growers, See, of Stafford and Warwick.

Committee on Acts relating to the Revenue of Ireland, deferred.

124 29° Februani—1° Martii. A. 1804

attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, as follows:

John Fane, Esquire, John Esquire, the Lord

Templet own, James Adams, Esquire, Edward,

Esquire, William Gore Langton, Esquire, Henry Howard, Esquire, the Lord Huntingfield, George Shum, Esquire, William Alexander Madocks, Esquire, James Longhorn, Esquire, Charles Montagu OrmJb, Esquire, Thomas , Esquire.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents* withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel and agents wefe again called in.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House, That the said thirteen Members had chosen Edward Hilliard, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of William Baldwin, Esquire, and Edward Hilliard, Esquire, were added to the said thirteen Members.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition,complaining of an undue election and return for London, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr. Holt Leigh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 19th and 35th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all such Barracks as have been pulled down, fold, or disposed of, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the number of Men and Horses they were calculated to contain, and the several Sums they were fold for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all such Barracks as have been erected, or ordered to be erected, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the Places where they arc fuuated, and the number of Men and Horses they are calcul ted to contain, together with the several dates of the Order-, . -r ereifling them, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences which have severally attended the erection of all such Barracks; distinguishing such as have been built by Contradi, Engagement, or otherwise.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the dates of such Contracts, or Agreements, and the Terms and Conditions attending the lame; together with the names of the Persons who have made such Contrails, or Agreements.

A Petition of the Barley Growers, Maltsters, Consumers of Malt, and Landholders in general, of the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Taxes on Malt are extremely oppressive, and particularly objectionable in those Counties where the common beverage is Beer, and fall with peculiar force on the Petitioners; and that all Bounties on the Importation of Corn are extremely prejudicial to this Country, and ought not to be fullered but in cases of the greatest emergency: And therefore praying the House to take the above matters into its early consideration, and that the Corn Act, of the 31ft year of His present Majesty, may be revised and amended.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament Britain in the 39th

and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the 41 ft and 42d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to confo-lidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour after One of the clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Prielt, in Ireland, be read a second time this day.

Ordered, That the Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland, be read a second time this d'ay.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in or

Irish Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Jovis, 1° die

Anno 44* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of William Ward Eagle, Thomas Latham, James Whit tern, William Johnson, La,it, John Smith,

Nathaniel Merridew, Richard Samvel

and William Perkins, complaining of an undue election and return for the City of Coventry, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And

Committee on Bill to

consolid.ue

Volunteer

Aits.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Bill respectinj Persons admitted into Orders in Ireland, deferred.

Schtch Creditors Bill, deferred.

Committee on Importation of Articles in Foreign Ships, deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill, del erred.

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Covent ry El ection-Con lid era nun adjourned.

44 Geo. III. 1—2° Mart'll 125

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and eighty-two Members only being present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into confederation, and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the afternoon.

•mbers Refohed, That, when the House shall have proceeded, bit at Tommorrow, to the appointment of a Select: Committee Hot to He for the trial of the Petition appointed to be then taken o.ad,ic. into consideration, and the names of the Members shall be drawn, and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do di-1 rest the name of every Member so called, who shall be

j absent from the House, and who shall not then be serv-

ing on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let aside; and that a list of the names of l'uch absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the report of the lift of the names of l'uch absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said Select Committee a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hpufe, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the Special Order of the House.

to be Ordered, That this House be called over Tommorrow, tfkuover. Ordered, That fuel* Members as shall not then attend be sent for in custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 2° die Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii IIP11 Kegis, 1804.

1 Prayers.

bmtry HT'HE hour appointed for raking into consideration the JL Petition of William Ward Eagle, Thomas Latham, tiered. James Whittem. William , Jof’ph Lant, John Smith,

| Nathaniel Merridew, Richard Marriott, Samuel Light bourn,

| and William Perkins, complaining of an undue election and

j return for the City of Coven, being come;

• The House proceeded to i he appointment of a Select

Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

I The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and fifty-eight Members being present.

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of William Praed, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for the fitting Member nominated Pkilip Francis, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name- of the Right honourable Charles Yorke, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, was drawn; who being again sworn, was excused: and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the VOL. 59.

counsel, the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll have leave to go the Western Leave of Circuit. Absence.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to Brecon and whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the peat i<ds Act thereunder mentioned, was referred; That tire Com- reported’, mitteehad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had bten complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and' afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 22d year of. His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon; and also the Road through Mari/h Lane, to the and Turn-

pike Road, near the village of Ltyfwen, in the same County, was read: And,

Mr. Walter Church, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act* and have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: That it would be advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public, utility, if the Petitioners were discharged from the care and management of so much of the said Roads, as leads through Marish Lane to the Bui/th and Hay Turnpike Road, near the village of Llvfwen aforesaid; and if, instead thereof, the Road leading to Gartkbrengy Common, being in length three miles, or thereabouts, were put under the care and management of the Petitioners, and made a part of the Road comprized in the said Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the T.wn of Brecon to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwen, in the County of Brecon, and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County;

And that Sir Charles Morgan and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Brecon whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Petition. Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Com- rep0‘’ed‘ mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon, to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of , and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Passage, in the same County; and also an Act, passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of the said Act, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Act, as lie in the County of Hereford, were read; And,

Mr. Walter Churchey being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable sum of money upon the credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

K k Ordered,

126

2° Mar

A. 1804.

The Lords hare agreed to

Canterbury and Whitstable Roads Bill.

The Lords hive paired Golding's Name Bill.

Bill read.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Breton to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney PaJ’uge, in the County of Hereford, so far as relate to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford: And that Sir George and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Old and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for keeping in repair the Roads from Saint Cross

to North Lane, near to the City of and to the

Sea-fide at Whitstable,in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding Graves, Clerk, and his first and other Sons, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the Will of George Golding, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

s»w‘!T . Mr. Annefleyreported from the Committee, to whom the

Drainage Bill, Bill for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of reported. Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise SawtrySaint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-mendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the'Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gross'ed.

Minutes of Sir George Cornewall presented to the House, pursuant to ^OI*,"ceon their Order, Minutes of the Proceedings of the Select Eieaion^ Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the presented. merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough ot Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed for the

Members of the House,

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Beaminster Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Com-inclosureBill, mjttee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the repo . Parish of Beaminster, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houffe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question lcvcially put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Wc3 India A Bill for altering and enlarging the term and powers D'b!u, R°adS of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His pre-

committed.

sent Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Iste of Dogs, in the County of dlesex; and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several new collateral branches to communicate with the East India and London Docks, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. William Dundasreported from the Committee, to Edinburgh whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Police Town Council, ordinary and extraordinary, lor the City ^rted of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on behalf of the com-

munity of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That owing to the extension of the City of Edinburgh, and great increase of the Inhabitants therein. Suburbs thereof, and places adjacent, it has become necessary to have a general System of Police established for the City, Canongate, and Pleasance, and all other places within the present Toll Bars ereftfed on the respective High Roads leading to the said City, and the Houses adjacent thereto; and also, for North LeitUt and Citadel, and the Villages of Newhaven, Bonington, Canon-milns. Water of Leith, Ref! a trig, Jocks Lodge, and and to have a permanent Magistrate or Justice of the Peace to superintend the whole, with proper powers, and to have Deputies where necessary; and it has likewise become necessary to have Regulations for cleansing and lighting the Streets and passages within the aforesaid places, and that a proper number of Watchmen, both by night and day, be appointed; and also Regulations made for the apprehending and punishing of vagrants and disorderly persons who cannot give a proper account of themselves; and also for the more effectual suppression of common begging, and removingall kinds of nuisances from the Streets and Roads within the above limits, and for other purposes tending to the preservation of peace and good order within the City and Suburbs; and that a Tax be imposed upon the whole Inhabitants within the aforesaid limits, for defraying the expence, under the administration of Commissioners; and that it is necessary to veil the Petitioners, the Lord Provost and Magistrates, with more ample powers for licensing and making, and enforcing Regulations and Fares for Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Carts,. Porters, Meters of Corn, as well for Edinburgh as in their Port of Leith; and that the Inhabitants have been very much imposed upon in the weight of Coals brought in carts to the City and adjacent places; and it will therefore be necessary to authorize the Lord Provost and Magistrates to appoint every cart to be weighed at Still-yards, to be erected for the purpose, and to exact for each cart a small sum of money sufficient for the payment of persons for superintending the weighing and keeping in repair the Still-yards, the money to be repaid to the drivers of carts by the con-fumers and purchasers of the coals, and to make and enforce regulations for that purpose; and that it is necessary to authorize the Lord Provost and Magistrates to take cognizance of Bread, and to make and enforce regulations for making it of a uniform weight at whatever the felling price may be, whether baked in Edinburgh or in the , Suburbs, or brought there from the country; and that it is also necessary to extend the Royalty over certain grounds lately purchased by the City, and other grounds on the North of the City, belonging in property to the Governors of George Heriots Hospital, and the Trustees of David Steuart, Esquire.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and '

places

44 Geo. Ill*

2° Martin 127

places adjacent thereto; for cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public passage:, within the said limits; and for other purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. William Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

fUii.iington Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to P-^tion whom the Petition of several Trustees, appointed by an

repo.toil Act, passed in the 23d year of his late Majesty, and by

two Acts, passed in the Qth and 33d years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain high Roads in the County of Haddington, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Alexander Munddlbeing examined, said, That great progress hath been made in making and repairing the said Roads, but some of them still require to be altered and improved, particularly by Ihortening the communication from Garvaldto North Berwick, by means of a new line of Road from Crop gate ,until it shall join the

North Berwick Road, at or near Fortune, and by

avoiding hills on the great Turnpike Road from Linton to Haddington, and by making the access to Haddington shorter and more easy; and also by widening the Road at and from the present Cross Bar at Wrally ford to the Western Boundary of the said County of Haddington, adjoining to the County of Edinburgh.-—Then,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That it is expedient that a new Turnpike Road from Begbie Bridge to the present Pencaitland Road, and from thence Northward, until it joins the present Turnpike Road from Haddington to Edinburgh, should be made, and kept in repair, under the direction of the said Trustees; and also that power should be given to them to advance a sum of money towards building a new Bridge across the River at

burgh,in the County of Edinburgh, and to render the accels to the Capital of Scotland from the said County of Haddington more easy; and also, that the feite of the Toll Bars erected upon the said Roads should be altered and varied, and that Toll Bars should be erected, and Tolls levied, upon the following lines of Road; upon the Road leading from Bearford to Haddington, from Gifford to Haddington, and upon the Road leading from Bolton Sallon and Begbie towards Haddington, and upon the Crols Roads from Hunlington Dikes, and by Era bourne to,

and from thence to the Society of Gladfmuir, and from Seaton to the great Turnpike Road, and from Tranent to Ormiston, and from thence by Pencaitland to Haddington, and upon the Road leading from Haddington by the Newton Port to Abcrlady; and that these Roads should also be repaired, and kept in repair, under the direction of the said Trustees; but these objects cannot be accom-plished unless the term and powers granted by the said Acts, and also by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the year 1669, for repairing Highways and Bridges, be enlarged, altered, and amended, and the said Acts reduced and consolidated into ohe Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom, and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County: And that Mr. William Dundas, General Maitland, and the Lord Binning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to

Navigation whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in

PrtitK»n, execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

reported. for granting to His Majesty the Sum of £. 20,000 towards

the expence of-making an Inland Navigation from the Laftern to the Western Sea, by Ittverness and Fort,

Vol. 59.

and for taking the necessary fieps towards executing thd fame, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the Houl6, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except that no Notices had been given on the Scffiotts House door for the County of Argyle, through part of which the said Navigation is intended to pass; but that a map or plan of the said Navigation had been deposited for public inspection at the office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Argyle, before the 30th of September last, together with a book of reference, containing a list of the names of the1 Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers of the Lands thiough which the Navigation was intended to be carried j and that although it was proposed to raise eventually, by liibscription, some part of the money for making the said Navigation, it did not appear to the Committee that any Money had yet been subscribed for making the same'; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as foL* loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act: was read: And,

Mr. William Jeffop, an Engineer, being examined, laid,

That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act haw proceeded in the execution thereof, and several works have been undertaken under their direction accordingly, and a proper line for the said Navigation has been fixed upon, and plans thereof have been prepared, together with an estimate of the expence of executing the fame.

Mr. Thomas Telford, also an Engineer, being examined, confirmed the above evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to Renfrew, ici. whom the Petition of several Owners of Land in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, and Trustees ap- reported/ pointed by various Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of his late Majesty, and in the 29th, gid, and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repair-* ing certain Roads in the said Counties therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Henry Fulton being examined, said, That great progress hath been made in making, altering, and repairing the Roads in these Acts mentioned, and it would be of advantage to the Public if certain other Roads branching therefrom, or connected therewith, which are at present in bad repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, should be put and kept in repair, subject to proper regulations, under the direction of the fame Persons who are Trustees appointed by the said Acts; viz.The Road from Carmunnock to Peel, and from thence to Eaglesham, by Bujbyfide and by Drips, and from Peel by Thornton and Bogton, to Jackton Toil, and from Williamwood by Muirend to Pollockjhaws, and from Mauljmire by Bankhall and Shiels to the

Road, and the Roads from Eaglesham to Muirkirk, and from Eaglesham to Newmills, and from Kirkland Bridge by Eaglesham to Kingswell, so far as the fame pass, or are intended to pals through the County of Renfrew from Barjhead by Auchinback Muir to Po/'ocktown, and to Mearnjkirk, and from Mearnjkirk to Eaglesham, from Hoiffehill to TongueJIiill, and from Pollockjhazvs to the termination of the County of Renjrew at Driffenbeg, by Pollock-town, and by Balgray, and from Whilehouse by Muirhouse to Paisley, and to Beilh, and from Muirhouse to Irvine by Bigg art and Mountgreenan, and from Three Mile House to Clerkjbridge, by Paisley and Quarrelton, and to Beith and Irvine, and a Road branching therefrom to Hawkhead Mills, and fioxor Hawkhead Mills by A uchint or lie to Paisley,

and

portrane and Donabate Inclosure Bill, committed.

Scotch

Creditors Bill, committed.

St. Alban’s Paving Bill, reported.

Temple Bar, See.

Improvement

Petition,

reported.

128

2" Marti!. A. 1804.

and from Barfkivan to Linwood, and from to the

Road from Barnsford to the Bridge of at

and from the East end of Port Glasgow to the South fide of the Ropewalk into Princes Street, and from Largs by Brijbane Outerwards, Garvock, and White lee, to

Greenock: That the said Roads cannot be kept in repair, nor the said Acts be carried into execution, unless the term thereby given be further continued, and the powers and authorities granted by the fame, and also by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the year 1669, intituled, " Act for repairing Highways and Bridges," enlarged, altered and amended, and reduced and consolidated into one Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating* several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; for repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew: And that Mr. William Dmdas and Mr. William Macdowall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Portrane and Donabate, in the County of , was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Foster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland, be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Poyntz reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the Footways and Cross-paths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and other public passages and places within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 35th, 38th, 39th, 40th, and 42d years of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising money on the credit of the Orphan’s Fund for those purposes; were read: And,

Mr. William Mountague being examined, said, That great progress hath been made in the execution of the works directed to be ddne by the said Acts; but, in order to complete the same, it is necessary that power should be given to raise a further sum of money for that purpose.—Then,

Mr. Timothy Tyrrell being examined, said, That the said Acts have, in feme respects, been found defective, and require explanation and amendment.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising an additional sum of money for carrying into execution several Acts for widening the entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain sums of money for those purposes; and also for enlarging the powers of the said Acts: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, Bow Poor to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers Pct,tu'"’ of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in reporu the County of Middlesex, and of several Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had exa-» mined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. liam Rowell being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported by the said Parish at a great expence, and by means of very heavy Rates: That the present mode of assessing and collecting the monies for the relief of the said Poor hath been fbund inconvenient and oppressive, and the payment thereof is much evaded, particularly by reason that divers Houses in the said Parish are let out in separate apartments, or ready furnished to Lodgers: That it is conceived that the granting proper powers for the more equally assessing the monies for the relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectually collecting the fame, and also for subjecting such persons as shall let houses therein in separate apartments, or ready furnished to Lodgers, to be rated in respect. thereof, to the relief of the said Poor, would tend to the reduction of the present Poor Rates in the said Parish, to the alleviation of many industrious families who now pay the fame, and of the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general.—And,

Mr. Charles Samuel Milward being examined, confirmed the above statement.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hansen* naturalizing Paul Hanfzen, was read a second time. Emitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Thames and whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Medway Thames and Medway Canal, was referred; That the Com- petition, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders reported, of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a place called Nichclfcns Ship Yard, in the Parish of Friendsbury,in the said County, 10 and

44 Geo. III.

2° Martii;

129

!tnch pnr.vement

iited#

and also a certain collateral Cut from White Wall, in the said Parish, to the said River Medway, was read: And,

Mr. Ralph Walker being examined, laid. That the said Company have expended a great part of the money which they were enabled to raise by virtue of the said Act, and it is expedient that power should be given to the said Company to raise an additional 1 uin of money for completing the said undertaking; and that it would greatly facilitate the execution of the said undertaking, and be likewise attended with great benefit to the circumjacent country, if power was given to vary the line of the said Canal from a point at the diilance of Sco yards, or thereabouts, to the Eafiward of a Farm called King's Farm, in the Parish of Chalk, in the said County, through the said Parish of Chalk* and through the several Pari files of H'gham Cliffe, and Frindsbury in the said County, to join the present line of the said Canal at a point near the Hoo Road, in the said Parish of Frhui/bttry; and it is nccetfary to alter and enlarge certain other powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and to raise a further lum of money for completing the said Canal and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and en- -larging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Wat Jon do prepare, and bring in, the fame. V

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent* was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, but that notice of the intended application for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching, the said Parish, was affixed on the door of the Sessions House at Maidstone at the last Christmas Sessions, the application to Parliament not having been determined upon until it was too late to give the Notices within the time limited by the said Standing Orders; but it appeared to the Committee, that the immediate improvement of the Streets of the said Parish would not only be attended with great convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, but would greatly facilitate the communication with His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Warren, and Artillery Barracks, at-Wcolivich; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Moore being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Pariflr are very numerous, and the present Workhouse is in a very defective (late, and much too final]; and that the Burial Ground is become toofmall for the interment of the Parishioners, and the Streets and other public passages and places, within the said Parish, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched; and that it would be attended with great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants

u O

of the said Parish, if a proper Workhouse was provided for the reception and employment of the Poor thereof, and powers given for their better regulation and support 5 and if the Streets and other public passages of the said Pari ill were paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and freed from all nulfances, annoyauces, and encroachments, and the Burial Ground of the said Parish enlarged, or an additional piece of ground provided for that purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report do he upon the Table.

totford

ng fr.

tuned.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford,in the County of Kent,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; but that notice of the intended application, for the purposes mentioned in the Petition, was affixed on the door of the Sessions House at Maidf.one at the !aft Christmas Quarter Sessions;

VOL. 59.

and that Notices were also inserted in Vie Journal

on the 24th and 3»ft days of January, and 7th day of February last;, the application to Parliament not having been determined upon until it was too late to give the Notices within the time limited by the said Standing Oitiers j and that it will be attended with great inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill, during the present Session, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said Parish, and regulating the Police thereof; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had di- rected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr William Parrell being examined, said. That the Streets and other public passages and places within the said Parish, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are very incommodious for Travellers and Passengers:

That it would oe a great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and all persons refolding thereto, if the fame were paved, cleansed, lighted, and rH watched, and regulated, and nuisances, annoyances, en-.croachments, and obstructions removed, and in future prevented.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir John WrotteJIey presented to the House, according to Stafford and Order, a Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Sandon Acts, made in the 3d and 23d years of the Reign of His pr"^a/ present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through - ' ford and Eccleshall, to a place called Cross, near

Woore, in the County of Salop; and from aforesaid, to a certain Rone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road between and Newport,

being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned!

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of Payments made by the Government of Ireland, pomade* at Par, to all persons in or from Ireland, since the Union; by the distinguishing the amount paid in each Session of Parlia- Government ment, with the average rate of Exchange, and the total ordered" * Amount above Par, letting forth the Orders under which the payments were made at Par, and a copy of the form of such Orders.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned £^{^7 to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com- Committee mittee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which appointed, lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Sir John Cox Hipp.ifey, Baronet, Charles Adams, Esquire,

Richard Dazvjou, Esquire, Lord Viscount Fitzharris, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Sir Edmund Cradock,

Baronet, the Lord Porchefer, the Honourable William Stewart, William Moffatr, Esquire, Mark Wood, Esquire, Wil-

liam Northey, Esquire, James Rul/er of Exeter, Esquire, Sir Robert Barclay, Baronet, William Pracd, Esquire, Philip Francis, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Coventry, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Ordered, That the Bill to enforce the due observance of Bill respeaing the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of persons to gj^ted be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, into Orders

in Ireland, be read a second time'upon Monday next.

in Ireland, deferred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire fp^ted* into the State of Ireland, as to its circulating Paper, its to enquire Specie, and current Coin, and the Exchange between that c'°rency of L I . part Ireland.

Vj

Committee on Acts relating tat e K<-venue of Ireland*

Committee on Mutiny Bill.

Committee on Bill to consolidate Volunteer Acts.

Reported.

130

2"—3°

A. 1804.

part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain: And that they do report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Lord

Archibald Hamilton, Lord Henry Petty, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chan-

cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Lord Viscount reagh, M r. Secretary Torke, the Earl ‘Temple, Mr. Grey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Rose, Mr. Canning, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Bond, Mr. Carry, Mr. Steele, Mr. Elliot, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Long, Mr. Samuel Thornton, Sir John Nezv-port, Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Sneyd, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Manning, Mr. John Mr.

John Claudius Beresford, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Neville, Lord Viscount Folkestone, Lord Viscount Dunlo, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. George Ponsonby, Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Mr.

Sheridan, Sir John Sinclair, the Lord De Mr.

Dent: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henly Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had nude to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thy Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confident ion upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve co»mi itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of ImP°ri'Ju permitting the Importation of Hides,'Calve Skins, Horns, ?f£n'cls Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ship^'8" Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irijk Ships.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Heniy Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will* immediately, resolve irfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40! h year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and hkewite, several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 4zd years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Mwine itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply

deterred*

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways mi solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Sabbati, 3° die

Anno 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to wetherby whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Kna" Merchants, and Tradesmen, of the Market Towns of Wether- p^on, by and Knaresborough, in the County of and parts reported,

adjacent was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from to -

borough, in the County of York, was read: And,

Mr. Francis Fairbank being examined, said, That several sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the said Act, most of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in repair, unless the term and powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the 23d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported from the Committee, Cumfceriant to whom the Petition of several Owners, Occupiers, and

Farmers of Fisheries, in the arm of the Sea which is situate Petition, between the County of Cumberland, in England, and the rePorted’ Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in Scotland, and also the Frfheries in the Rivers,

5 Rivulets,

44* Geo. III.

3° Martii.

131

Rivulets, and other Waters which run into, or otherwise communicate with, the said arm of the Sea, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter.of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his plac.’; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John RobinJ'on being examined, said. That the Fisheries in the said arm of the Sea, and in the several Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, Streams, Ponds, Pools, and other Waters wlvch run into, and otherwise communicate with, the said arm of the Sea, were formerly of great value to the Owners, Occupiers, and Farmers thereof, and of much public utility; but, from the great destruction which hath of late years been made therein by persons of all descriptions destroying the Breeding Kepper and Shedder Salmon, and other Fish, and the Brood, Spawn, and Fry thereof, which are bred in the said arm of the Sea, and other Waters which run into, or communicate therewith, the said Fisheries have fallen into great decay, and become nearly useless and unprofitable, to the great loss of the Public, as well as to the individuals interested therein: That if proper Rules were established for the better protecting and preserving the Breeding Salmon and other fish and the Brood, Spawn, and Fry thereof in the said Fisheries, and for ascertaining the times when the different forts of fish shall be taken and killed, it would not only be the means of their prefeivation, but also tend to the improvement of the estates and properties of the Petitioners, and all others concerned therein, and likewise be of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and W, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea: And that Lord Viscount Stopford and Mr. Cunven do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir William Paxton reported from the Committee, to •whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Mines, Coal Works, L.ime Quarries, Lane's, an 1 Eftntes, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Jeffreys being examined, said. That by a survey lately made, it appears that a Canal for the navigation of boats, barges, and other vessels, and a Railway or Tram-road for the passage of waggons and other carriages, may be conveniently made from the Town of Swansea to a place called Castle Hill, in the Parish of Oyjlermouth, in the said County; and that the making of the fame, together with such collateral Cuts or Branches therefrom as may be found necessary, will tend to supply the said Town, and the country adjacent thereto, and to the lines of the said Canal and Railway, with coal, limestone, and other articles, at a much cheaper rate than at present, and will, in other respects, be of great public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for mak-irgand maintaining a navigable Canal, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of O'flermov.th,in the County of Glamorgan: And that

Sir William Paxton and Mr. ?rail do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Paxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons interested in the Trade and Navigation of the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, wras referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had

Vol. 59.

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the 31ft and 36th years of His present Majesty, to improve the said Harbour and the Lights at the Mumbles, were read: And,

Mr. John Jeffreys being examined, said, That the Trustees have greatly improved the said Harbour, as well as that of the Bri/Iol Channel, and in doing thereof, have ne-cefiarily expended divers sums of money, and contr.acted debts to a considerable amount; but the said Harbour is still capable of greater improvement, and it is necessary the Trustees should be empowered to take an additional Tonnage for all vessels entering or failing out of the fame with coal stone, coal, and culm; and that the said A<5b, in other respects, should be altered and amended, and the powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same: And that Sir William Paxton and Mr. Trail do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the invemefs County of Invemefs, to afiefs the Proprietors of Lands in the said County, towards the expence of making and iup- commi e porting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Sc, was read a le-cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grant, Mr.

Farquhar, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Cox Hippifley, from the Select Committee who Coventry were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Pe- Ele£lio!>> tition ot William Ward Eagle, Thomas Latham, James ^ctcnnlHe"' Whittem, William Johnson , Joseph Lant, John Smith, Nathaniel Merridew, Richard Marriott, Samuel Light bourn and William Perkins, complaining of an undue election and return for the City of Coventry, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Peter Moore, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Coventry:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,.

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Mutiny Bill, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the rep°rted.

Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from r the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of permitting the Importation of Hides, Forciyn SiiiPs, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton rtp0ltCl1' Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or lrish Ships; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation of

Hides,

Go ne

London

Elertion

determined.

LeicefaTr County Rates Petition, reported.

Report on Acts relating to the

Revenue of Ireland.

132 3° Marin. A. 1804.

Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Ships. And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in.Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships: And that Mr. Henry Alexander and Mr. Nicholas Yanfitiart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Fane, from the Select Committee who were

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir Watkin Lezves, of the City of London, Knight, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City,

■ informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Sir John William AndersonBaronet, is duly elected . a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That Sir William Curtis, Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City: And also, that the said Committee have determined, That Harvey ChrijiianComic, E (quire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the said City;

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That Sir Charles Price, Baronet, is duly defied a*Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City: And also, that the said Committee have determined, That the said Petition did appear to the said Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Leicester,was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

* Thomas Frere being examined, laid. That at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at the Castle of Leicester,in the said County, on the 19th day of April

lad, it appeared to the Court, that the Assessment by which the County Rates are collected, had not been altered since the year 1740, and is becoming very unequal, from the great alterations which have taken place in the value of property in that long period of time: That there are 30 Lordships or Places in the said County, which are not rated in the General County Rate made under the powers of the Act of the 12th of George the Second, or have been since discharged from that Rate, because the powers of the said last mentioned Act were inadequate to enforce the payment thereof: That the injury of this unequal taxation, to many parts of the said County, is further aggravated by the great encrease of the County expenditure, which in the lad 30 years hath advanced from £.560. to about £.3,000. per annum, and it is therefore become expedient that a more equal and effectual method of making the County Rates, within the said County, should be established.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County: And that Mr. Legh Keck and Sir Edmund do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty; and likewise, several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 4ld years of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and agreed to by the House.

The said Resolutions are indited in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Cony, Lord Viscount Cafllereagh, Mr. and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Articles enumerated in the Book of Rates contained in an Act of the Irish Parliament of 40th George III. or in

any other Act in force in Ireland, on the 5th of January 1804, which are omitted in the Schedule of Duties reported to the House this day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, anAccount of the official, and likewise of the real or current Value, at which each article of the Imports and Exports of Britain to and from Ireland, during the three years ending the 5th January 1803, has been estimated in the Returns made thereof to this House; distinguishing each year, and each article.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, anAccount of the official, and likewise of the real or current Value, at which each article of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, during seven years, to the 5th of January 1803, has been estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union, and to this House since; discinguishing each year, and each article.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts, containing the substance of the several Proclamations which have been made in Great Britain or Ireland, respecting Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Indian Corn, llice, or Potatoes, since 1773; distinguishing the dates of each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Linens exported from Great Britain and Ireland, distinguishing the Linens manufactured in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Union to the 5th of January 1804, and distinguishing each year.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

A Petition of the Honourable William Eliot, John Car-thew, John Eliot, Richard TauntM. D. James Cart hew, Robert Moon, William Pedlar, John Jope, William Ea/es, John Penzvarne, William Knight, John WeJUake,

William Webb, Joseph Eade, John Borrow, James Rogers,

Thomas Penwarne, and Francis Burgesses of the

Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, was delivered in at the Table, and read; letting forth, That at the last election for Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, held on the 6th of July 1802, the Honourable John Eliot, and the Petitioner William Eliot, and Thomas Sheridan, and William Esquires, were Candidates; and that the late Mayor of the said Borough, who acted as Returning Officer, returned the said John Eliot and William Eliot duiy eiefted to serve in Parliament as Burgesses of the said Borough, against which return two Petitions were presented to the House, one on behalf of the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, Esquires, and one on behalf of Samuel Mitchell and others, reprelenting themlclves to be Inhabitants Hou'e-11 holders.

Appendix.

(NO. 22.)

Accounts, S:c* relative to Ircta n J, ordered.

Lift of Articles.

Imports and Exports.

Corn, See.

Linens

Exported.

Committee on Marine Mutiny Bill.

Petition relix-rting the Right of Election for Lilkeard.

44 Geo. III. 35°

holders of the said Borough, paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; dating (amongst other things) that the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie ought to have been duly elected to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough, they having a majority of legal votes; and that on Friday, the 25th day of February lad, a Select Com-*, mittee of the House was appointed to try the merits of the said Petitions; and that the said Committee, on the hearing of the said Petitions, required the parties to deliver in separate datements of the several rights of election for the said Borough for which they respectively contended } and that the datement delivered in by the Petitioners before the said Committee dated the right of election in the said Borough to be in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; and that the datement delivered in by the said John Eliot and William Eliot dated the right of

election to be in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; and that the said Committee, after having heard the evidence adduced by the said several parties, in proof of the right of election lo dated to the said Committee as aforesaid, determined that the right of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was not in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot; and that the said Committee also determined, that the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; and the said Resolutions were accordingly reported by the said Select Committee to the House: And that, on the 20th day of December lad, a Petition was presented to the House by Samuel Mitchell, and the several other persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, dating the several matters and things hereinbefore dated i also that the Petitioners were advised, that the said Resolutions and determination of the said Select Committee on the said right of 'election, was contrary to Law; and therefore praying, that they might be admitted as parties to oppolib that right of election, which had been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Committee as aforesaid, and to support and establish the said right of election for which they contended before the said Select Committee, which was negatived by the said Select Committee, or such other right as should be confident with Law, and that such relief might be granted to them as the justice of the case might require: And that Joseph of Lijkeard aforesaid. Gentleman, on the said 20th day of December, presented a Petition to the House, therein Rating himself to be an Inhabitant of the said Borough of

Lijkeard, paying, or liable to pay, Scotland Lot there; also Rating to the effect of the several matters and things contained in the last mentioned Petition; and therefore praying the House would admit him as a party to oppose the right of election that had been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Select Committee as aforesaid, and grant him such other relief as to the House should seem meet; and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly contend, that the right of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Mayor and Burgesses of the fame Borough, according to the determination of the said Select Committee: And therefore praying the House, that they may be admitted parties to defend and support the right of election that has been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Select Committee as aforesaid, and to oppose the right of election for which the said other Petitioners contended before the said Select Committee, or any other right which may be attempted to be established by them, or any of them, and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioners as the justice of the case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 10th day of April next, at the lame time that the Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 20th day of December last, respecting the right of election for the said Borough of are

ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

•VoL. 59.

Martii. 133

Memorandum:

That notice of the said Petition, and of the time appointed for taking the fame into consideration, was inserted, by the order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette-, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Lijkeard, according to the directions of an Act, passed in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Pattefon be added to the Committee appointed to enquire into the state of Ireland, as to its circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lutice, 5° die Martii;

Anno 44* Georgii III. U Regis, 1804.' Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beaminster, in the County of Dorset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beaminster, in the County of jDorjet.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne do carry- the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 19th and 35th years of the Reign of His present' Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to in the County

Palatine of Lancaster,was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holt Leigh, Mr. Hodson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland cum Woodhouse Moor, in the Parish of Normanton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for paving the Footways and Cross-paths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other public passages and places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of was

read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving the Footways and Croft-paths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other public passages and places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Poyntz do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the 23d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetkerby to Knaresborough, in the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. John William Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied withj and that the Committee had examined the matter M m of

Member

added to Committee on Irish Currency*

Beaminster Inclosure Bill, passed.

Wigan and Preston Roads Bill, committed*

Normanton

Inclosure Bill,

committed.

St. Albans Paring Bill, passed.

Wethsrhy and Knaresborough Road bill, presented.

Upton Bridge Road Petition, reported.

134

5° Martll.

A. 1804*

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he’read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s-Table: Where the fame was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 25th year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton in the County of M orcester, to the Parish of , in the County of Gioucejier, and to the Parish of in the County of Hereford, and to the further fide of a place called 'The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of and through a place called Rto Malvern Chafe, in the County of Worcefterj and also, an Act, passed in the 19th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and altering the powers of the above-mentioned Act, and for amending the Road leading from the 'Crrfs, in the Parish of Hanley in the said County of

Worcester, to the River Severn, were read: And,

Nir. Samuel Veal being examined, iaid^ Thata considerable sum of money hath been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof amended and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.—And the Witness further said. That the Road leading from the Cross, or Market-place, in the said Town of Upton-upon-Severn, and several other pieces of Road mentioned in the Petition, are much out of repair, narrpw, and incommodious; and that it would be a convenience to the neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if powers were given for amending, improving, and keeping the said Roads in repair.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, paired in the 25th year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge,in the County of to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of , and other

Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn And that Mr. John William Ward and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields Tottington within the Hamlet of Tottington,in the Parish of - committed’ Jler,in the County of SvJJ'ex, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Viscount Andover, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and draining Lands in the Sawtry Parishes of Sahree, other wile Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Sawtry >Saint Andrew, in the County of passed.

tingdon, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of

o o t

Sc.ltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrezv,in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Golding do carry the Bill to the I.ords, a;.d delire their concurrence.

Mr. William Dimdas presented to the House, according to Renfrew, i-c Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating Roads Bili, several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in Prelented-the Counties ot Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; for repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Adams do make the Report Marine from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mutiny Bill, Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine rePorted-Forces while on shore, was committed.-

Mr. James Adams accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, cne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed " to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Brecon and Hay Roads Bill, presented.

Brecknock, Sec.Canal Bill committed.

Cambridge and Ely Road Bill, presented.

Road near Llyfwen, in the County of Brecon, and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downkam, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hose.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Mutiny Bill, of the ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- Pa(red' fertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Pwfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order resolved, itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further Scot‘-.h continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the tre ltors 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor rendering the payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Sir Charles Morgan presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Billrefpefhnj larging the.powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road reading of the B 11 to enforce the due observance of the from the Town of Brecon to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Canons and Kubrick, rein-cling the ages of Periuns to be orders in

admitted into the Stored Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland>

committed.

Mr.

trifle

fcving Bill, pk u ted*

Hinfeen's Nat. Bill, trpoited td passed*

hi insure Bill, puled.

Ash relating -fc the

F'renue of Inland, to kfu-ther i;nCder«d,

Duties

3H!,

Rented.

44 Geo. IIL

5°-^6°

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Rates, Duties and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks: And

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee. the fame was received; and read the first time.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Refo That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That Orde, That the said Bill be read a second time To-they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment morrow, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

the House will please to receive the same. Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, In fit Counter-

Ordered, That the Report be now received a Bill for granting to His Majestycertain increased Count r Dutie^Bill

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said vailing Duties on the impoitation, into Ireland, of the predated. Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re- being thegrowth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; fcort to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the exportation and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, Xo Great Britain oi the several articles therein mentioned, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice being the manufacture of Ireland: And the fame was reread; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to-by ceived; and read the first time, the House. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment* be in- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

grossed. morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow. The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Supply,

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deierred' Order, a Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. public passages and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the Refolthat this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways and County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to con-for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply * '

and Suburbs; and for ofherwile improving the said City: granted to His Majesty.

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mr James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Act for naturalizing Paul Hanfzen,was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, . r»0 »•

and found' the same to be true; and that the Committee D ate 9

had directed him to rejxjrt the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Anno 44® Geoi'gii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time. Pit avers.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. IV /TR. Howard presented to the House, according to Or- Croydon and

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to lVx der, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Canal, from the Canal, at or near the Town of presented.’

to the fame, without any Amendment. Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Arm, at or

near Arundel, in the County of and from the said

A Motion being made, That the mgrofled Bill for in- River to, and to communicate with, the Harbour of closing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary,in or near mouth, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was-the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, be received; and read the first time, now read the third time; Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His MajestyY command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, hav- Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac- Temple Bar, ing been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives' cording to Order, a Bill for raising an additional sum of &c. improve-, His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, money for carrying into execution several Acts for widen- ^refoi^d.’ that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ing the entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar;

Then the said Bill was read the third time. for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill-, and for

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, raising, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain sums An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, of money for those purposes; and* also for enlarging the in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of powers of the said Acts: And the fame was received; and Leicester. read the first time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do carry the Bill to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of His laid Majesty; and likewise several Acts, mads in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42J years of His said present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of the said Acts as relates to Salt and Malt.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Leave for Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Notices Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint i^ford8 Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, Was referred, Paving, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstanc.es mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Kent, and' also three times in TheMaidflone Journal in the present month of March and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mpntinneH in the said Petition.

Mr. Corry presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported horn, Ireland-, and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Vol. 59.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon leave for Friday last, was made from the Committee to whom the Notices Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary wooil-i'ch Woolwich, in the County of Kent, was referred, might be improv«ment, again read.

And

136 6° Martii. . 1804.

petition. of Fishermen of Faverfhara, fcc. against Fishing Company’s

Bin.

Report on

Scotch

Inland

Navigation

Petition,

re-committed.

Golding’s Name bill, committed.

Scotch Creditors Bill, paired.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Kent, and also three times in The Ma , in the present month of March and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Parish.

A Petition of several free Fishermen of the Fisheries of Faversham, Milton, Whit ft able, and in the County of Kent, being the Foremen and principal Officers representing the said Fisheries, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain persons, and their successors, by the name of The Marine Society Fishing Company, for increasing the supply of

Fish, for advancing the objects of the institution of The Marine Society, and for conducting and supporting the establishment of such Company; and letting forth. That the said Fisheries raise a very large proportion of Seamen, and that several hundred persons are altogether dependent thereon for the support of themselves and families; and that the Petitioners are apprehend ve, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it may materially prejudice the said Fisheries, and deprive the Petitioners, and those dependent on them, of the means of getting their living: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read asecond time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty the sum of £. 20,000. towards the expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame, was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding Graves, Clerk, and his first and other Sons, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, ule, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the will of George Golding, Esquire, deceased, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buller, Mr. James Graham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the thirty-third year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Atts relating refblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to nueoftreiaad. consider further of so much of several Acts, made in

the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the 39th and 40th year of His laid Majesty; and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft: and 42d years of His laid present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, as relates to Salt and Malt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. j

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Com- 1

tnittee ' 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to re- t

ccive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. c

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of

count of the existing Duties now payable on the several articles contained in the Resolutions reported on Saturday last, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House; specifying each article, and the several Acts under which the same are payable, and the amount payable under each Act.

exilling Duties iu Ireland, ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Irish ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland; and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

it

r:

0

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second InfhCounter-Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain UU 1 c

increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into committed. t. Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize [

therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manu-faftureof Great Britain-, and for allowing increased Draw- j

backs on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ire- - t

land; be now read. f

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House. " ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, rfcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t

the said Bill. '

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Read- Marine ing of the ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- Bl11, jetty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir George Cornewall presented to the House, according Brecon . to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and en- ’

large the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the p Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury,

13 and

b

1

t

t;

t:

pa

£idate

fctecr

I related*

is

JT Idered.

3?

%e Lords m agreed to

Grain

r.*nity

*JI.

G^rvhnd fclery Bill.

iJofDr.^ham »T? l)er»v

l&uls&iiL

irtnt Bridge load Bill.

Mien's ind Road

La.

‘I

London Deck Com-n-.y i Bill.

44 Geo. III. 6"—7"

137

and to Whitney Passage, in the County of so far as

relate to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of HerefordAnd the fame was. received;

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to coniolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, as Amended.

Resolved, Tint the said Bill, as amended, be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker'resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 7° die Martii;

Anno 44* Georgii lllt" Regis 1804. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the exportation of Seed Corn, to Portugal from Great Britain; without any amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports for the present season; without any Amendment And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years . of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the ’Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and fifth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the eighteen mile-stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 5^>.

for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the fortieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lord* naturalizing Daniel Boileau; to which the Lords desire the have p*ired concurrence of this House. ®oi,e*?js

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew. at' 1

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Shoreditch Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts there- ^nRoads inafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had petition, * examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the reported. House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as foltow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 26th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 12th and 29th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Stones End, near Shoreditch Church, to the centre of the Bridge in Old-street Road, and through Old-street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the Weft end of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswellstreet, and several other Roads, therein mentioned, were read :—And,

Mr. John Miles being examined, said, That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the powers of the said Acts are altered, amended, and enlarged, and the term thereof further continued.—

And the Witness added, That it would be to the benefit and accommodation of the Public, if certain parts of the said Roads were properly paved.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing Old-street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for repairing the Road leading from Worship-street to Crown-street, along the East fide of

Moorfields: And that Mr. Byng and Sir Francis Burdett do prepare, and bring in, the lau»e.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a CommTtteeon Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick telpefting admitted into the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders jr^a of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, Leicester according to Order, a Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General pre(ented.’ Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County: And the fame wa6 received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, Stafford and made in the 3d and 23d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as *he fame relate to the Road leading from committed, the Town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop-, and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain Hone which divides the Liberty of Rant on and Ellen-hall, in the Road between Bridgford and ,being

N n file

Ilchester

Election

determined*

Special Report from Ilchester Election Committee.

Ilchester

Writ.

The Lords have agreed to

Duke of York’s Eftnte Bill.

Report on

Whitehaven

JIarhour,

&c. Petition, re-committed.

138 7° Martii. 1804.

the first District of Roads in the said Act mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir l'ey, Lord Granville Levejon Gower,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Young, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of JohnManners, Esquire; and also,of the Petition of William

Webb, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of informed the

House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Charles Brooke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of And also, that the said Committee have determined, That Sir William Manners, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That John Manners, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That William Webb, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the last election for the said Borough, lb far as relates to the said Sir William Manners, is void:

And also, that, the said Committee have determined. That ithe laid Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, That the op of the said Sir William Manners to the said Petition of William Webb, Esquire, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir William Young also acquainted the House, That the said Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was readand is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, at the last election for the Borough of llchester. Sir William Manners, Baronet, hath, by himself and his Agents, committed acts of bribery, whereby he is incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon iueh election.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That at the last election for the said Borough, William Webb, Esquire, hath, by his Agents, committed acts of bribery.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elect-ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of llchester, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir William Manners, Baronet, whole election for the said Borough has been determined to be void.

A Meftage from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron

Macdonald zedMr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in fee simple of certain Manors, Mcfl'uages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of By fleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertjey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York anil Albany, for a valuable consideration without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trullees for the care of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon :■

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until three months after any restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in payment, shall ceale, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland; and also an Act, made in the forty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said Act; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain turns of money, decreed by the High Court ot Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Estates of George Montgomery, Esquire, a lunatic, in the Counties of Cavan and Fermanagh, in Ireland, by lale of the Inheritance of a competent part of the said Estates; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

Thr Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Biedermann; to which the Lords delire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more elfcftual and beneficial raising of certain sums of money, decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Estates of George Montgomery, Esquire, a lunatic, in the Counties of Cavan and -ttagh, in Ireland, by sale of the inheritance of a competent part of the said Estates, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus was read the first

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjltart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for permitting the importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums of money afiefled under the authority of the Commissioners appointed to collect the Duty proceeding from the Military Incomes of all Officers on the Half-pay, on the Staff, or belonging to His Majesty’s Army, in any Regiment of Cavalry, Artillery, Infantry, Royal Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions, or Corps of Engineers, or of the Militia, from the 5th day of April to the 5th day of October 1803, inclusive, so far as the said Assessments refer to, or concern the Subaltern Officers on Half-pay, or in any of the said Corps or Regiments;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion

The Lore ' have

Irish Bank 1

ReJtnet.oi i Bill.

Mutiny Bill

The Lords have pallet! Montgomery's

Estate Bill.

Rohrs Nat. Bill.

Bicdermrmn’i Nat. Bill.

Montgomery’s EftaH Bill read-

Rohrs Nut. Bill read.

Biedermann’* Nat. Rill read.

Bill for

Importation of Articles in Foreign Ships

prefer* ted.

Motion for

Accounts of Assessment on Military Incomes, (Neg.)

44 Geo. III.

7"—8° Martii.

139

Motion reipcoting the C'iV.nct of the Irish Government.

(Nrg.)

Bill to < oniolidate

Volunteer M\ s, deterred.

Report on A<^s reiatrnj to the Kevenue of Ireland.

A Motion was tnade, and the Question being put. That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire into the Conduct of the Government of Ireland, relative to the Insurrection of the 23d of July, and the previous Conduct of that Government, as far as it relates to the said Insurrection;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $Sir 3o/in lVrottePj

I cllers for the Y eas,£G enera,

self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to. His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

W.-iys and Means, deferred.

82.

Iiiliruclion.

Biit ordered,

de 1 cried.

Tellers for the Noes,} M'-Atlomqr Conenl, j

TMr. D ) '

So it palfed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Order, made yesterday, for the Jdoufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, to consider further of the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be difehareed.

* o

And the House having edntinued to tic Jtill Four of the clock. onThurlday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred . to consider further of lb much of several Acts, made in the Parliament cf Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the 39th and 40th year of His laid Majesty; and likewise several Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42d years of His said present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, as relates to Salt and Malt, the Refoiutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as foHoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings h ljh currency, be charged upon every bushel, containing fif.y-six pounds, cf white Salt, jnot being Bay Salt, imported into Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Dirty of Two Shillings, Irish currency, be charged upon every bufne!, containing fifty-six pounds, cf British white Salt, imported into Inland from Great Britain.

Resolved, 'That it f the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish currency, be charged upon every barrel of Malt which shall be made in Ireland, from the 24th day of March 1804 to the 25th day of March 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a countervailing Duty cf Seven Shillings and Seven Pence, Jri/b currency, be charged upon every barrel of Malt which shall be made in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland, from the 24th day of March 1804 to the 23th day of March 1805.

The said Refoiutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed 10 by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imparted into, and exported from, Ireland; and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu ot former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the two lirft of the said Rdolutions.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the subsequent Refoiutions of the said Committee: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry, and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve if-Vol. 59.

Jovis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

SIR John William Anderson presented to the House, ac-. Bow poor

cording to Order, a Bill for more equally and effec- Bil,> i tually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Presente Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire into Committee on the State of Ireland as to its circulating Paper, its Specie, CuIrrr‘^" to and current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of ntnotwith-the United Kingdom and Great Britain, have leave to fit notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

journment.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to scotch whom the Report was re-committed, which was made inland . from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Com- re!cmmUted missioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the Report, last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty the rePorted* sum of £.20,000 towards the expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by /«-verness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame, was referred j That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with, except that no Notices had been given on the Sessions House door for the County of through part of which, for a spaceof four miles and sixty-nine chains, the said Navigation is intended to pass, the whole length of the said Navigation being sixty miles and twenty-six chains; but that a Map or Plan of the said Navigation had been deposited for public inspection at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County before the 30th of September last, together with a Book of Reference, containing a list of the names of the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which, the Navigation is intended to be carried, none of which said Owners or Occupiers were dissenting to the said Navigation •, and that the said Committee further found, that although ft was proposed to raise eventually, by subserip-tion, some part of the money for making the said Navigation, it did not appear that any money had yet been subscribed for making the same; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered in it at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was* read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Jeffop, an Engineer, being examined, said.

That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the execution thereof, and several Works have been undertaken under their direction accordingly, and a proper line for the said Navigation has been fixed upon, and Plans thereof have been prepared, together with an Estimate of the expence of executing the fame.

Mr. Thomas ’Telford, also an Engineer, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- so, (lances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted Notice, that Notice may be given of the said application by affixing such Notice for seven days on the door of the Sessions House of the County of Arg

Ordered,

Bill ordered*

Committee on Bill to report respecting Notices

Leave of Absence.

Malton and Pickering Road -Petition, reported.

ShifTnal and Bridgnorth Road Bill, presented.

Cleobury Mortimer Roads Bill, presented.

Gloucester and Oxford Roads Bill, presented#

Sutton

Inck.lure Bill presented.

140

8° Martu. . 1804.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving further powers for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William,in Scotland: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Hawkins Sir William

and Lord VII'count Dunlo, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the first place, how far the Order for giving the said Notice, has been complied with; and do report the same to the House, on the Report of the Ciid Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Koine have leave to go the Northern Circuit.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execution certain Acts, made in the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the North end of Old Mahon Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of (he said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Paid Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Ewbank being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls, which remains due, with an arrear of interest, and the fame cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good repair, unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and feme further powers granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Mahon Gate, in the Town and Borough of Neiv Mahon, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of YorkAnd that Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitmore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Weft fide of the Bridge in to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr, Whitmore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury , The C>ofs Houses,

Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Hill, in the

Counties of Salop and Wore ester:And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Admiral Berkeley presented to. the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 27th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the top of Bur ford Lane, in the County of to Stow on the

Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Haul and Post in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester: And the lame was received i and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Admiral Berkeley presented to the House, according to - Order, a Bill for incloung Lands in the Parish of Sutton,

in the County of Gloucester:And the fame was received v and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating certain perfens, Davnppclrt-and their successors, by the name of The Marine Society Fishing Company, for increasing the supply of Fish, for ad- rf

vancing the objects of the Institution of The Marine Society, and for conducting and supporting the establish- * ment of such Company, be read a second time upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 27th day of this instaot March.

A Petition of the Superintendent Magistrate and Divi- Feurioitfe1 fional Justices of the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That certain Duties were iVutVn* granted by Parliament to be applied, under the direction of the Petitioners, in more effectually preferring the peace within the said City and District thereof, and establilliing a parochial Watch therein; and that unless the same are further continued, the Petitioners will be unable to support an adequate Establishment for those purposes; and that it was not until the time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills had expired, that the Petitioners understood it was thought most proper that the Duties before-mentioned should not be included in the Schedules for consolidating and continuing the Duties and Taxes composing the public Revenue of Ireland: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That in consideration of the particular circum- Leave stances let forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Superintendent Magistrate and Fetitiec. Divisional Justices of the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Duties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the -matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carry, Mr. Fa/kiuer, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. r.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bin tire Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of persons to be admitted into the imooufei. Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made (1

to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to J

the House; and he- read the Report in his place, and 4

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Meffiige from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. ti* Lor* Simeon: liavc.^wi*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act Marine for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces Mutiny B2, while on shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March Cre'"lton 1 one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in L

the thirty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, It

for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and

expeditious in Scotland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill for. reading of the Bill for permitting the Importation of Hide?,

Calve Skins, 1loins, Tallow, and Wool (except CottonWool) Foreign sty

1

j

V ifh Malt \\tj Bill, relented*

3opy of )rders in 'ouncil cfpecting fcutral Snips, >r; lented.

' A as respect-in^ Neutral Ships, to be] considered.

Irish Duties Bill, deferred.

Irish Conn* tervailing Datiet Bill, I deferred*

Brecon and

Hay Roads Bill, committed*

44 Geo. III. 8°—9"

in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in Britishor Irish Ships, be now read.

An! the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tl'.e whole House.

Resolved That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804: And the fame was received;

and read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Iecond time Tommorrow.

Mr. Bond presented to the House, by His Majesty’s

command,

A Copy of Orders in Council permitting certain Goods imported from America, in Neutral Ships, to be admitted to entry.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

v*

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His said Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the said Act.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland; and ailofor granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 9° die;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayer s.

A BILL for continuing the term, and altering and

enlarging the powers of an Act, pafild for repairing the Itoad from the Town of Brecon to the and Hay

Turnpike Road near Llyfzuen, in the County of Brecon, and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Common, in ttie said Count}1, was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles A/.. pan, Sir George Ccrnnva/l,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo L. 59.

Martii. _ 141

A Message by Mr. Qvarme, YeomJn Usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commissiott afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read,giving,declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of their Royal High-

nesses the Duke of Fork, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of , the Lord

Archbishop of Canterbury,the Lord High Chancellor, and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hawkesbury, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills arc as followeth} viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act tocontinue, until three months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in payment shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland. in the thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Rcflridtions on payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland; and also an Act, made in the forty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said Act:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fce-simple of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Wal-

ton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of , to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable consideration:

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain:

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full number of men at certain Ports, for the present season:

An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland:

An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the fortieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London:

An Act for keeping in repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunflan's Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Sea-fideat , in the County of Kent:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and en-: larging the powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Port upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rc-

Oo pairing

*1 Afient tills.

Cambridge and Ely Road Bill) committed#

Proocedingsof

Session referred to Committee on Cotton Manufacture.

Instruction.

Shakspeare Gallery Bill* reported.

Petition

rtlj>ecting

Dublin

Police,

reported*

9" Marl'u. A. 1804.

• pairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of

• the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of

Leicester:

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers ofttwo Acts, passed in the second and fifth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from MullensBond, in the County of Southampton, to the

Eighteen Mile-stone from the City of and several

other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Little Hucklow, in t he -County of Derby:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Hanfzen.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Litt/eport, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in in the several

Counties of Cambridge and Norf, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amendine, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Secretary Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several proceedings of this House, or of any Committee thereof, in the last Session of Parliament relating to the Cotton Manufacture, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the raoft speedy and effectual mode of adjusting such differences as may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,-That they doalfo consider of proper measures to be taken for preventing such differences; and also, that they do report the several matters referred to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable 'John Boydell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Boydell,

his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Gallery, by way of chance, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ormjhy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Superintendant Magistrate and Divisional Justices of the City of Dublin, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Hopenf all, Esquire, being examined, laid. That certain Duties were granted by the Parliament of Ireland, to be applied under the direction of the Petitioners, in more effectually preserving the peace within the said City and District thereof, and establishing a parochial Watch therein; and that unless the same are further continued, the Petitioners will be unable to support an adequate establish-nient for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better defraying the charges of preserving the peace within die City of Dublin, and the Di ft riel thereof, and eftaUlish-t

ing a parochial Watch therein: And that Mr. Mr.

Carry, Mr. John Lalouche, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Malton and to Order, a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, presented, for amending the Road from the North end ot Old Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the WetherSjr 23d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from Wetherby to Knarefhorou in the County Ka.nl rill, of York, was read a second time. commuted,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, to Bunk of whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Scotland Bank of Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the year 1695, intituled, "An Act for eroding a Bank in Scotland," and several other Acts, passed in the 14th, 24th, 3ad, and 34th years of His present Majesty, for increasing the Capital Stock of the said Company, were read: And,

James Mansfield, Esquire (one of the Dircdors of the Bank of Scotland) being examined, said. That the said Bank of Scotland being of great National advantage, a further increase of the Capital Stock will tend Hill more considerably to the advancement of commerce, agriculture, and manufactures, and be otherwise highly benelicial to the Public And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That he concurred with the above statement with respect to the advantage which would result to the Public from the proposed increase of the Capital of the Bank of Scotland.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland: And that Sir William Pulteney and Mr. William Duadas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to wh'italia»*B whom the Report was re-committed, which was made ^ar^"Wtte(j from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Report Trustees for the care of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the reported. County of Cumberland, and also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee,

That the Town of Whitehaven consists of near 2,000 houses, and contains about 9,000 Inhabitants, and thut^ the Streets therein have hitherto been paved, clcanfcd, and lighted, in a very inadequate and insufficient manner; and that it was not determined until January last to apply to Parliament for proper powers for lighting, paving, and cleansing the said Town, and for repealing several Acts relating to the said Harbour, and conloiidating the lame into one Ad; and unless an Act can be obtained this Session, for the purposes aforesaid, it will be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons retorting to, or parting through the tame; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fohovv-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several 11 Acts

Carlisle Paving Bill, committed.

Afliborne and Leek Roads Billy Trported.

O-der for Sutton and Newport Roads Bill discharged, and another Bill ordered.

1

44 Geo. III. S° Maria. . - '143

A61 s, paUlcl for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, were read: And,

Mr. George Robiffon, being examined, said. That progress has been from time to time made in performing the several works authorized by the said Acts to be done, and that the Trustees apprehend it would tend to the more easy and complete execution thereof, if all the said Acts were repealed, and the powers thereof, wich such other powers and provisions as may be requisite, were comprized in one Act.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That disputes and differences frequently arise between the Mafteis and Commanders of Vctt'els trading to and from the said Harbour, and the crews of such Vessels, and also between such Matters and Commanders, the Merchants, Traders, and other persons within the said Town, and the labourers, carmen, and other persons by them respectively employed, touching their hire or wages; and that it is expedient that provision should be made for enabling the Trustees of the said Harbour Ipcedily and finally to settle such disputes and differences.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public pafl'ages and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Graham, Sir Michael Le Fleming., &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and 22d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from , in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true •, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th day of February last, " That leave be given to " bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing the " Road leading from the North fide of Cotes , in the " County of Stafford, to the Buck's Head, at Watling Street, " in the County of Salop," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Report which, upon the 27th day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Truflecs for executing two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall,through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike

Road near Nezvport, in the County of Salop, and several

other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was referred, might be read again.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the’ Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Nezvport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And that Mr. Andrews, Mr. Whitmore, and Sir John Wroltejley,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the da/ for the third reading of the ingrofi'ed Bill to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Dr. Duigenan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from Ireland; and also for granting certain inland Duties of Excite and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion wac made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said' Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that th^y may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will Tommorrow, resolve itfqlf into a Committee of the whole House, to Confidex further of the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re.-solve itself into the said Committee

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) io Foreign ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or lrish Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tp-morrow.

The

Bill

relocating Persons admitted into Orders in Irdandj passed.

Irish Duties Bill, deferred.

Committee o* Bill to consolidate Volunteer Aits.

Supply,

deterred*

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Committee on Bill for

Importation of Atticles in Foreign Ships.

lrish Malt Duty Bill, deferred.

Commit tc« on Act respecting Neutral Ships*

Crders in

Council

referred*

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Irish Countervailing Duties Bill, deferred.

Preton Writ.

Bill for Importation of Articles in Foreign Ships, reported.

144

9'—10° Martii. A. 1804.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re* lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 4id year of His present Majesty * for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His said Majesty, relating to the adiniflion of certain articles of merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that pur-po(e, and for malting other provi lions in lieu thereof;

Ordered, That the copy of Orders in Council, permitting certain Goods imported from America, in Neutral Ships, to be admitted to entry, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, continue, and amend the said Act, and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution. Orders of Council for permitting the importation of certain Goods from in Neutral

Ships.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to revive, continue, and amend the said Act j and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution. Orders of Council for permitting the importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships: And that Mr., Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas -Jittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain increased Countervailing Duties on the importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the exportation to Great Britain, of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbatiy 10°

Anno 44® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Preston,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of John Horrocks, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the Importation of Hides, Calve-skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in or

Irish ships, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Dublin Polite to Order, a Bill for the better defraying the charges of preserving the peace within the City of Dublin, and the

District thereof, and establishing a parochial Watch therein:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve irish Duties itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, and also, for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to irish Coun-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain increased deferred.1 * Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the second irish Malt reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty Duty

?, , ,. * committed.

upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time..

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uoon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the committee on whole House, to consider further of the Bill to consolidate Bill ,to and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating volunteer* to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make Act*, further Regulations relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. 6 Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to i

report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some further \

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; 1

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed, as Again re- ! amended. committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Ten of the clock.

44 Geo. III.

12° Ma

145

Lunce, 12° die Martii;

Anno 44° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

SIR William Pn/teney presented to the House, according


Jank of _

icotiand Bill, *3 to Order, a Bill for further increasing the Capital Stock trcientc 0£ Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland i And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Temple Bar, A Bill for railing an additional sum of money for tarry-*nto execution several Acts for widening the Entrance

mprovement f q

'emple Bar; for making a more omniittsd. commodious Street at Sn and for railing, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain lums of money for those purposes; and also for enlarging the powers of the i hud Acts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

! Ham Anderson, Sir William f cc.:And they are to

; meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Rukfpeare An ingrossed Bill to enable John Boy dell, Esquire, one Ejfcd7 Bill’ of the Aldermen of the City of and JoJiah Boy dell,

[ e * his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of I Paintings/ Drawings, and Engravings, together with their

Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of chance, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, i An Act to enable John Esquire, one of the Aiders

men of the City of London, and JoJiah Boydell, his Nephew j and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings,

1 Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold

Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakjpeare by

way of chance.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill tb the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ItMicy, &c. A Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands D amage Bill, an(j Low Grounds within the Parishes of and Buiy,

comnuttea. County Gf Huntingdon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Lord Viscount Hinchhtgbrook, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Boilrrri's Kat Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Balkan, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comp >tted to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hohre Nat. Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for aturalizing Charles William Rohrs, was read a second Iw ’ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, ecc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

BWeirnann’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for committed naturalizing Henry Augustus Biedermann, was read a second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sutton and Mr. Whitmore presented to the House, according to

RoTJcBH! Order, a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the

preicnted. Road leading from a certain {tone which divides the Liberties of Rantcn and Elienha in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport,in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rjolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mor),nr,r A Billfor continuing the term, and altering and enlarging

Soadrifiil, the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and 23d years of

committed. His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Glazeley, and the

VOL. 59.

Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Wor refer, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitmore,

Mr. Hawkins Browne, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better amending and repairing of the shiffnal and Road leading from the Weft fide of the Bridge in Shiffnal £ri^;T"ol,jh to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was read a second committed, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitmore,

Mr. Hill,he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in

the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and, enlarge the Brecon, powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from Roads Bill, the Town of Brecon to the Parish of and to Whitney con^mU

Passage, in the County of Hereford, lo far as relate to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Corhezvall, Mr. Matthews, he.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill ifor empowering the justices of the Peace, for the Leicester County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the committed, laid County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh Keck,

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are 10 meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Paxton presented to the House, according to Swanfe?.Canal Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable itvBlll> Canal, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of preente Swansea, into the Parish of Oyfermouth,in the County of Glamorgan: And the fame was received; and read the first: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rfead a second time.

Sir William Paxton presented to the House, according Swansea to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of Harbour Bill, two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of in p

the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same: And the lame was received and read the first; time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of John Wilson, of the Town of Aylejbv.ry, in petition of the County of Buckingham, Whitesmith, now a Prisoner in John Wilson His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, was presented to the House, ^barged, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is fully sensible of the enormity of the offence which has brought upon him the just displeasure of the House, and, with the deepest contrition and sorrow he acknowledges the fame; but hopes he may, at the same time, be allowed to say, that it was in a great degree occasioned by the confusion and embarrass-ment which he felt in being called upon to appear before the Committee; and that the Petitioner has a wife and family wholly dependent upon himself and his labour for support and maintenance, and has several workmen now unable to prosecute their employ, not having his assistance and direction: And therefore praying, That he may be discharged from the imprisonment under which he is now suffering.

Ordered, That the said John Wilson be brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday next, in orejer to his being discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants, accordingly.

A Petition of several Persons having Right of Common Petition on a certain tract of Waite or Common, called Tiptree Heath, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, incloi'weBill, and read; taking notice of the Bill for confirming and ella-blishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Waste Lands, called Tiptree Heath, within the Manors of Great Tutham and Geperacks, in the Parish of Tot ham in the County of Essex; and setting forth, That an inclosure of the part of that laid Waste or Common, which lies in

P p the


Iken

InclosureBillj

presented.

Portnne and

Donahue IiuJofure Bill, reported.

Ashbome and D ek R ids B:iJ, passed.

146

12" Martii. A. 1804.

the Pari Hi of Great Totiam, would be an infringement of

their Rights, and prejudicial to their Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, agent?, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the said Committee.

Mr. ‘trail presented to the House, according to Order,

’ a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Iken, in the County of Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, to tvhom the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of ’ Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dublin, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers of two A<5ls, made in the 2d and a 2d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting certain persons from the payment of Toll.

And the said Clause was brought up j and twice read, with a blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said blank with a pecuniary penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had' gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendment was twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the third time j and, upon

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the second and twen* ty-second years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and' from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufiton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Lord George Augnjhts Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Leayefor Friday last, was made from the Committee to whom the ^c"gre‘ Report was re-committed, which was made from the Com- Whitehaven mittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for the Har*,0*ir' care of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given, at the next Rafter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Cumberland, and also three times in some one newspaper, published in the said County in the present month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for ,the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The Louts Stratford: have a£r"l*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saint Alban’s for paving the Footways and Crols-paths, and for cleans- BllL ing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other public passages and places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act,

for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the uc 0 1

County of Dorset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Commissioners of the Burnt Fen Petition First Distrnft, was presented to the House, and read; tak- (^"bridge ing notice of the Bill to continue the term, and alter and Ely and enlarge the powers of several Aifts, passed lor repairing Road BiB* the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Little-port, and from Littleport to Chcrquer Corner in Downham, in

the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned j and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads; and letting forth. That the fame contains divers powers and provisions which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to large tracts of Land, which are to be drained under the authority of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That-they may be heard, by themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, against such parts of the Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for ing of the ingrossed Bill for permitting the Importation of Importation Hides, Calve Skins, Horns. Tallowr, and Wool (except foreign Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like ship*, paiiei. Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act for permitting, until the fifth day of May one

thouliuid

British* Mu re ism Petition.

Account of Sums granted to British Museum, ordered.

Supply,

deferred.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Committee on Irish Duties Bill

44 Geo. III. 12° Martii. 14T

thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That in the 2d year of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the sum allowed them for the establishment and support of the said Museum was reduced to a capital of £.30,000. Reduced Bank Annuities, the dividend of which, amounting to £.900. was, notwithstanding their utmo'ft attention to the forming their establishment with frugality, greatly infus-ficient for that purpose,' upon which re pre fen tat ion they have at sundry times obtained from the House various sums to supply the deficiency of their income; which sums, together with the salary allotted to the King’s Librarian, yearly amounting to about £.250. have proved infuificient to defray the necessary expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the purposes of the trust, without the aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant them such farther support towards enabling them to carry on the execution of the trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general benefit of learning and -useful knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums that have been already granted for the service of The British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Uefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

•The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excite and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they Hull think fit.

V01. 59.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.'

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progrels in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tormorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to consolidafe and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Y eomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some further Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command.

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th day of July 1786, and the Charge of the lame in the year ending the 5th day of January 1804, with the Increase and Decrease thereof, as near as the lame can at present be ascertained: And also,

An Account of the Payments which had been made on 5 th January 1804, in discharge of the Debt of the Civil List on the 5th January 1802, shewing the Excess or Diminution of the Charges paid, as compared with the Estimate of the Debt laid before Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, on the 5th day of January 1804, as near as the fame can at present be-ascertained.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation, into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve 'itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the deck.

t

Committee on Bill to confo-lidate Volun» teer Acts.

Reported.

Accounts relating to the Civil List, presented.

Irish Countervailing Duties Bill, deterred.

Irish Malt Duty bill, deterred*

Biedermann’s Nat. Bill, reported, aitd polled.

Golding’s Name Bill, reported, and paired.

Rohrs Nat. Bill reported, and pofled.

Boileau's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed,

The Lords have passed

Earl of Arran’s Estate Bill.

148 13° Ma . 1804.

Mart is, 13* die Martii;

Anno 44° Georgii III"' Regis, 1804. Prayers.

SIR John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus mann, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding , Clerk,

and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the will of George , Esquire, deceased,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time. liefolved. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from die Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boileau, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley,in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, apd Donegal!,which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually railing a sufficient sum of " money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances " aflefting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, <$ Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the Right " honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the

" Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called " Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the payment of the

Debts now due by them respectively, and for other pur-" poses;" to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. 7'ownfhendpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of over Worthy

Cow down, to Newtown River-, and also, the lioad from Wor thy Cowdown aforesaid to the Turnpike lioad at Andover, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of Nottingham:And the fame was received; and

read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 27th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of , to

The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of Turk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, , and Donegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually railing a sufficient sum " of money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances " affecting certain Lands in the Counties of -" ford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the " Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and " the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called " Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the payment of the Debts " now due by them respectively, and for other purposes," was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathi.ng of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1804:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary Torke,&c.: And they are to meet. Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the

Militia

Winchester and Andover Roads Bill, presented.

Gotham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Sutton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Gloucester and Oxford Roads Bill, committed.

Milton and Pickering Road Bill, committed.

Earl of Arran’s Eilat; Bill, read.

Committee

aopoinred to orepaie

IViiiirU

E it unite.

Committee appointed to . prepare Irish. . Militia E&raite.

Dublin City Writ.

Petition from Norfolk respecting the Duties on Malt.

Accounts of Distributors of Stamps, patented.

Committee

appointed

to prepare

Estimate

rdpecting

Adjutants,

kc. of

Militia.

Neutral Ships Bill, pre fented.

Report

Expiring

laws.

44 Geo. III. 13 ° Martii. 149

Militia of Ireland, and of the expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of peace, for the year 1804:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary Torke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Dublin, in the room of John Claudius Beresford, Esquire, who, lince his election for the said City, hath accepted the office of Escheator of Uljler.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Norfolk, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Landed Interest of the said County sustains great injury in consequence of the present heavy Duties on Malt; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th January 1804, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th January 1801, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguilliing the names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof: And all'o.

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain on the ioth day of October 1863 and the 5th day of January 1804, rel'pec-tively; distinguishing the names of the Distributors, and for what Counties; and the amount of their respective disbursements for Incidents, Poundage, Parliamentary Allowances or Discounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Mr. Secretary Yorke, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His said Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying Into execution, Orders of Council, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be re^d a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex-Voj.. 59.

piring, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a fur: ther Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing Plantation

Sugar to be warehoused, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts until the 25th day of March 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds uled for extracting Oil, which has been amended and continued by several subsequent Acts until the 24th day of June 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign salt, free of Duty, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts until the 24th day of June 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts until the 25th day of March 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 33d year of His laid Majesty, as permits Sir William , George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; which Act was to continue in force for five years, from the 5th day of July 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the admission to entry of Oil, or Blubber, of Fish or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty’s European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions, on payment of the Duty by the said Act imposed on Train Oil or Blubber of Newfoundland, of British Fishing, which was to continue in force until the 25th day of December 1804, is near ex-, piring, and fit to be continued.

jRe,/o/im/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for the further support and encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's,

which was to be in force for five years, from the 25th day of December 1786; and also so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His said Majesty, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which were, by several subsequent Acts, amended and further continued until the 25th day of December 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, except so much thereof as relates to allowing Vefl'ds employed in the said Fisheries to complete the number of men at certain Ports.

The said Resolutions being severally read second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Q q the

Committee Irish Malt Duty Bill.

150 13°—14 ° M . 1804.

the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the Cud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire appointed whether any, and what difference ought to be allowed in the Duty^on the rate of Duty payable on Malt made from Barley of the Malt made growth of England, and from Bailey and Bigg of the

from Barley. growtjj Df Scotland; and to report the fame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir William Lemon, Mr.

Mr. Charles Grant, Mr. Plumer, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, the Marquis of Douglas, Mr. Fergufon, Sir William Curtis, Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Giles, Mr. Pattefon, Sir Robert Mr. Alderman

Combe: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, it Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That seven be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

InBil?Utie* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland; and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Report Ways and Means.

Exchequer Bills.

Bill ordered.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyttne, Mr. Bond, Mr. dr'tck, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole lrifl» Coun- House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Bill, increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into 'Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several

articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of

Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Martii;

Anno 44# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom Petition the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble chimney* Petition of the several other Persons, whole names are Sweepers, thereunto subscribed, Housekeepers and Reliants in the rtPorted* Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the adjacent Liberties and Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and was referred;

That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 28th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices, was read: And,

William Tooke, Esquire, being examined, said. That the said Act hath been found defective and infuliicient; and it is expedient that the powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other provisions established, with a view to reduce the number and better the condition of Apprentices; and also for the pur* pose of railing a Fund to defray the charges of assisting and inllructing them during their lervitude, and of providing for them after their Apprenticeships shall expire.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more effectual provisions for that purpose: And that Mr. Cartwright and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir David Carnegie presented to the House, according Montrofeand to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of primed! His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lord Viscount Marsham,from the Select Committee Report from

appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Middlesex Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for committee, the County of Middlesex, informed the House, That the respecting said Committee met this Morning, pursuant to their ad- wtight! journment of yesterday, when the Chairman acquainted the Committee, that he had received a letter from John Atkyns Wright, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Committee, stating that he was so ill as not to be able to attend the Committee this Morning; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Sir James Earle, a Surgeon, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the state of Mr. s

health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wright be excused for his

not

v

44 Gjeo. III. 14° Martii. 151

'not attending this day, and have leave to absent hirafelf from any further attendance on the said Committee.

kcount of The House being informed that Mr. from the

f Grajiu? Treasury, attended at, the door; he was called in; and, at

wfented! the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions

of an Act of Parliament,

1 An Account shewing how the monies given for the

service of the year 1803 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several heads; so far as relates to Great Britain.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House-Jfftndix. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

{No. 26.) volume.

1

Thetford Sir Jacob Henry AJUey presented to the House, according

rented*1*1, *° ®r<^er* a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thet-i,r* * ford Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and ’Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

reported. That you, upon your examination as a Witness, were guilty of gross and, wilful prevarication.

In the corrupt and scandalous scenes which disgraced that election, it appears that you have borne a considerable part; by you the electors were invited to- bring about a plan for general bribery; by your means that plan was matured and executed; and the freedom of election, and the privileges of this House, have been violated for a time with success and impunity.

But such triumphs never have been, or can be, of long continuance. The confusion and embarrassment of a guilty conscience bave,in your subsequent conduct,plunged you into further guilt; and you have been the first to suffer by the consequences of those criminal, practices in which you were the foremost to involve others.

Upon the Report from the Committee, that you had prevaricated in giving your evidence, the House thought fit to mark its heavy displeasure by imprisoning you in the Common Gaol of Newgate, and stigmatizing you, as an example to deter others; but it now deems its justice to be satisfied so far as relates to that offence, the rest of your misconduct being reserved for future consideration: And the House having ordered that you be now discharged out of custody, you are discharged accordingly, paying your fees.

Petition*

jgaioft

Croydon and PortiVnouth Canal Bill.

Mill Owners, tcc.

Land Owners.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Mills and Manufactories on the Rivers Wandle, Ewell, Mole, and RavenJborne, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Croydon Canal, at or near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the River Arun, at or near Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and from the said River to, and to communicate with, the Harbour of ,in the County of Southampton; and setting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be extremely prejudicial and ruinous to the several persons having property, and occupying Mills and Manufactories on the above Rivers: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill j and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses in the vicinity of the proposed Canal from Croydon to Portsmouth,was also presented to the House, and

read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the said intended Canal, with its Reservoirs, will consume above 2,000 acres of land, and that much valuable property belonging to the Petitioners will be destroyed, or very materially injured, in the trial of such project, even G ugh it should be afterwards abandoned, and which, if eventually executed, will be attended with the most serious consequences to the property of Individuals, without offering any public advantages to compenfete the mischiefs it will :nevitably occasion; and that the project is undertaken qn a> very inadequate subscription of persons, a very few indeed of whom are at all connected with the Counties through which the Canal is intended to pass: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time j and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

Day appointed for Second Reading. mOHOW.

John Wilson reprimanded and discharged.

John Wilson was, according to Order, brought to the Bar, where he received a reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

John Wilson,

A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the last Aylesbury Election, have

Vol. 59.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now feid by Mr* Speaker, in reprimanding the said John Wilson, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do make the Report from the irish Dutie* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill» reported, granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from Ireland j and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates,

Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, was committed.

Mr. Corry accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do make the Report from the Into Coua-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Dutiesiull, granting to His Majesty certain increased Countervailing reported. ’ Duties on the Importation, into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland, was committed.

Mr. Corry accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Corry do make the Report from the Into Malt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt, made in Ireland, for the year 1804, was committed.

Mr. Corry accordingly reported from the said Com-3 mittee;

1

Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

Neutral Ships Bill, committed.

Committee on

Expiring

Laws.

Bill to amend Militia Families A&, ordered.

Account of Con soli dated Fund ordered.

152 14° Ma , A, 1804.

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a feccnd time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Two Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1804: And the fame was received; and read the (irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That there be laid before this House, copies of all Pro- the

clamations issued by His Majesty’s Governor of the Kland Candian wlr, of Ceylon, relating to the War lately carried on, or now carry- withdrawn, ing on, between His Majesty’s Forces and the Candian Na-tion, in that Kland. j

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, with- j

drawn. I

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc- j

tions, that there be laid before this House, copies, or Hostiiitiefin extracts, of such Letters and Papers as have been received Ceylon, from the Honourable Frederick North, Governor of His Majesty’s Possessions in the Kland of Ceylon, relative to the causes and circumstances which gave rile to the hostilities which have taken place between His Majesty’s Government in that country, and that of the King of

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second' reading of the Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the 4.26 year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His said Majesty, relating to the admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution. Orders of Council, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second tifne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions which were, yesterday, reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Yorke, Mr. Corry, and Lord Viscount Castlereag do prepare, and bring the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, between the 5th day of January 1803 and the 5th day of January ^804; distinguishing each quarter.

Tellers for the Yeas,^| Tellers for the Noes,^j

47-

70.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Questior.s That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, prev^.u*Meg. that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that ce^i'Jn/0 there be laid before this House, copies of all Letters, Dif-patche , or Correspondence, from I lis Majesty’s Governor of Ceylon, to any British Oilicers serving in the Candian War in Ceylon, and from such Officers to His Majesty’s Governor of Ceylon;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

'Mr. Creevey,

Mr. John/}one: 3

'General Maitland, 7

Mr. Wallace: j

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, copies of all Treaties that have been entered into between His Majesty’s Government of Ceylon and the Candian Government; together with copies of all Letters and Dispatchcs from His Majesty’s Governor of Ceylon, to any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, and of Instructions from any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State to His Majesty’s Governor of Ceylon, relating to the war in Ceylon;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That an humble Address be presented to "lis Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give distidions, that there be laid before this House, the last Returns that were received by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State of His Majesty’s Forces in the Island of Ceylon, immediately previous to the ill of January 1803; together with all such subsequent Returns as have been lince received;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Meflugc from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raffing a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more com-" modious, and for better regulating the Port of London j" and another Act, passed in the 42d year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first-mentioned Act; with Come Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal

The Lords have agreed to

West India Dock Company's Bill* with Amendments.

more

Rochdale Canal Bill* with Amendments.

Motion for Paper9

re 1 petting the MnrhattaWar, withdrawn.

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Wigan and Prefton Roads Bill, reported.

Weft Burton

Inclosure Bill presented.

Stafford and Sandon Roads Bill, reported.

44 <Geo. III.

more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Queliion was proposed. That there be laid before this House, copies-or extracts of all Dispatches received from the Governor General oi Bengal, or from the Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, including their Correspondence with their Ministers or Envoys, as far as such Dispatches relate to, or account for Hostilities now or lately subsisting between the said Governments and any of the M Princes or States, with the dates of the receipt of such Dispatches respectively.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve idelf into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply grated to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of YV'ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 15° die Martii;

Anno 44° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

MR. Holt Leigh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 19th and 35 th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from IVigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of West Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John Wrottefiey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, made in the 3d a^id 23d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through ford and Eccleshall,to a place called Ireland's Qofs, near

IV0ore, in the County of Salop; and from aforesaid, to a certain tlone which divides the Liberty of Ranten and Ellenhail,in the Road between Bridgford and Newport,

being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vol. 59.

153

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Sill, with the Amendments, be in- , grofled.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Amendment* An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into Dockeim-1* execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of pany’< Bill, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering aSreedto>

" more commodious, and for better regulating the Port " of London"and another Act, passed in the 4id year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the filft-mentioned Act.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12.1. ult. After " whatsoever" insert Clauses (A.)

(B.)and(C.)

Clause (A*) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case the person or persons to whom " any sum or sums of Money shall be " awarded for the purchase of any " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, to be purchased by virtue of " the said Acts or this Act, shall re-" fuse to accept the fame, or shall not " be able to make a good title to the " premises, to the satisfaction of the " said Directors, or any five or more " of them; or in case such person or " persons, to whom such sum or lums " of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the " person or persons entitled to such * Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, be not known or discovered,

" then and in every such case it shall " be lawful for the said Directors, or " any five or more of them, to order " the said sum or sums of Money, so " awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into " the Bank of in the name

" and with the privity of the Account-" ant General of the Court of Chan-* eery, to be placed to his account * to the credit of the parties interested " in the said Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments [describing them]

" subject to the order, controul, and disposition of the said Court of " Chancery, which laid Court, on the " application of any person or persons " making claim to such sum or sums " of Money, or any part thereof, by " Motion or Petition, shall be and is " hereby empowered, in a summary " way of proceeding, or otherwise, as " to the fame Court shall leem meet,

" to order the same to be laid out and " invelled in the Public Funds, and " to order distribution thereof, or pay-" merit of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eltateor " Estates, Title, or interest, of the per-" Ion or persons making claim there-" unto, and to make such other Order " in the premises as to the said Court " shall seem just and reasonable; and " the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bankof " England, who shall receive such lum " or turns of Money, is and are hereby " required to give a receipt or receipts " for such sum or sums of Money,

" mentioning and specifying for what " and for whose use the fame is or are " received, to such person or persons " as shall pay any l’uch sum or sums of " Money into the Bank as aforesaid."

R r Claus*

14°—15°

154

15" Mar til.

A. 1804.

Claus?. (B.) " Provided always, and be it fu ther " Enacted, That where any question " lTiall anse touching the title of any " pierson to any Money to be paid into " the Bank of England, in the name " and with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of " Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, " for the purchase of any Lands, Te-" ncments, or Hereditaments, or any " Estate, Righr, or Interest in any " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ment% to be purchased in pursuance " of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any " such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, " the person or persons who shall have " been in possession of such Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, at " the time of such purchase, and all " persons claiming under such person " or persons, shall be deemed and " taken to have been lawfully entitled " to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such pof-" session, until the contrary shall be " shewn, to the satisfaction of the said " Court} and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to " be purchased with such Money, and " also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and " disposed of accordingly, unlel's it shall " be made appear to the said Court " that such possession was a wrongful " possession, and that some other per-" Ion or persons was or were lawfully " entitled to such Lands, Tenements, " or Hereditaments, or to some Estate " or Interest: therein."

Clause (C.) " Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That where by reason of " any disability or incapacity of the " person or persons, or Corporation, " entitled to any Houses, Buildings, " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, to be purchased under the " authority of this Act, the Purchase " Money for the same shall be required " to be paid into the said Court, and M to be applied in the purchase of " other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Te-" nements, or Hereditaments, to be " settled to the like uses, in pursuance " of this Act, it shall be lawful for the " said Court to order the expences of " all purchases from time to time to be " made in pursuance of this Act, or so " much of such expences as the Court " shall deerfi reasonable, together with " the necessary cods and charges of " obtaining such Order, to be paid by " the said Company, who shall, from ' " time to time, pay such sums of Mo-" ney for such purposes as the said " Court shall direct."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir William Earle Wei by reported from the Committee, Gnn*S»m to whom the Petition of iever. l Proprietors of-Estates, or R?nd Inhabitants within the Town of Grant ham, or within or near to the several Parishes and places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Lincoln, was refeired; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except for so much of the Poad as palies through a finall pait of the Parish of diarchy, in the said County, being about i,ioo yards, leading from the Great North ft ) id, near Grantham, to Bridge End, the whole of the said Road being a distance of 15 miles or thereabouts; the name of which Parish was omitted to be inserted in the Notices required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, it not being known to the parties at the time the Notices were given, that any part of the said Road did pals through the said Parish); and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Langzvith being examined, said, That the Road leading frum the Great North Road at the South end of the Town-(h:p 01 Spitilegate, in the Parish of Grantham, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge-end, in the County o through the several Paiilhes, Lordships, or Liberties of Spitilegate, Harrow by,bower by, WR Hat her

oiherwi.e Hay dor, Braceby , Haceby, Newton, Scot,

Willoughby, OJlornby, Threckingham, Spanby, HorUing, Sivay-

ton, and Bridge end, in the County of Lincoln, is very much out of repair, and in many places narrow and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Road were properly amended, and kept in repair.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Croydon md of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Croydon Canal, at or near the Town of Croydon, in put off 10’ the County of Surrey, into the River Arun, at or near fi* Month*. Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and from the said River to, and to communicate with, the Harbour of in the County of Southampton;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday, the 12th day of April next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quest tion, by leaving out the words "Thursday, the 12th day of " April next," and inserting the words " this day fix " months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words " Thurs-" day, the 12th day of April next," (land part of the,

Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " this " day six months," be inserted instead thereof;

It w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day six months.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, ap- ir;n, Milau pointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay F.ftimit?, and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Exprnce rePorteJ-of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1804; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTLMATE

15° Martin

44 Geo. III.

155

38 Adjutants 38 Surgeons 1,216 Serjeants 1,425 Corporals 570 Drummers 76 Filers

ESTIMATE for 28 days Pay:

285 Captains ----- ioj. each per diem 6?9 Lieutenants '--- - 5*. 8

226 Ensigns - -- -- 41. 8

12,540 Privates, 44 per Company, ix. -Allowance of 4 d.for one month, to each Drummer and Private -

3.99°

4,990

1,476

»7.556

218

1

10

4

8

10 —

To 570 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia, on the Corps in which they served being disbanded, an allowance of 25 per annum respectively, in addition to the Pay usually provided for their attendance-at the place of monthly exercise To 285 Ensigns, who shall have lo served, an allowance of 20 per amurrtrespectively

4.161

2.774

33.288

3°»84°

10,402

i»3«7

494

346

1,900

760

H729

20,947

7*477

d.

12

lo

6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland and of the Expence and Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace; for the Year 1804:

- - 6 j. per diem each - -

- - 4 s. - *■ -

- 1 s.6 d.

- - ix. 2d.

- - I s. ——

- - I J. ——

Addition to 76 Serjeant Majors, 2 j. 6d. each per week -

- - - to 38 Drum Majors - 6 d. - - per day -

Allowance to 38 Regimental Clerks, £. 50 per annum - - -Allowance to provide Medicines for 38 Regiments and Battalions, a. 20 each -Rent of Stores for 38 Regiments ——

Cloathing for 13,965 private Militia Men -

- - - for 1,862 Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers ----- 2

J5 —

10 —

28,231 2 —'

<4,250 — 5,700 —

164,188 9 6

[Hi tit Inmate, iJforted.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, 1804; That the Committee had prepared ah Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, ap- House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-pointed to prep ire an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay wards delivered it in at the CLrk’s Table: Where th# and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain for the year fame was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year 1804.

r

Pay to 48,963 private Militia Men, at is. per , for 28 days -

- - 1,716 Serjeants, at 1 j. 6 d. per diem,lor one year ——

- 1,631 Corporals, at is. 2d. per diem, for d® -

- - 785 Drummers, at is. per diem, ford® -

- 87 Adjutants, at 6 s. per diem,ford® -

Salaries for 80 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 per annum each -Extra pay to 8 Serjeant Majors, at is. 6 d. per week each ——

D® - - - to 80 Drum Majors, at 6J. a day each ——

28 days pay to the several Officers -

Charge of 28 days Beer Money for the Non-commissioned Officers and private Militia Men, at id. per,diem each ——

Charge per annum of the Allowance for Contingencies, at 4 per month per man Cloathing of 48,963 private Militia Men - -

Cloathing of 2,491 Serjeants and Drummers -

68,548

46.975 34.720

14,326 9,526 4,000

552

73d-----

23,242 16 —

6,194 8 4

9,949 *2 —;

73,006 -

7,600 —- —

s.

4

10

*4

5

10

lo —

299.372 9 6

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Klmate of Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, ap-kiiuw.ncc.to pointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allow-ftiirnW,&C ances to made to Adjutants and Servant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of

the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and' he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the fame was read'; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

j The number of Militia Corps either totally reduced, or in which a Reduction has taken

! place, amounts to 56. The number of Adjutants and Serjeant Majors necessary to

' provide for, estimated at the rate of £.54. I5J. od. for each Adjutant, and

£. 24. 155. o d.for each Serjeant Major, the eXpence of the whole fof the year 1804, will be ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

Vol. 59. Ordered,

4,452 — —

Innkeeper* !<iil, oidere:!.

Milton giving Bill, preferred.

Committee appointed to pituare Eilimate of Allowances to Militia Officers.

Portrane and

Donahute ] lic'ofore Bill, passed.

Report on certain Expiring Laws.

156 15° Alar tit. A. 1804.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for in-creating the Rates of bubfifience to be paid to Innkeepers, and otners, on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Nicholas yunfit tart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, ciear.iing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public pafl'ages and places, within the Town of Milton next in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, therein: And the fame was received; and read the fir it time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And theyarctomeetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Portrane and Douabate, in the County of Dublin, was read

the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing lands within the Parishes oi Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dublin.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the 1 -ords, and delire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Acts mentioned in the Ilefolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, so the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, of made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, which has been continued by several subse-quest-Acts until the 15th day of March 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, which has been amended and continued by leyeral subsequent Acts until the 24th day of June 1804, is near expiring, and lit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts until the 24th day of June 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, which has been continued by several subsequent Acts-until the 25th day of March 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 33d year of His liud Majesty, as permits Sir William Bijhcp, George Bijhp, and Angles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Matd/lone Geneva; which Act was to continue in

force for five years, from the 5th day of July 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the admission to entry of Oil, or Blubber, of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty’s European dominions, and usually redding in the said dominions, on payment of the Duty by the said Act imnofed on Train Oil or Blubber of Newfoundland, o( British Fishing, which was to continue in force until the 2;th day of December 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ri fo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for the further support and encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straights, which was to be in force for five years, from the 25th day of December 17S6; and a!!o so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His find Majesty, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which were,by several subsequent Acts,amended and further continued until the 25th day of December 1804, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, except so much thereof as relates to allowing VefieL employed in the said Fisheries to complete the number of men at certain Ports.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Mr.

Nicholas Vanfitiart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, aftd Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His laid Majesty, relating to the admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution. Orders of Council, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct-. d him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, and also for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, w'as, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, and also, for charging cei tain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu cf former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties, and Drawbacks.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a 11 Duty

Committee Neutral Shi Bill.

Irish Dntia Bill, passed.

Irish Milt Duty Bill, passed.

lrish Countervailing Duties Bill, polled*

Exchequer Bills Bill, committed.

Addrest for Account of

Ships in Commissian;

44 Geo. III. 1 Z>° Martii. 157

Duty upon Malt made in Ireland for the year 1804; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year 1804.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation, into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned* being the manufacture of Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do 'pass: And that the Title be* An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain-, and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for raising the sum of Two Millions, by Loans of Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have beeo, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year 1804, was, according to Order* read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

f . A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will b? graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the number of Ships of the Line, Fifty-gun Ships, Frigates, Sloops* Bombs, Gun Vessels and Gun Boats, Hired Armed Cutters, and Armed Ships, in Commission on the 31ft December 1793, the 30th September 1801, and the 31ft December 1803; distinguishing how many of the fame were then employed as Guard Ships, Receiving Ships* Hospital Ships, Prison Ships, Troop Ships, and Floating Batteries;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question,by inserting after the word " Commission,*’ the words " and of all other Armed Ships, Vessels, and Boats, employed in the Public Service, specifying their nature and " force."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the words " 1793," the words " 1794, 1795, 1796,1797, 1798, 1799, 1800."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the second word " December," the words " 1802."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the words " 1803," the words " and the 15th March 1804."

And the Question being put, That those words be there inserted.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 59.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account,

shewing the number of Ships of the Line, Fifty-gun Ships,

Frigates, Sloops, Bombs, Gun Vessels, and Gun Boats,

Hired Armed Cutters, and Armed Ships in Commission,’ and of all other Armed Ships, Vessels, and Boats, employed,

in the Public Service, specifying their nature and force, on '

the 31ft December 1793, 1794, 1795* 1796, 1797, 1798;

1799, 1800, the 30th September 1801, the 31ft December 1802, 1803, and the 15th March 1804; distinguishing how many of the fame were then employed as Guard Ships,

Receiving Ships, Hospital Ships, Prison Ships; Troop Ships, and Floating Batteries.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty. by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was tnade, and the Question being put. That Motions for '

there be laid before this House, a copy of the Orders given

by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for building (Neg.J

Gun Vessels by Contraft in the years 1794, 1797,1801,

i 8oJ, and x 804, respectively; together with an Account of the number of the said Vessels, the time of their being

contrafted for, and the time within which they were required

to be completed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp, r vl v (Mr, Starves Bourne,

Tellers for The Yeas,£ Mj. . j 130.

rp r , »T CSir Charles Morice Pole, 1

Tellers for the N<*s,^Sargent: j201'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Ships of the Line built and launched in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, from the commencement of the last War to the end of the year11801; Likewise, from the end of the year 1801 to the present time, and of such as afe now building; specifying the date of the Admiralty Order for building the lame, the places of building, and the time when such of the lame as have been completed were launched;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a like Account of the number of Ships of the Line contrafted to be built in private Yards, for the lame periods respectively jj specifying, in like manner, the date of the Admiralty Order for building the fame, the places of building, and the time when such of the same as have been completed, were launched;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Acfcotmt* Account of the number of Seamen and Marines in His ordered* Majesty’s Service, lo far as the lame can be made up from and the Returns in the Navy Office, and from the Returns re- Marine*, ceived at the Admiralty, from the Commanding Officers of the Divisions of Marines,'and the Officers employed ixi railing Men, on the 31st December 1793,15th March 1794, and 15th March 1804; distinguishing the number of Troops muttered on board Ships of War in each period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Shipwright*, count of the number of Shipwrights and Artificers employed in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, on the ill of March 1801, 1803, and 1804, respectively j distinguishing Shipwrights from Artificers.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to Monday last* for taking into further consideration, To- y®"^®1^6 morrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole Aftvkfwred. House, to whom the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, was again re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confi deration upon Monday next.

Ss The

Further Confide rat ion of Report from Aylesbury

Election

Committee,

deferred.

Brecknock,

See. Canal Bill, reported.

Kants, Sussex,

and Dorset

Insurance

Company's

Petition,

reported.

Sutton and Newport Roans Bill, committed.

158 15°—16

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 29th day of February last, for taking into further consideration, upon Monday next, the Report which was made from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the A Election, might be read.

And the said Order-being read accordingly!

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken int® further consideration upon Thursday next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till half an "hour after One of the clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Veneris, 16°

Anno 44® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

pRAYEJtS,

SIR Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and foT altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a (e»-cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. St urges Bourne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Penons, whose names^are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the faun, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Bojwell being examined, said. That the Petitioners and others are desirous of forming an Institution at Gosport, in the County of Southampton, to be called The Hants, , and Dorset Insurance Company; and that His Majesty should be empowered to grant a Charter of Incorporation, enabling them to raise a Capital Stock, in such manner as by the said Act or Charter shall be appointed; and that they should be authorized to grant Assurances on Lives and Insurances against Fire, and to grant Annuities at such rates as may be agreed on between the Insurer and the Allured.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by a Charter, a Company, to be called The Hants, SuJJ'ex, and Dorset Insurance Company, for granting Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Insurances against loss or damage by Fire: And that Mr. Siurges Bourne, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall,in the County of Stafford,

through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Nezvport, in the County of Salop, and several other lloads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William

4

*Martii, A. 1804.

Henry Fellowes, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for further increasing the Capital Stock of the gca"t ^B | Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, was read com'mued' ’ a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Pulteney, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the canal Bin, Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge agreed to. of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 8. After "works," insert Clauses (A.) (B.) and (C.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case the person or persons to whom " any sum or sums of Money shall be " awarded for the purenafe of any " Lands, Tenements, or Hc-redita-" ments, to be purchased by virtue " of the said Acts or this Act, shall " refuse to accept the fame, or shall -" not be able to make a good title to " the Premises, to the satisfaction of " the Commissioners for executing the " laid Acts and this Act, or in case " such person or persons to whom such *c sum or sums of Money shall be so " awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, -" or if the person or persons entitled to " such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-" taments, be not known or difeo-" vered, then and in every such case . " it shall be lawful for the said Com-

" millioners, or any five or more of " them, to order the said sum or sums " of Money, lo awarded as aforesaid, to " be paid into the Bank of England,

" in the name and with the privity of * the Accountant General of the " Court of Chancer}’, to be placed to " his account, to the credit of the " parties interested in the said Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments fde-" lcribing them] subject to the order,

" controul, and disposition of the said " Court of Chancer}’, which said " Court, on the application of any " person or persons making claim to " such sum or sums of Money, or any " part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

" Hull be and is hereby empowered in " a summary way of proceeding, or " otherwise, as to the fame Court shall " seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public " Funds, and to order distribution * thereof, or payment of the Dividends " thereof, according to the respective * Estate or Estates, Title or Interest,

" of the person or persons making " claim thereunto, and to make fuen " other Order in the premises as to " the said Court shall seem just and " reasonable; and the Caftiier or " Cashiers of the Bank of England, who " shall receive such sum or sums of " Money, is and are hereby required * to give a Receipt or Receipts for " such sum or sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and " for whose use the fame is or are rc-" ceived, to such person or persons as

" shall

LjO ne

44 Geo. III. 1 $ Martin 159

" shall pay any such sum Dr Turns of " Money into the Bankas aforesaid.’’ Clause (B.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That where any Question * shall arise, touching the title of any " person to any Money to be paid into * the Bank of in the name

* and with the privity of the Account-* ant General of the Court of Chan-" eery, in pursuance of this Act, for the purchase of any Lands, Tene-" ments, or Hereditaments, or any " Estate, Right, or Interest, in any " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annui-* ties to be purchased with any such *c Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, * the person or persons who shall have " been in possession of such Lands, Te-* nements, or Hereditaments, at the " time of such purchase, and all per-" Tons claiming under such person or " persons, shall be deemed and taken " to have been lawfully entitled to * such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-,c taments, according to such poflef-* lion, until the contrary shall be " shewn to the satisfaction of the said 4‘ Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to " be purchased with such Money, and ft also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and " disposed of accordingly, unless it * shall be made appear to the said " Court that such a possession was a " wrongful possession, and that some other person or persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Te-" nements, or Hereditaments, or to * some Estate or Interest therein. Clause (C.) * Provided also, and be it further * Enacted, That where by reason of " any disability or incapacity of the person or persons, or Corporation, " entitled to any Houses, Buildings, " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-* ments, to be purchased under the " authority of this Act, the Purchase " Money for the same shall be required " to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the purchase of other " Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tene-* ments, or Hereditaments, to be set-,e tied to the like uses in pursuance of " this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of " all Purchases from time to time to " be made in pursuance of this Act, " or so much of such Expences as the * Court shall deem reasonable, toge-" ther with the necessary Costs and * Charges of obtaining such Order, to " be paid by the said Company, who shall, from time to time, pay such " sums of Money for such purposes as " the said Court shall direct."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Bluri-tisham with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, and of several Trustees acting in execution of several Acts for re-Vol. 59.

pairing the lload from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was

pfefented to the House and read; taking notice of the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain dther Roads; and letting forth. That the said Bill contains many provisions highly detrimental to the interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their agents, or counsel, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves* their agents, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved. That the Report which was, Leave for Yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Peti1-tion of several Proprietors of Estates, or Inhabitants within OrantbaS the Town of Grantham,or within or near to the several Road.

Parishes and places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumllances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the parts of Kejleven, in the County of Lincoln, and also at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Gran-' tham, in and for the Soke of Grantham, in case there be any such Sessions then holden at Grantham, and also three times in a newspaper called The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, in the present month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the appli-f cation to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the fold Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Yarmouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt* electing of a Burgefe, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Delgarno, Esquire, who, since his election. for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Baililf of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, De/borough, and Bonenkam, in the County of Buckingham.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the Adjournment. House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to »men a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Par- Act

liament, for making provision for the Wives and Families presented. ’ of Militia Men of Ireland: And the fame was received * and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second tithe.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Committee or solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the £*!:h,ef11Ver Bill for raising the lum of Two Millions, by Loans or Ex- 5 1 chequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1804, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Maitland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Maitland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

160

16°'—19"

A. 1804

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Bill respecting Statute Duty, ordered*

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th year of His present Majesty, to explain* amend* and reduce into one Act, the Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the public Highways in England, and for other purposes, might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 34th year of His said Majesty, for varying some of the provisions of the said Act, which relate to the performance of Statute Duty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend so much of the said Acts as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty: And that Lord William Russell and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to alter and amend two Acts, palfed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoh Leigh do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- t1eterrea* lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolvid, That this House will, upon Monday next, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deterred.' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Neutral Ships Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill, reported. {|ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His laid Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the ilfuing of Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America, in Neutral Ships, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time,' one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Sugar Ware-housing Bill, presented. (Expiring Law.)

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Expiring Laws Bill> presented.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 19°

Anno 440 Georgii IIP11 Reg'is, 1804. Prayers.

A BILL for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of

ford Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Tltd ford Saint Cuthbert, and Saint Mary, in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henty AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Th st ford L inclosure B ■' committed.

Haddifcoe

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley presented to the House, accord- __________

ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Inclosure * Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk: And the Prelemed-fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley presented to the House, accord- -f-operoft* . ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Denton Tcpcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk: And the f

fame was received; and read the first time. P Li

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. '

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancafiire do make F.llefm.-re the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of R3,tw,y

the Company of Proprietors of the Ellefnere Canal, was prie'd.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to allowing the importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed ftiali be above a certain limit;

to the allowing the importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the Bounties granted for the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles to carry on the

Manufacture of Maidfone Geneva; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by persons usually residing in His Majesty’s European Dominions: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be*read a second time upon Monday next.

Wigan and An ingrafted Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed

Baf paikd^* the and 35th year* of the Reign of His present

referred.

Mr. Blackburne accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bilis, and Bills for making Railways, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 33d, 36th, 41ft, and 42d years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining several Branches and collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Telford being examined, said. That upon a re-survey of the County berween Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, and the Aqueduct at in the said

County, it hath been found that a Railway will be the most convenient and less expensive method for carrying coal, lime, limestone. Hates, goods, wares, and merchandizes, from a certain Brook near Ruabon aforesaid, ro the Ellefnere Canal at or near the North-east end or PontcyfyllteeAqueduft; and that, for a regular supply oF water for the Canal and collateral Cuts, it wiil be a great

public

:Cc

tj

44 Geo. III.

19° Martik

161

public advantage to make a Navigable Water-line or Feeder from the said Canal at or near the North-east end of the said Aqueduct, to the River in the Parish of Llandifillio in the said County, and there to take a supply of water out of the said River for the purposes of the said Canal, and the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, and to enable the said Company to provide and take a sufficient quantity of water out of Bala Pool, otherwise Pimble Mere, in the County of Merioneth, for supplying the said River 'Dee, in dry feaions, with an equal or greater quantity of water than Avail be taken out of the said River for the purposes of the said Canal, and the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, and to make several Cuts or Feeders near the East or low'er end of the said Pcol or 'Mere, to convey water occasionally out of the lame into the said River, at a lower level than that by which the said water is at present discharged front the said Pool or Mere; and that it is reasonable that the Tonnage which the said Company are authorized to take on burnt lime carried on the said Canal, or the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof. Or on the Railways belonging thereto, should be increased; and that the powers of the said several Acts require amendment.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at Pontcyfyl/tee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and alfc? to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water: And that Mr. and Mr. Eger ton do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fc^h£rean<1 A'Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the RariRiii, powers of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of ^anmitted. His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar, was read a second * time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Macdowall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

pat Pancm goor Bill,

tff’

Sir Francis Burdett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, a certain number of Directors, participating in the powers and fundlions of the office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and leledl body, for the better and more ealy governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor; for erecting a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, or purchasing Ground or Buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the expence of such purthafe, and of such new Building; and for rendering more productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said Parish, and for other purposes, was committed, and to whom the Petition of several House-holders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-commitfed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, Gotham in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time. commuted!*11*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Curzon,

Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill , for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Milton the Streets, Lanes, and other public pallages and places, ’

within the Town of Milton next Sit ting bin the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Wmehefter powers of two Acts, palfed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy committed. Cowdovjn, to Newtown River; and also, the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brodrick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Proprietors of- iaclofureBill. Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parish of ,in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Porter presented to the House, according to Order, Bill presentedi a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read k -the firit time. gT

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. x

Ordered, That Mr. Porter be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pur- fn^ftwick"8 suant to the prayer of the Petition of several Pro- indorure Bill, prietors of Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of AJlwick, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Porter presented to the House, according to Order, Bill presented. a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Afiwick, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read the firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Estimate of appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allow- ^Militia* ances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia officer*, of Great Britain in time of Peace; That the Committee rePorted* had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain.

To 479 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £. 25. per annum, respectively, in addition to the Pay usually provided for their attendance at the place of monthly exercise - -

To 173 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of £. to. per , respectively -

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Voi. 39.

d. '

".975 0 0

3,460 0 0

*5*4-35 0 0

Tt

Mr.

162

19° Martir. 'A. 1804.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Billrespecting Lord William Russell presented to the House, according presented.Ut>* *° Order, a Bill to aker and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

©oring Mr. Atkins reported from the Committee, to whom the

inclosure Bill, gjj} for inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the r«p° parish of Goring, in the County of Sussex, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their cojifent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House> and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bilj, with the Amendments, be in-grofftd.

Exchequer Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Report Bills Bill, from tjje Committee of the whole House, to whom the report . pin for fifing the sum of 'I'wo Millions, by Loaps or Exchequer Biljs, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, of shall be, granted by Parliament for the service t of Great Britain for the year 1804, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had ipade to the Bill, snd which they had directed to be reported to the House; apd he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one'; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted f

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Tottington Mr. Atkins reported from the Committee, to whom the ported6 Bill for inplofing the Open and Common Fiplds within the *p e Hamlet of Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and foynd that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; apd that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, sod found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Stafford and Asi ingrafted Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, ipade in the 3d and 23d years of the Reign

Innkeeper*

Bill,

presented.

of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain stone which divides-the Liberty of Banton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term and powers of two Acts of the thiid and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid,' to a certain stone which divides the Liberty of Banton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry thq Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Lift of PufcUc to the directions of an Act of Parliament, Accountant*,

A Lift of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the prelcmed-execution of any process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by authority of His Majesty, within the year preceding the commencement of the present Session of Parliament.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon Hie Table.

The said Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix. volume. (No. 43.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Neutral ship* reading of the ingrafted Bill to revive, continue, and amend Bill* *DaUl'd* an Act, maefe in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts of the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His laid Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the iftliing of Orders in Council for that purpoife, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, Orders of Council, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act~to revive and continue, until eight months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other prpvifiops in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, Orders of Council, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Expiring reading of the Bill to continue and amend several Laws ^aws relating to allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and coramitt other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the Bounties granted for the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries: and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles to carry on the

manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and so the admission to

entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by persons usually redding in His Majesty’s European Dominion?, be now read.

And

44 Geo. III.

19°—20° Martii.

163

igar Ware-rnling Bill, mimitted. (Expiring Law.)

Jill to amend rifli

families Act, tsnmittech

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid- Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland, be now read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

f The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Writ Burton A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Weft Burton, biiuiure Bill, in the North Biding of the County of York, was read a wnmuted. fecontl time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr Wilberfarce,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Watson, Esquire, of Old

Malton Abbey, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York; and setting forth. That the said Bill contains several provisions which, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his counsel or agents, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-(ideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Districts from which Assessments, made in virtue of the Act imposing a Duty on Property, have been returned to the Office for Taxes, dating the Total Sum assessed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Districts from which no such AsselTments have been returned to the said Office.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, was again re-committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the laid Bill, be now read a second time;

The House divided,

Voj,. 59,

) m-1

Petition

Igainst

Malton and Picktri-g load Bill.

Accounts reacting Duty on Pr^ertjr, ordered.

Report of Bill to confo-liikte Volunteer Acts,

further

cojuidcrecL

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas * General Ma

letters for the leas,^ ^.

C Mr. Whitbread,

Tellers for the Noes,] Mr. Charles

t Williams Wynn:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

- Then the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in so. 5.1. 8. being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in so. 5.1. 8. which was, after* proper" to insert, " Provided always, that nothing in this Act con-*‘ tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle " any Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers to <( any Exemption mentioned in this Act in act, case in which " in the offer or acceptance of Service of such Corps, it shall " have been specified, that such Exemption would not be " claimed by, or allowed to, the Members thereof, or to " entitle any greater number of persons in any Corps to any '* Exemptions under this Act, than shall have been Or shall " be allowed as the established number of such Corps," being read a second time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the end thereof these words:

*‘ Provided also, that no Member of any Corps of Yeo-" manry or Volunteers, who has entered and been enrolled " in such Corps subsequent to the 22d day of June 1803,

" shall be entitled to any Exemption mentioned in this " Ad, unless he shall have engaged, or shall engage to *‘ march to any part of Great Britain, for the defence thereof,

" in case of actual Invasion, or the appearance of an Enemy •" in force upon the coast j"

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecutioa of the War, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

And the Question befog put, That those words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T^fonheY^S-..

Tellers for the Noes,[ } 79-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House, having continued to (it till half an hour after Two of the clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this day.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it- Supply, self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider deterre<1' further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it- Way* an* self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of- the clock.

Mortis, 20° die Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*1 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Pro- Brecknock, prietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal c** Navigation to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and for

Wetherby

and Knaref-borough Road Bill, reported*

Wark

Inclosure

Petition,

repotted*

Lambeth

Streets

Petition,

reported.

164 20° Mar tli. A. 1804.

for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation to raise a farther lum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lafcel/es reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the 23d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wet her b to in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County oP Northumberland, and of several other persons interested in the Commonable Lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with (except as to the Lands called Stannerjburn Common and Stannerjbum Common Fields, it not having been determined that the application to Parliament should be extended to those Lands until the third week in September last); but Notices for the Inclosure of Stannerjbum Common were affixed on the door of the Parish Church of on Sunday

the 25th day of September last, and on the two following Sundays in the month of October (although such last mentioned Notices did. not include Stannerjburn Common Fields) but all the Proprietors, as well of Stannerjburn Common os of Stannerjburn Common Fields, are consenting to the Division and Inclosure thereof; and it will be convenient and advantageous to them, and to the Proprietors of all the other Commonable Lands mentioned in the said Petition, that the whole of such Commonable Lands should be included in one Bill; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Peters being examined, said. That there are within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, three Commons, Moors, or Wastes, called Thomey burn Common, Greyjlead Common, and Stannerjburn Common, and also certain Common Fields, called Stannerjburn Common Fields; and that if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to their improvement, and be of great advantage and convenience to the Proprietors thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers of the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with;

and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Evans being examined, said, That the several Streets, and other public pallages and places in the said Parish, are not duly or sufficiently cleansed, and it would tend greatly to the benefit, convenience, health, and safety, as well of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as of all other persons resorting to, or travelling in, over, or through the lame, if powers were given more effectually to cleanle the fame; and also for removing and preventing all nuisances and annoyances within the said Parish.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William RuJJell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Pengate *ml the Petition of several of the Trullees, appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the 9th year of His present petition, .■ Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an Act, made reported. 1 in the 3 ill year of his late. Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchett's Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts, and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders 1

of the House, relative to Turnpike.Bills, had been com- I

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the [

matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is. as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Moule being examined, said. That the Act passed in the 9th year of His present Majesty, continued the term of the Act of the 3ill year of his late Majesty from the expiration of such term, and also, the additional term of five years granted by the said Act, passed in the 28th year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act * for the amendment and preservation of the public High-" ways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the " more effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto;" but upon adverting to the dates of the said Acts, it has been apprehended, that the term of five years, so presumed and appearing to have been added by the said Act of the 28th of King George the Second, to the term of the said first-mentioned Act, could not attach to it; and that therefore the term of the said Acts of the 31st of King George the Second, and the 9th of His present Majesty, is actually expired.—And being further examined, he laid. That the said Roads cannot be kept in repair, and the debt now remaining due on the credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, cannot be paid oil', unless the said Acts are revived, and a new term granted, and the powers altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the powers of two

Acts, passed for amending the Itoad leading from Pengate,

in the Parish' oi Weftbury, to Latcnear the

East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said

Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so lar as the

laid Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second

District therein mentioned: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr.

Penruddocke Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committtec, to whom Fofton Bri^ the Petition of several Trullees for putting in execution aijf0^a>t0A the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Petition, Committee had examined, and found that the Standing reporuJ. Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition,

44 Guo. III.

20° Martii.

165

tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afrerwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Fojton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little , in the County of Nottingham, was read: And,

Mr. Charles Snarl being examined, said. That a large debt hath been contracted on the credit of the Tolls, which (till remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the powers of the said Act be altered and enlarged, and the term thereof further continued; and that there is a certain Bridge over the River Trent, called Mujkham Bridge, situate upon and part of the said Road, and the said Road affords the only convenient communication between London, the parts adjacent, and beyond it, and the Northern parts of Great Britain; and that the said Bridge is narrow, and has been found very inadequate for the safe and commodious passage of carriages and Passengers; and that the Proprietors for the time being of certain Estates situate at South Mujkham (of which Estates Henry Lord Middleton is the present poii'elfor) are subject and liable to defray the expences of repairing and maintaining the said Bridge, and that it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood and the Public in general, if a Bridge of proper and sufficient dimensions were erected at or near ^hefeite of the said Bridge; for which purpose it is expedient that the Trustees should be enabled to erect such Bridge, and agree with the said Lord Middle, and the Proprietors of the said Estates for the time being, for the payment of an adequate sum of money to the said Trustees, by way of com, for exonerating the said Estates from the future repairs and maintenance of the said Bridge.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for exonerating Henry Lord Middleton from the charge of repairing a certain Bridge, called Mujkham , over the River Trent, in the County of Nottingham, for a valuable consideration, and for more effectually repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had -examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed, in the 5th and 10th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross in Ashton-under-Line in the County of Lancaster, to DoSlor's Lane Head in the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the County of Chester, were read: And,

Mr. James Antrobus Newton being examined, laid. That

the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, a great part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued; and that it is expedient that the said Acts lliould be repealed, and further and other powers and proviliens granted instead thereof, in one Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport to Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lan-cnjler, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of Chester and York: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, fof the third read- Exchequer ing of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of Two Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such P Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year 1804, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act; for raising a further sum of Two Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Yeomanry and Maltsters of Hampshire, Petition fro* whose names are thereunder signed, was pro fen ted to the HJmP(!*ire House, and read; setting forth. That in consequence of Duties on* * the increased Duties on Malt, the consumption of Barley Malt, has been most materially diminished, and it is ferioully apprehended mull generally prohibit the use of that nutritious article, more particularly amongst the labouring Poor; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the quantity of Malt exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and imported from Ireland to Great Britain, in . Beer, six years, ending the 5th January 1804; and of the Rate ®nte«L and Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each year, and England from Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Malt carried Coastwise from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, in the fame period, and of the Rate and Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Beer exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and imported from Ireland to Great Britain, in the lame period, and the Rate and Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Malt charged with Duty in and Scotland respectively, for the fame period, and the Rate and Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Malt charged with Duty in Ireland, for the lame period, with the Rate and Amount of the Duties thereon$ distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account ot all Strong Beer, Table Beer, and Small Beer, charged with Duty in Great Britain, with the Rate and Amount of the Duties thereon, for the fame period; distinguishing each year, England from Scotland, and London from the Country.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a list of Lift of Public Public Accountants, in respect of whom the execution of any process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, under the authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, and which now remain in force. '

The House being informed that Mr. Bulley, from the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, between 5th January 1803 and 5th January 1804; distinguishing each quarter.

Mr. Bulley also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the year ended 5th January 1804, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on 5th January 1804, subject to such decrease of U u Charge

Account of Consolidated Fund, presented.

Annual

Kevenue Accounts, presented:

Consolidated

Fund,

166

20° Martii.

A. 1804.

Charge as may arise from the decteafe in the intdreft and management upon Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Redu<ftion of the National Debt, on account of Land Tax redeemed; and also from decrease in Charges of Management on Stock purchased by the said Commissioners; distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt exilting prior to 5th January 1803, also the Income derived from the Duties impoled in the subsequent year, together witRthe Charge created therein: And also, PT*xe»enet -An Account ^e Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, taken for two years, ending respectively on 5th January 1803, and on 5th January 1804: And also,

F Pu^V, An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great -U* tain, as the fame stood on the ill day of February 1804, distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the fame is created, and in respect of what sums raised, or Bills funded, so far as the lame can be' ascertained; distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, Annuities for Terms, Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by Acts passed in the 26th and 42d years of His Majesty’s Reign, and the Annuity of £. 1. per-centum per annum upon part of Capi-.

tals created lince 5th January 1793) distinguishing also upon what conditions, and at what periods, the fevcfal parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable: And also,

Redemption An Account of the prog refs made in the Redemption of of D°* the Public Debt funded in Great Britain at ift February 1804, distinguishing the /Capitals of the several Funds; and specifying how much of each has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt fined ift August 1786; the average Price of Stocks, and the Sums annually applicable to the reduction thereof; likewise the Annuities to fall in; and also the Capital of Debt transferred to the Commissioners on account of Land Tax redeemed.

Together whh duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The first of the said Accounts is preserved amongst Appendix. the other Papers of this Session j and the other

fNo 26 1 Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this

' ’*volume.

Dalkeith Mr. William Dundaspresented to the House, according

presenttd'11’ Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, Or One-sixth part of aPenny Sterling, on every Scotsj>int of Ale or Beer brewed for lale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town \ and for erecting a new public Market therein: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

®or'n$ . An ingrafted Bill for inclosing the Open and Common patted.111* * Fields in the Parish of Goring, in the County of was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Tooington An ingrafted Bill for inclosing the Open and Common patted.Ure ' ’ Fields within the Hamlet of Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of Sussex, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of 'Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of SufJ'ex.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bit: respefiing Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second committed1’' rca(^nS °* the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, 3 3

passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for resuming the Report of adjourned consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to consolidate and volunteer amend the provisions of the several Aits relating to Corps A£ls>fim;-of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned consideration of the said Report.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as Clause (G ) being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dil’agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (G). the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which directed an Allowance to be made to Volunteers who shall hereafter assemble to do Military Duty under the Act, being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word " aforesaid," and inserting the words,

" where Two Guineas are to be allowed for every Volun-" teer," instead thereof..

And the Question being put, That the word afore-" said" stand part of the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

■Mle, for ,h.

Tellers for the Noes f Mr* William Dundas,

ieiiersrortnei»oes,|Mr> OJborn:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were di fag reed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing for the repair of arms in Scotland.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-redting the manner in which Clerks in Scotland, employed under the Act, are to be rewarded for their trouble.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the horses of Volunteers from Toll.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable His Majesty to continue the Services of Corps already accepted, and to accept the Services of other Corps.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That persons who shall quit Volunteer Corps, or be discharged therefrom, shall be liable to certain Services, and to the payment of certain Duties.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

Question

} 73

39-

167

44 Geo. III. 20"—21° Martii.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the acceptance of a commission in a Volunteer Corps, shall not vacate a feat in Parliament. '

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That persons returned in any Muller-roll as ef* fedtive, shall be entitled to certain Exemptions.

And the said Clause was twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, dircfting, That in apportioning the number of men to serve in the Militia and additional Force, regard Hull be had to the number of Volunteers exempted from the ballot.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into % Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the Bounties granted for the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George and Argles

to carry on the manufacture of Geneva; and to

the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of -

land, taken by persons usually residing in His Majesty’s European dominions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Cojnmittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Vol. $9,

Mercurii, 21° die Martii;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP" Regis, i 804.

HAVERS.

MR. Blackbwrne of Lancashire prefonted to the House, Ellesmere

according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company KadwayBiU, of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway pre en from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the

Aqueduct at Ponteyfylltee, in the Parish of , in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water:

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House was moved, That the Report which was Report on yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital petitfcm, refer Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, Lords of committed, the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County of Northumberland, and of several other Persons interested in the Commonable Lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom Shiffnal and the Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road 5rit!f n°ntlx leading from the Weft fide of the Bridge in to reported.’

Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom cieobuiy the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging Mortimer the powers of two Acts, made in the ad and 23d years of Roa<jL?‘11’ His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading Wp° from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, and

•the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendupnts thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Renfrew, &c. A els, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the j^kBill, Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; for repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Redrew, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. William Macdowall, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

* Sir Francis Burdett reported from the Committee, to S»int Pancm whom the Bill for providing, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, a certain number of Directors, participating, in the powers and functions of the office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them

and

168 . 21°. M. A. Ife04.

and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and feled body, for the better and more easy governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor; for erecting a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, or purchasing ground or buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the expence of such purchase and of such new building; and for rendering more productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said Parish, and for other purposes, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

state of The House being informed that Dr. Gray, from the

uieCBrhifti°f Trustees of 5The Briiijk Museum, attended at the door; he Museum, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presented. purfoant to their Order,

A State of the Accounts of British Museum 1803, and Estimate of Accounts for 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. Jpfendix, The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 24.) volume.

SugarWare- . Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from 5^*11, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to (Expiring continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 41ft Law.) year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British . Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Law^Bai Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from reported. ’ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign Salt, free of Duty; to- the Bounties granted for the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the permitting Sir William B George Bishop, and Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidjioue Geneva; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of New-Joundland,taken by Persons usually residing in His Majesty’s European Dominions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Answers ta- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Adressc*. 'House, That their AddrelTes of the 13th day of February

7

last, and of the 14th and 15th days of this instant March (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give directions, that the several Papers and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

A Petition of William Hujkijfcn, of Eartliam, in the B

County of Sussex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and

read; letting forth. That at the last Election of a Burgess Lifce^rd to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Elct*,on-UJkeard, in the County of Cornwall, held on the 9th day of March instant, 'Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and the Peti- 1

tioner, were Candidates; and that by the last decilion of a 1

Committee of the House, on the 9th day of March 1803, the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament '•

for the said Borough of Lijkeard was declared to be in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, and was accordingly so reported to the House; and that the Mayor of the;

said Borough for the time being is the Returning Officer, and that no other person hath ever exercised, or claimed to exercise, that right; and that the Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwalltransmitted the Precept for the election of a Burgess, in pursuance of a Writ for that purpose, on the 4th day of March instant, by his own messenger, to Edmund Carthew, Esquire, the present Mayor of tire laid

Borough, which precept was directed to, and delivered to,

the Mayor of the said Borough of Lijkeard, as such Returning Officer; and that the said Edmund Carthew, as such Mayor, made the necessary Proclamation for the said election taking place on the 9th day of March instant, and which accordingly came on upon that day; and that the said Mayor, and twenty other Burgesses of the said Borough, voted for the Petitioner, and three Burgesses only for the said Thomas Sheridan; and that the Petitioner was thereupon declared by the said Mayor duly elected, and an Indenture of Return of the Petitioner, bearing date on the said 9th day of March, was duly executed by the said Mayor, under the common seal of the said Borough, and by nineteen of the said twenty Burgesses, whole names and seals are also thereunto affixed; and that on the 10th day of March instant, such Indenture, annexed to the said Precept, was transmitted to Mr. John Dayman, the Under Sheriff of Thomas Rawlings, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, by the said Mayor, and who thereupon executed the counterpart in the name of the said Sheriff, and exchanged the fame with the said Mayor; and that the return of the said Mayor, on the back of the Precept, was of one Indenture only, by which the Petitioner was returned as a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and such Indenture only was annexed thereto; and that, notwithstanding such return of the said Mayor, as Returning Officer for the said Borough, to the said Sheriff, as will appear by the Precept filed with the said Writ and Return, the said Sheriff, contrary to his duty, and wilfully and corruptly to deprive the Petitioner of repre-fenting the said Borough in Parliament, as he lawfully ought, hath annexed, in his return to the said Writ, without the privity of the said Mayor, a second schedule, purporting to be an Indenture made between the said Mayor and Burgesses of the one part, and the said Sheriff of the other part, by which the said Thomas Sheridan is returned as duly elected for the said Borough of Lijkeard (a copy of which Indenture is annexed to the said Petition); and that it appears, upon the face of such Indenture (and as the fad; is) that it neither has the (ignature, or seal, of the said Mayor; and that, by such gross and comipt conduct of the said Under Sheriff, the Petitioner, though duly elected, is prevented from taking his feat for the said Borough of Lijkeard: And therefore praying, That the House will grant such relief in the preniifes as the nature of the case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend Deputy clerk, this House, Tommorrow, with the last return of a Member ^attend0"* to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall.

A Message

44 Geo. III.

21°—22° Mar til

169

be Lords vc agreed to

(h Duties Bill.

i(h Coun* rv.iiling uties Bill

tnfli Malt Jury Bill.


Bill for

importation of Articles in Foreign Ships.

Aflibome and Leek Roads Bill.

Leiccder

inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have pailed

Bnfted

Ktitory Bill.

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, and also, for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of ' former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks; without any Amendment: And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation, into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain i and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-second years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Ruff ton Common, to Congleton, in the County of -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the county of ; with

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the Keftory ot Braffed, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the property of the f ight honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of aforesaid; to

v.hich the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d Act rerpeft-year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the bet- jHfnu’^ure ter regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, might of Ireland, to be read. be col)Iidered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ln"^cPers ' tire Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee of

V/ays and Means.

Account of Disposition of Grvrus, reierred.

Supply,

deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Monies given for the service of the year 1803 have been disposed of, distinguistied under their several heads, so far as relates to Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr HenryAlexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

JoviSy 22° die Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Praters.

/GENERAL Tar let on presented to the House, accord-^ ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, present^ ’ in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniences in the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Chef lire: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brafted for effectuating an Exchange of certain parts of the Glebe gjif Land belonging to the lteftory of Braffed, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the property of the Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of Braffed aforesaid, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom

the Report was re-committed, which was made from the committed. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners Report, and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green- rePor,ed* wick, in the County of Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Coufity of Northumberland, and of several other Persons interested in the Commonable Land? thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with, as to the Commons called -

burn Common and Greyffead Common; but it not having been determined, until the third week in September last, that the application to Parliament should be extended to the residue of the Lands mentioned in the said Petition, called Stannerfburn Common, and Statmerfburn Common Fields,

Notices for the inclosure of Stannerfburn Common were given on Sunday the 25th day of September last, and on the two following Sundays in the month of October, but no Notices were given for the inclosure of Stannerfburn X x Common

Whitchurch

Roads

Petition,

reported.

Temple Guiting Inclohire Bill presented.

Gloucester and Oxford Roads Bill, reported.

170 22° Marti! A. 1804.

Common Fields;and it appeared to the Committee, That all the Proprietors, as well of Common, as of

Stannerjburn Common Fields, are contenting to the Division and Inclosure thereof; and it will be convenient and ad-vanrageous to them, and to the Proprietors of all the other Commonable Lands mentioned in the Petition, that the whole of such Commonable Lands should be included in one Bill; and that the Committee had examined the matteri of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Peters being examined, said, That if the Lands described in the Petition were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to their improvement, and be of great advantage and convenience to the Proprietors thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the 7th and 25th years of His present Majesty, to repair and widen the Roads from , in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between in the County of Chester, and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid, were read: And,

Mr. ’John Groom being examined, laid. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in repair, unlel's the term of the said Acts be continued, and Ibme of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle-under - Lyme, and from Hinstock to Nantwich.aforesaid: And that Mr. William Clive and Mr. Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Admiral Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of ’ Temple Guiting, in the county of ; And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, palfed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 27th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendmepts were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to Sutton whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of reported!E

in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where j

the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a I

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, SwanfeaCaa and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of in the Parish of Ovftermouth,in the county of,

was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Paxton, Mr . Penruddocke Wyndham,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Lafcelles reported from the Committee, to Ackbm whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of inclosure B3 Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of reported' the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their conlept to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 107 acres of old inclosed Land entitled to right of Common, and also except the Owners of 49 Sheep Gates, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the old inclosed Lands amount to 1,061 acres one rood and 26 perches, and there are 550 Sheep Gates); and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s. Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

t

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the term of an Act, Wetherfcy passed in the 23d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from to Knaref- pffed.

borough, in the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough,in. the County of York. '

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lajcelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Dickens, from the Extracts of Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the ?r door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the respectW House, pursuant to their Order, Cor.n>

A Paper, intituled, " Extracts containing the substance Preented‘

" of the several Proclamations which have been made in " Ireland, respecting Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

* dipn Corn, Rice, or Potatoes,since 1773; distinguishing

the dates of each."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

I Ordered,

44 Geo. III.

22° M.

171

Sn^ar Ware- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

*ng of the ingrossed Bill to continue and amend io much (Expiring of an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, as Law) relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Aril to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware hou fed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

Inspiring Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

plflAU*"1* 'ng of the ingrossed Bill to continue and amend l'everal

Laws relating to allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the

• r . O'

prices of middling Briti/hRape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the Bounties granted for the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the permitting Sir Williatn Bishop, George and Argles , to

carry on the manufacture of Geneva; and to

the admilT.on to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by persons usually residing in His Majesty’s European dominions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir Williatn BishopGeorge Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to theadnriflion to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said I Hand, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to * the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered', That the Order of the day, for the House to r 'd.*x/tend ref°b'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Families Act. the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland, be nc;w read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ditedted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Report Way* Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from uAMeans, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

Vol. 59.

the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Surplus of towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there Grant8' be issued and applied the sum of One million Three hundred and Seventy thousand Six hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, being the surplus of the Grants for the year 1803.

The laid Resolution being read asecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Further consideration the Report, which was made from the Select Re^rc*0*1 Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of from the Aylesbury Election; £yWbury

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con- committee, sideration Tommorrow. deterred.

The House being informed that Lieutenant Colonel Accounts Gordon, from the Barrack Department, attended at the Barracks*0 door; he was called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the presented. House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all such Barracks as have been pulled down, or disposed of, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the number of Men and Horses they were calculated to contain, and the several sums they were fold for: And also,

An Account of all such Barracks as have been erected, or ordered to be erected, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the places where they are situated, and the number of Men and Horses they are calculated to contain, together with the several dates of the Orders for erecting them, respectively: And also,

An Account of the Expences which have severally attended the erect ion of all such Barracks as have been erected since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, distinguisiring such as have been built by contract, engagement, or otherwise: And also.

An Account of the dates of such Contracts or Agreements as have been entered into for all such Barracks as have been erccted, or ordered to be erected, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, with the terms and conditions attending the fame; together with the names of the Persons who have made such contracts or agreements.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix Appendix. to this volume. (No. 25.)

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Annual Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, Accounts attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented.’ presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments Stamps, into the Exchequer of the Duties arising from Stamps in England, in the year ending the 5th January 1804; difi tinguiflringeach Duty and each head of Payment; together with the Balance in the hands of the Receiver General at the commencement and termination of the year; And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances -and Payments thereout, between the 5th day of January 1803 and the 5th day of January 1804; distinguislring each Duty, and each head of payment; together with the Balance in the hands of the Receiver General at the commencement and termination of the year: And also,

An Account of Balances in the hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the hands of the Receiver General in London, on the 5th day of January 1803 and on the 5th day of January 1804; distinguislring the Town from the Country, and also distinguislring Scotland: And also.

An

Stamps.

Lotteries.

Petition of Mr. Burgess, respecting * Liflceard Election.

Proceedings

respecting

Lirtctard

Election.

172 22° Martii. A. 1804.

An Account of the several sums of Money paid in the ,year ending 5th January 1804, into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on account of monies remitted by the Head Distributor of Stamps in Scotland; distinguishing each Duty: And also.

An Account of the Calli received and paid on account of the Lotteries, between January 5th 1803 and January 3th 1804, with the amount of the Balance in the hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties at each of the said periods.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Henry Burgess, of Curzon May

in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, on behalf of him-

l'elf and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented, complaining of a transaction, and charging gross corruption therein, in which transaction the Petitioner conceives his character, together with those of Mr. Childs, of and Mr. Dayman, the Under Sheriff of Cornwall, to be materially implicated; and the Petitioner begs leave to alfure the House, that no deception whatever ,was, or was intended to be, practised on the Under Sheriff of Cornwall, respecting the late double return for the Borough of nor could the Under Sheriff possibly have intended the least deception upon the House; and that the Petitioner and Mr. Childs twice tendered the Indenture, executed by the several Burgesses of the Borough of Ujkeard, to the Mayor for his seal and signature, and upon his refusal, they were advised to slate the t ran faction to the Under Sheriff, without altering the said Indenture in any respect, as tendered to the Mayor, and executed by the Burgesses, which Mr. Childs accordingly did, and the said Indenture was brought to the Petitioner by Mr. s Agent and the Under Sheriff’s Clerk on the Sunday night following, annexed with the other Indenture to the writ, and sealed with the Sheriff’s seal, together with a Letter, desiring the Petitioner to deliver the same to Messieurs Price and Brown, the Under Sheriff’s Agents in Town, which the Petitioner accordingly did: And therefore relying on the justice of the House, That no proceedings may be had injurious to the Petitioners, without affording them an opportunity of defending themselves.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough ot Lijkin the County of -wall;

The writ directed to the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of the Honourable John Eliot, now Lord Eliot, called up to the House Peers, was read.

And the precept made by the Under Sheriff of the said County, directed to the Mayor of the said Borough of Lijkeard, in consequence of the said writ, was also read.

And the Indenture, whereby William Esquire,

is returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough •,

And also the Indenture, whereby 'Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, is returned a Burgels to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, were ftkewife read.

Then the House was moved. That an Act, made in the loth year of His present Majesty, to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That th;' Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend the said Returr, by taking off the she the Schedule purporting to be an Indenture between the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough of Lijkeard, and the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, but which does not appear to have been executed by he said Mayor i

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William HuJkiJJon, of Eartham, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, which was, yesterday, presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday, the 9th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was' ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon Confidential the aoth day of December last, and upon the 3d day of 0, Pe'l*ion‘ this instant March, for taking into consideration, upon Liflctand8 Tuesday the 10th day of April next, the several Petitions Right of respecting the right of election for the Borough of deferred!

in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders bedischarged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th day of April next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette-, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Lijkeard.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys The Lords and Mr Harvey: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raising a further sum of Two Millions, by Loans or B*k Bill' Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Neutral Ships to revive and continue, until eight months after the Ratili- BlU* cation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and a!(b to indemnify all persons who j

have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, ’■

Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of cer- 1

tain Goods from America in Neutral Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shakfpearc j to enable John Boydell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen GalleO'Bl11-, of the City of London, and JoJiah Boydell, his Nephew j

and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold I

Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by j

way of chance; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Portraneand for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Portrane and Dona- ^MkreEifl bate, in the County of Dublin; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The ingrossed Bill, to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto,

IO Ordered,

Bill to confo lidate Voliui^ teer Acts, passed.

keeper*

till.

Hied.

mber ed to

amittee on li

nency.

(riber jtal to

mmittee on ait Duty.

oyal Assent i Bills.

44 Geo. III. 22°—23

Ordered, That Mr. Tierney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was cotnmit-ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Galway Mills be added to the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Ireland, as to its circulating Paper, its Specie, and current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom, and Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir William Pulteney be added to the Committee appointed to enquire whether any, and what difference ought to be allowed in the rate of Duty payable on Malt made from Barley, of the growth of England, and from Barley and Bigg, of the growth of Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 23° die Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii UP" Regis, 1804. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to-several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of their

Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent,the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbi (hop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hawkesbury, and the Lord Walfmgham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further sum of Two Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have beeB, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

Vol. 59.

’ Martii. 173

r An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from, Ireland; and also, for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks: An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation, into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or raanufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland:

An Act; for permitting, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in Briiifhor Irish Ships:

An Act to revive and continue, until eight months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the admission of certain articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships:

An Act to enable John Boydell, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and JoJiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called " The Gallery," by

way of chance:

An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of " London "and another Act, passed in the forty-second year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act:

An Act for paving the Footways and Cross-paths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other public passages and places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the difehatge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal:

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-second years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford^and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufhton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dublin:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Dorset:

An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding Graves, Clerk, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the will of George Golding, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Biedermann:

An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs:

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

Mr. William Clive presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Hinjlock to Nantwich aforesaid: And the fame was received; and read the first time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Y y Mr.

Whitchurch Roads Bill, presented.

174 23° MA. 1804.

JVnt^te and Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to - •»* Order, a. Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Bill1 owers of iwo Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of t,to Latchett's Bridge,

near the East end of Market and other Roads in

the said Acts described, all in the County of so far

as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

L«av« for The House was moved, That the Report which was, Notices yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Report

respecting was re-committed, which was made from the Committee,

Inclosure. to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County or Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County of Northumberland, and of several other persons interested in the Commonable Lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given on the door of the Parish Church of Simonburn, in the County of for three

Sundays in the ensuing month of April, of the present application to Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable Lands called Common

and Stannerjburn Common Fields, situate in the Barony or Manor of Wark, within the same Parish.

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir George Comewall reported from the Committee, to Hereford a whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Com- Petition, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Or- *'cPorted ders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Willerffey Turnpike Road near j Parton, to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road

on Fair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broad and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was read: And,

Mr. Edward Robson Ward being examined, laid, That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and

_ An ingrafted Bill for the better amending and repair-

Bridgnorth ing of the Road leading from the Well fide of the Bridge Road Bill, in Shiffnal to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was read

the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the title be, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the third and twenty-third years of His present M'• fty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, kod several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Clfobury An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering Mortimer and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in the 2d and Roads Bill, 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several

Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, ‘The Cross,

Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Hill, in the

Counties of Salop and W was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and W

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

B A Mr. Henderson presented to the House, according to *£5* " 86 Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and Farnworth keeping in repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in presented! ’ the Parish of Eccles,in, to, and through the Township of Worsley, to a place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bank of Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, to

Scotland Bill, whom the Bill for further increasing the Capital Stock of reported. the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act is continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.-Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, of the 22d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Turn-

pike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester: And that Sir George Comewall and Mr. Matthews do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Newark larging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads Bill, " Roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leaden- rcr°rtrd' ham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of -by Gate, in Newark-upon-Trent, and from the Guide Post at the division of Kelhamand Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Account of' to the directions of an Act of Parliament, incomr

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordi- prefaced, nary Relburces constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the year ended the 5th January 1804; distinguishing England from Scotland, and distinguishing under each head ot Revenue the Amount of the Gross Receipt; the Rate per-Centum for collecting the fame; and the Na- '

ture and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each head respectively; distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per-Centum for collecting the fame; and the Nature and Amount of the

Payments

44 Geo. III.

23° Marin.

175

Payments out of the Net Produce on each head respectively; distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th days of January 1803 and 1804 respectively, applicable to, or afifing from, the Revenue of the said year j together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th days of January 1803 and 1804 respectively; whether appropriated, or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service, between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period; together with several Appendixes; and also a duplicate of the said Account.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account, with the Appendixes, do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account,'with the Appendixes, be pointed for the Members of the House.

The said Appendixes are preserved amongst the other

Apptndix, Papers of this Session; and the Account is inserted

(No. 26.) in the Appendix to this volume.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec-import* and for General of Imports and Exports, attended at the EX?°Itrf door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

preen ’ the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of

Parliament,

An Account of the value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great Britain, for eighteen years, ending 5th January 1804, distinguishing each year, and distinguishing the value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, from the value of Foreign Articles exported j together with the difference between the official value and the declared value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, in the year ending 5th January 1804; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

Apptn£*. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 26.) this volume.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Kemp, from the ^nent Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door j he was presented. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the produce of the Permanent Taxes imposed in the years 1802 and 1803, during the years ending 5th January 1803 and 5th January 1804, distinguishing each quarter, so far as relates to the Revenue of Excise in England; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sutton An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

IacloforeB1 , §utton^ County of Gloucester, was read the third time.

Bejo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Gloucester An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, paired in the 28th year of King George the Second, 1 * and the 27 th year of His present Majesty, fb far as the same relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post, at the top of Burford Lane,in the County of , to Stow on

Vol. 59.

the Wold, and from thence to Paddle; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post,in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, fb far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post, at the top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. James Graham reported1 from the Committee, to Cumberland whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the w<^jorian<i Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Petition, Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been teport complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hejket, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from, thence by Lorton over Whinlatter, to Kefivick, in the County of Cumberland, and from Kejwick by Dunmail Rays and Ambleside,to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, and from Plumgarth's Cross near Kirby in Kendall, to the Lake called Windermere Lake, in the County of morlani, and from Kejwick to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, were read: And,

Mr. John Fisher being examined, said. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, |nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and WJlmorland: And that Mr. James Graham and Mr. John Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading innkeepers of the ingrafted Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence Bill, paired, to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Committee on solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of His present ifenufacture Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of of Ireland.’ the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Account of Balances, See. of Customs, presented.

Papers re speeing Irish Half Pay, ordered.

Papers repeating Prize Money, to be printed.

Bill to repeal Part of Property Duty Ail, ordered.

Bill to amend Irish Militia Families A6V, reported, and re-committed.

Special Report from Aylesbury Flexion Committee, further confide red.

176 * 23° MaA. 1804.

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly- . ...

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Henry Mr.

Carry, Mr. Foster, Lord Viscount , Mr. John

Latouche, and Mr. Ortnjby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Balances and Arrears due from the Collectors of the Customs in England, on the 5th day of January 1804, as far as the lame can be made up.

And then he withdrew j and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of any Orders made by His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland since the Union, affecting the Half-pay of Officers on the Irish Establishment, when employed in England.

Ordered, That the Papers presented to the House, upon the 13th day of February last, by Mr. Bond, by His Majesty’s command, respecting Lord Hood’s claim to Prize Money at Toulon, be printed for the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Selcft Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Aylesbury E eftion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Minutes of the Examination, taken before the said Committee, were read.

And the first Resolution of the Committee being read a second time j

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, " That, at the last election for the Borough of Aylesbury,in the County of Buckingham, Robert

" Bent, Esquire, was, by his agents, guilty of briber} ."

The second Resolution of the Committee was read a second time; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That such

" a notorious system of corruption was formed, and such " instances of individual acts of bribery were committed,

" previous to the said election, with a view to influence " the fame, as to render it incumbent on the Committee " to submit the same to die nioft serious consideration of " the House, in order that such proceedings may be insti-* tuted thereon as the House, in its wisdom, may think " proper to adopt."

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee was read a second time; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That James Neale and John IVilfm, both of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, and also Samuel " Cole, of Bird-street, Grosvenor-J'quare, in the County of " Middlesex, George Creed, now or late of Aylesbury aforesaid, John Rawbone, of Aylesbury aforesaid, and several " other persons, were severally and reflectively engaged in the said system of corruption

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the words " John Rawbone, of " Aylesbury aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended. That James Neale and John IVilfon,both of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, and also Samuel Cole, of Bird-street, Grosvenor-square, in the County of Middlesex, George Creed, now or late of Aylesbury aforesaid, and several other persons, were

severally and respectively engaged in the said lyftem of corruption.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Bill ordered, preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylef-bury, in the County of Buckingham: And that Sir George Cornewall, Sir John Dafhzvood King, Sir William Lemon, Mr.

Tucker Steward, Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. of

Wendover, Mr. Hammet, Sir Jacob Henry , Mr. Grenfell, Sir Hugh Inglis, Mr. John Buller, Lord OJfulston, Mr. Berkeley Portman, Sir Martin Browne Fo/kes, and Mr. Wat-kin Williams Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant for Mr. speaker the making out anew writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury, until for a new Friday, the 27th day of April next. Wnt*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Frederick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Frederick accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th day of April next.

3 . Ordered,

44 Geo. III.

23°—26° Martii.

177

13i!l to repeal part of Property Duty Att, -presented.

Committed.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deterred*

Ordered, That the said Bill-, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

- Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lance, 26° Martii;

Anno 440 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804. Prayers.

MR. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, to alter, amend, and improve the Navigation of the said River; and. for other purposes relating thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

wot Burton Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to reported?*11* w^om the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Weft Burton, in the North Riding of the County of 'York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to-Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dun

Navigation

Bill,

presented.

Acklam Inclosure Bill, pa lied.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

0

Liverpool General 7 ’arletonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging the presented. powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and \videning certain

VOL. 59.

Streets, passages, and places in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and far several other purposes in the said Act mentioned; and also, for further improving the said Town: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. <Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom Winchester

the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from reported, the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow-down, to Newtown River; and also, the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Lambeth Order, a Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Courts, presented! ’ Alleys, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Owners, Petition for and Occupiers of Land and Houses in the Parish of St. p*°ga'ion Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That many parts of the said Parish are very ill lighted and watched, and it would tend greatly to the convenience and fefety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and of all persons refarting thereto, if powers were given more effectually to light and watch the lame: And therefore praying. That provision may be made in the said Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Rujfell, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,

_at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Creevey reported from the Committee, to whom the Thetford Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of ¥ hetford Saint Inclotfuje Bll,» Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Fhetford Saint Cutk- re^or e ’ bert, and 'Thetford Saint Mary,in the Counties of Norfolk

and Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £.35. who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Owners of Estates afiefled at £.236. 2 s.who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 1,440. 17J.; and that no person

appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

2 z Ordered,.

Member

ad<led to bring in Sporle and Pul grave Iuciolure Bill.

Bill presented.

Bank of Scotland Bill, passed.

Bawtry and

Sheffield Road t'etition, reported.

Lincoln and Newark K^acts Bill, pried.

178 26° Ma . 1804.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Proprietors of Whole-year Lands, Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in thcParish of Sporle, and Hamlet of in the County of Norfolk.

'Sir Robert John Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sporle, and Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnfione do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their concurrence.

Mr. Plerrcpont reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester-, and also, an Act, passed in

the 22d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, lo far as relates to the Road leading from Bawtry to and from thence

to the place where the fame joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield, were severally read: And,

Mr. Joseph Marris being examined, said, That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, paised in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Man-chef er: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Hoads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of headenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Bara by Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of and Mujkham

Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Well fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a place called , at the top of

Leadenham Hill,in the County of Lincoln, to the Well end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County 10

of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the Well

fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir George Cornewall presented to the House, according Ayleftury to Order, a Bill for the preventing of bribery and corrup- E,e^'°n Bin, tion in the eieftion of Members to serve in Parliament for P n e ' the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday, the 16th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Treasurers of the several Counties, Retnrn of and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, do forthwith Grand jury return to this House a Statement, in conformity to the ^an^to be Order of the 2d day of February last, whether any, and made forth-what sums of money have been levied by Grand Jury With-Assessment, and paid over to any, and what Houses of In-dullry in their respective Counties, in the years 1801,

1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein.

The House being informed that Mr. Staveley, from the Annual Poll Office, attended at the door; he was called in > and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the direc- office,0 tions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of the Deputy Postmasters in Great Britain on the 5th July 1803,

10th October 1803, and 5th January 1804, respectively; distinguishing their names, and for what places, and the amount of their respective disbursements and allowances, during the quarters severally ending upon the 5th July and 10th October 1803, and 5th January 1804: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due on 5th January 1804 from the Officers of the Poll Office in Great Britain, from 5th January 1774 to 5th January 1804; distinguishing the naqies of such Officers, and in what situations they are or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Worfiey, Clerk Aeconnts of to the London Company for the manufacture of Flour, oojjfa'j,*101* Meal, and Bread, attended at the door; he was called presented.’ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies received and applied by the London Company, from the ill day of January to the 31ft: day of December 1803, inclusive, and the Debts and Credits of the Company on the said 31ft day of December: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the quantities of Wheat and Flour bought by the London Company on each day when purchases were made, and of the Prices paid for the same, from the ill day of January to the 3 til day of December

1803, inclusive; shewing also the quantities in llore, both of Grain and of Flour and Meal, on the last day of each month in the year 1803, and the quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the Company in the said year:

And also,

N° 3. A Lift of the Proprietors of the London Company for the manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread;

shewing also, the number of Shares (of £.25.) held by each, on the 31ft day of December 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

Account of piltribution of

£. 2,000,000, widered.

Annual Revenue Accounts, presented:

Trade and Navigation.

Public

Expenditure.

44 Geo. III. 2 6° Mart!!. 17

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of £. 2,000,000. for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,. '

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1804: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, and the amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September,

in the years 1802 and 1803; distinguishing Great,

Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies, as far as the fame can be prepared: And

also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated voyages, which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of England, from or to all parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1S04; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated voyages, which' entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of Scotland, from or to all parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 18045 distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound: And also,

An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th day of January 1803, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the year ending the 5th day of January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said year in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed, during the said year, have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following heads of Service:—ill. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management; the Sums applicable to its reduction; the usual Grant for the fame purpose; and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans :— zdly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills:—3dly, The Civil List:—4thly, The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund; specifying the amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice; Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties:—5thly, The Civil Government of Scotland:— 6thly, The other Payments 'in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipts; specifying the amount of those incuri*ed for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants: —7thly, The Navy; specifying the amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices; for Wages, Bounty, Flag-pay, Half-pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for the Marines; for the Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded; for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health:— 8thly, The Ordnance; specifying the amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively:— qthly, The Army; specifying the amount of Monies paid on account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Fencibles. Militia, Invalids, a*id Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half-pay; for Widows Pensions; for C Hospital; for Foreign ‘Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices; specifying also, the amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal articles thereof: — iothly, Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to VOL. 59.

them respectively -11 thly, Milcellaneous Services j specifying the amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad, respectively: And, lastly, specifying the amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Great Britain from those which belong to it with Ireland; with several Appendixes:

And also,

An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands out- Unfunded Handing on the 5th day of January 1804, under the heads ctmands of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, outiuadin^. Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other head of Public Service; specifying the fame; distinguishing under each head respectively the particulars of which such Debt or Demands consisted; and* also, what part of the said Debt or Demands, was then provided for, and in what manner, and what part thereof was unprovided for; with several Appendixes.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Appendixes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The Appendixes to the fifth of the said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account, together with the other Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this (No. 26.) volume.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart also presented to the House, Accounts, pursuant to their Orders, pretented:

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order, dated the Duty on * 19th of March 1804, for an Account of the number of PlwPerty*

" Districts from which Assessments, made in virtue of; the " Act imposing a Duty on Property, have been returned " to the Office for Taxes, Hating the Total Sum assessed—

" also, for an Account of the number of Districts from " which no such Assessments have been returned to the " said Office:" And also,

An Account of the Distribution of the Money granted Distribution by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for 2 000 000. enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of £.2,000,000. for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; inclosing,

(A.) An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.1,400,000, being part of the Sum of£.1,500,000 granted to His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, to enable His Majesty to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers

of this Session; and the said Accounts are inserted Appends, in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 28.)

A Petition of James Hyatt, Robert , and Joseph Pel'^n

Gale, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting of S * forth, That the Petitioners are Inhabitants of the Borough Election for of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, paying, or liable Chippenham, to pay, Scotland Lot there, and that on the 5th and 6th days of July 1802, an election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Chippenham, was duly had; that at the said election James Dawkins, Esquire, Charles Brooke, Esquire, and John Maitland, Esquire, were Candidates to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; that the Returning Officer of the said Borough afterwards, upon the said election, returned, that the said James Dawkins,

Esquire, and Charles Brooke, Esquire, were duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that against the return of the said Charles Brooke, Esquire, two Petitions were afterwards duly presented to the House, one on the part of John Maitland, Esquire, and the other on the part of certain Electors for the said Borough, complaining of the said return; that thereupon a Select Committee of the House was afterwards duly struck, and sworn well and truly to try the matters of the said P ctitions, and which

The Lords have agreed to

Sawtry Division and Drainage Bill.

The Lords hcive passed

Ohrly’s Nat. Bill.

Lords Amendments to Leicester Inclosure Bill, coniluered.

180

26° Ma

A. 1804.

which faitl Select Committee, on the nth day of March 1803, duly met for the purpose of trying and determining the fame; and that it appeared to the said Scleft Committee* on the hearing and trial of the said Petitions, that the merits of the said Petitions did depend upon the right of election; therefore the said Committee did require the counsel for the several parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in writing, of the right of election for which they respectively contended; and that, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the Petitioner, John Maitland', Esquire, and also for the other Petitioners

before-mentioned, delivered in a Statement, dating the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough to be in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, being Householders of, and resident in, the ancient Bur-gage-houses within the Borough of Chippenham; and that the counsel for the fitting Member, Mr. , delivered in a Statement, dating the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough to be in the Bailiff and Burgesses at large (that is to say, being Inhabitants) within th.e Borough, paying or liable to pay the Poor Rates; and that afterwards, on the 14th day of March, in the year aforesaid, the said Select Committee did determine, that the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament was in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, being Householders, and resident in the ancient Bur-gage-houses within the Borough of , which said resolution or determination was afterwards, on the 28th day of March 1803, duly reported to the House, and by the House ordered to be entered on the Journals thereof; and that the Petitioners, with all due deference to the said determination of the said Select Committee, conceive that the right of election, as let forth in the said Statement, delivered in by the counsel for the said John Maitland, Esquire, and for the several other Petitioners before-mentioned, and as determined by the said Select Committee as aforesaid, is not the right of election for the said Borough of Chippenham: And therefore praying. That the House will admit them as parties to oppose that right of election that has been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Select Committee, as aforesaid; and that the House will appoint as early a day as possible to take the premiles into consideration, and grant them such other relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of, the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That notice of the said Petition, and of the time appointed for taking the fame into consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, iu ’The London Gazette, and also font to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Chippenham, according to the directions of an Act, passed in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree, otherwise Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for naturalizing Johannes Hendrik; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester,

7

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. After " Meadow," insert, " And whereas " the King’s Most Excellent Majesty,

" in Right of His Duchy of " is Patron of the Hospital of The Holy " Trinity, in the NewarkeofLeicef ’’

1. 30. Leave out from the first " the" to " are" in 1. 32. and insert " said Hospital."

And it appearing, by the said Amendments, that His Majesty’s interest is concerned therein;

Mr. Bond (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the Kingdom. House, That His Majesty, having been informed thereof, sent gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is con- ,;

cerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Amendments were severally read a second Amendment! time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 3srced »• agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath 1

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committwoi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last property Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Con- Du£y Act. tribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruaioo, mittee. That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, for extending the times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges, made in pursuance of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported* Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, King’*

That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ^peiffn/ signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the offer* of House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members MiUtiu of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of several Regiments of Militia of Ireland, have made a voluntary tender to His Majesty of their Services, to be employed in Great Britain.

His Majesty has received, with great satisfaction, this striking proof of affection and attachment towards Hi»

Person and Government, and of patriotic zeal for the general interests of His United Kingdom, and conceiving that His being enabled to avail himself of this distinguish-cd instance of public spirit, may be attended with the

most

Committee on *e committed foil to amend Irish Militia Families Act.

Account

rt [jesting

D:i'(:olition of Grants, ordered.

Account ft ip ect ing’

Irnh Pen lions, i*c. ordered.

Smply,

d;t:icd.

bland,—

Accounts

prelenied.

Payments at stir.

I*

Wsys and

Means,

:rred.

44 Geo. III.

26—27°

181

mod important advantages at the present conjundture, He recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of Inch provisions as may be necessary for empowering His Majesty to accept the lerviccs of such parts of the Militia Forces of Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselvesto be employed in Great Britain, for such time, and to such an, extent, as to the wisdom of Parliament may seem expedient. . G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Meffhge be taken into consideration upon Wednesday next.

Consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 27° die

Anno 44° Georgii III*’1 Regis, 1804.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual support of the Families of Militia Men, might be read..

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Sums dated in the Account, of the Dif position of Grants as remaining in the Exchequer, and to be raised dating how much thereof hath been actually received, to the lated period to which the fame can be made out; and distinguishing the several heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Salaries and Pensions, charged upon the Revenue of Ireland, which have been paid at par to Persons resident in England, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said-Committee.

ng , any s

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thetford Thetford SaiHt Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and ThetfordSaint Cuthbert, and 7 ‘hetfordSaint Mary, in the ' 'pA‘e * Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be.

An Aid for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thetford Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Creevey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Owners and Part Owners of, or Petition* interested in, Fifiling Vessels, belonging to Gravesend, and ^',!t other places, in the Western division of the County of Kent: Com";6 And allb, Bill.

A Petition of several Owners and Part Owners of Fishing Gravesend Vessels in the Port of Harwich, in the County of Essex; and Harwich. Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Successors, by the name of The Marine Society Fishing Company, for increasing the supply of Fish, for advancing the objects of the Institution of The Marine Society, and for conducing and supporting the establishment of such.

Company; and setting forth, That if the fame should pass into a Law, it would materially affect' their interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, qr agents, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counlcl be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed that Air. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliiant to their Orders,

An Account of Payments made by the Government of Ireland, at par, to all Persons in and from Ireland, since the Union, distinguishing the Amount paid in each Session of Parliament, the average rate of Exchange, and the total Amount above par; letting forth the Orders under which the Payments were made at par, and a copy of the Form of such Orders; with two Appendixes: And also.

An Account of all Salaries and Pensions charged upon the Revenue of Ireland, which have been paid at par to persons resident in England, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Appendixes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Appendixes be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Appendixes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refijlve itself into a Committee of the ,whole House, to Vol. 59.

Another Petition of several Owners and Part Owners of, Gravesend or interested in, Fishing Vessels belonging to Gravesend, j^jnfaver* and other places, in the Western Division of the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of several Free Fishermen of the Fisheries of Faversham, Milton, kVhit fable, and Queenborough, in the County of Kent;

YVere alto severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That, if the fame should pass into a Law as it now stands, it would materially affect their interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to petition for whom the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, provision i« Owners, and Occupiers of Land and Houses in the Pari fir 5^5*8 ill, of St. Mary, Lambeth,in the County of Surrey, was re- reported, ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the’ House, relative to Bills for lighting and watching any City or Town, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners, finding an application to Parliament had

3 A been

Weft Burton Inck>sure Bill, pasted.

Tavistock and Plymouth Road Petition, reported.

Dalkeith Paving Bill, tommitted.

182 27* Marin, A. 1804.

been agreed upon, for a Bill for cleaning the Streets of the said Parish, immediately procured a Vestry to be convened, where it was unanimously determined to apply to Parliament for leave to have provision made in the said Bill, for power to light and watch such parts of the said Parish, the Inhabitants whereof may be willing to be rated for the fame} and it also appeared to the Committee, that, from the want of the said Parish being properly lighted and watched, many dreadful accidents have lately happened, and several daring robberies have been committed therein j and that, unless the power prayed for by the Petition can be obtained this Session, it will be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all Persons retorting to, or passing through the fame; and that the Committee had also examined the matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Evans being examined, laid. That many parts of the said Parish are very ill lighted and watched, miomuch as to be highly dangerous to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons having occasion to pass through the fame: That it would tend greatly to the convenience and safety, as well to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as of all Persons resorting thereto, if powers were given by the said Bill more effectually to light and watch such parts of the said Parish as may be deemed necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Weft Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York,

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Weft,

in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Langmead reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution three several Acts, passed in the 2d, 12th, and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the County of

Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read-the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And,

Mr. George Hunt being examined, said, That considerable sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls; and it is necessary that the said Acts, and the powers, provisions, and regulations thereof, so far as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to The Old Town Gate in Plymouth, and from Manadon Cate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, should be enlarged, amended, and explained, and the term further continued.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the The Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Langmead and Sir William Elford do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith-, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Lord Viscount Stopford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

A Bill fof amending, widening, improving, and keeping Barton Brijji in repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Pa- anil Fa, fish of Eccles, in, to, and through the Township of Worjley, wo^R"a'is to a place called Mofe's Gate, in the Township of Farn- committed, j worth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a J

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henderson,

Mr. Bradshaw, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Fiftiinj Coaj of the Bill for incorporating certain persons, and their fuc- pa"y ,!• B: :’ I

, r r ... *1 ’ put oft for,

cefiors, by the name of The Marine Society Fishing Company, fix Month., j for increasing the supply of Fish, for advancing the objects of the Institution of The Marine Society, and for conduct -ingand supporting the establishment of such Company;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words, " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now,’* stand part of the Question;

.The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUmfortheYea5,{"»^ }

Tellers for the Noes| j 38*

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words, " upon *c this day six months," be added to the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day six months.

A Petition of the Owners of Lands in the Islands of Shet- Petition of land, for themselves, and on behalf of the other Heritors and Inhabitants of the said Islands, was presented to the nunds »0r House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of Leave to these remote Islands are in a state of the utmost distress, j^ifioiObr and threatened with famine, by the almost total failure of Relief, their Corn Harvest last season; that the Harvest of 1802 having likewise failed, they were obliged, for subsistence, to purchase Grain from the main land of Scotland, and actually expended in that way upwards of £.30,000. which renders

their case now more deplorable, not being able to afford the lame means of relief on the present occasion, which will require, to the best of the Petitioners information and belief, a supply of provisions to at least as great an amount as that of the preceding year; and that the Inhabitants of these Islands depend chiefly on their Fisheries for the means of purchasing the necessary supplies to the country, but these also have failed last year; and that the Petitioners were unable to obtain His Majesty’s recommendation to the object of their Petition until the day appointed by the,

House for receiving private Petitions had elapled: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for relief.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- L;avegiven, cdmstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Owners of Lands in the Islands of Shetland, for themselves, and on behalf of the other Heritors and Inhabitants of the said Islands, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Hiley Addington (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; con- Pet-tion taining the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition; presented. and praying, That the House will be pleated to take the 10 case

Die ized by

Ireland—

Accounts

pielented*

Public

Income.

Consolidated

Fund*

Balances.

Trade and Negation*

lMV-o(ition c: Grams.

Receipts and Hues ot Trcaiu ry.

.44 Geo. 111. 27°Mar til. 183

'case of the Petitioners into immediate consideration, and do therein what flaa.il be deemed proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Se: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenue, and Extraordinary Relources, constituting the Public Income of for the year ended the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing, under each head of Revenue, the Amount- of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per for collecting the fame, and the nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the rate per-Centum for collecting the fame, and the nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances, or Bills, in the hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th of January 1803, and on the 5th of January 1S04, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenue of the said year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1803, and on the jth of January 1804, respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated, and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period; with several Appendixes: And also,

An Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January 1804; and also, of the actual Payments thereout, within the said year, and of the Total Charge thereon, in respect of the said year; specifying also the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund: And also,

An Account of the Balances due on the 5th of January 1804, ft°in the several Collectors of Customs and Excile, employed in the collection of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and now deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their names, the sums originally due, and at what time; their subsequent Payments in reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively: And also.

An Account of Calli due by deceased and dismissed Distributors of Stamps, with Payments made in reduction, in the year ending 5th January 1804: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland.on the 30th of September 1803: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the lame (including their repeated voyages) which entered inwards and cleared outwards, in the several Ports of Ireland, trom or to all parts of the world, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing and Iri/lt, and Fo-

reign Vclfifts, and the Countries from whence the said Veil'd s arrived, or to which they were bound: And also,

An Account, lhcwing how the Monies granted for the service of the year 1003, for Irelahave been di(poled of; difhr.gubhcd under the several heads, stated in Irish currency: And also,

An Abstract of the Receipts and ItTues of the Treasury in Ireland, in one year, from the 5th January 1803 to the 5th January 1804; together with the Remains.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Appendixes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Appendixes be printed for the Members of the House.

Note.—The second of the said Accounts was withdrawn on the 25th day of April, and another presented on the 91b day of May.

The Appendixes to the first of the said Accounts, and also the third and fourth Accounts, are preil-rved amongst t he other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are .,. ’

inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. A °4

The House being informed that Mr. II, A (lift- Ireland—

ant Inspector General of the Imports and Exp-ris of Ire- A^ouins land, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the p en c Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Two Books, intituled, " Imports and Exports of import-sand " land, for the year ended 5th January 1803:" And also, Exports.

A Lift of the Articles enumerated in the Book of Rates jjitof contained in an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of 40th Articles. George III. or in any other Act in force in Ireland, on the 5th January 1804, which are omitted in the Schedule of Duties reported to the House the 3d March 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Lift do iie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Books and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill to amend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to into Militia amend an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, for reportedAc ’ making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland,was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the number of ballotted Men fervingin the several Regiments of the Militia of Ireland on the 1 ft day of Novem- or i-el.md, ber 1803; distinguishing the number in each Regiment, ordered, and the times at which they were respectively ballotted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the quantity of'Wheat and Flour, Barley and and

Malt, Rye, Oats, and Oatmeal, Prease and Beans, exported exported, from, and imported into Great Britain, distinguishing orde'red-England from Scotland, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1S04, and of the Bounties and Drawbacks, and of all Duties paid thereupon; and also, an Account of all Bounties paid on the Importation of Wheat,

Flour, Barley, Rye, and Bye Flour, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1S03, respectively.

The other Order of the day being read; ,

The ingrafted Bill to repeal so much of an Act, pasted Bill to repeal in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Ma- °rfty jesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Pro- u,1ty Aa, sessions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, p^lcd. and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities, was read the third time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and.

Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities, and to extend the times for hearing Appeals on Assessments, or Surcharges, made ip pursuance of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Petition to

amend Kirkheaton inclosure A&, reported.

184

28° Marta.

A. 1804.

i Mercurii, 28° die Martii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

Mil. Henry Lajcelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of 'John of Kirkheaton,

in the West Riding of the County of Clerk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, paded in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County* of York, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township, and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open and uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township, was read: And,

The Reverend John Sunderland being examined, said, That he had been appointed by the said Act cne of the Commissioners for executing the lame, and that he had acted as such; and he produced to Your Committee,

The original Resolutions entered into by the Rector and -Land Owners of the said TownQiip of Kirkheaton, at a Meeting held on the 8th of March 1798: and also produced the original Agreement, founded upon the said Resolutions, a copy of which Resolutions and Agreement are hereunto annexed, by way of Appendix, No. 1. and No. 2.

And the Witness being further examined, said. That by the Resolutions and Agreement above-mentioned, it was agreed, that the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Kirkheaton, should have an Allotment or Allotments of Land, part of the Lands intended to be comprized in the said Act, of . the annual value of One hundred and Ten Guineas, as a compensation for, and in lieu of all Tythes, both great and final], e>/cept as therein mentioned, arising as well within and throughout the uninclosed Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, by the said Act intended to be divided and inclosed, as within and throughout the ancient Inclosures, and all other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises within the said Township of Kirkheaton, and the said Allotment by way of compensation, so to be made as aforesaid, is by the said Agreement ftipu-lated and agreed by the parties thereto, to be of the annual value above-mentioned, exempted from every expence whatsoever; and that pursuant and in conformity so the said Agreement, a specific allotment of Land situate within the said Township, was by the said Act set out for and vested in the Rector, such Allotment having been ascertained and determined by the Commissioners named in and appointed by the said Act, to be of the annual value of 110 Guineas, and no more: That from the commencement of the business he was conlulted by Mr. Smilhfon, the R.eftor; that lie attended with him at the Meeting which was held of the principal Proprietors, to consider of the pro-poled inclosure, and he wrote with his own hand the Re-lolutions which the Proprietors at that Meeting entered into: That, as Mr. Smithjon s zdvifer, he is perfectly certain it was his intention, that, if an Inclosure did take place, Mr. Smithjon should have his compensation in Land to the

value expressed in the Kdolutions, and to his certain knowledge, it was meant and understood by all the parties concerned, that Mr.. Smithjon was not to be at any expence whatever relating to the inclosure, either incurred before or to be incurred after an Act should be obtained for effecting it: That the Commons to be inclosed consist of about 200 acres: That one of the principal objects of the Inclosure was to get rid of the Tythes upon the old and newly

to be inclosed Estates in the Township, and, to efieft such exoneration, an adequate portion or the Common was to be allotted to Mr. Smithjon-, the consequence was, that after a part, amounting to 78 acres, was fold for raising money to defray the expences of the Act, 11 7 acres or thereabouts, out of the remaining 122 acres, were allotted to Mr. -Jon as his compensation, and the quantity fold not having produced money sufficient to make the Roads, and pay the other expences, the two other Commissioners, contrary to the Witness’s opinion, as the third Commissioner, proceeded to make a Rate on the persons to whom the Lands inclosed under the Act were allotted, thereby endeavouring to make Mr. Smithjon liable to defray part of the expences of executing the Act, completely contradictory to the terms of the Resolutions understood and acknowledged by all the parties; the consequence was, that of the lum of 952 and upwards, found requisite to defray the expence of making the Roads under the authority of the said Act, £.898 would fall on Mr. Smithjon, the Rector, he having become, by the means above-ment ioned,the principal holder of l'uch newly allotted Land, the relult of which would be, that instead of being benefited by taking Land in lieu of his Tythes, or ever getting a bare equivalent for them, he inuft be alofer to a grievous and ruinous extent, inasmuch that either £.898 of the Rector’s money mull be funk, or he would have to pay £.45 per annum, by way of Interest, which would be within Two Pounds per annum, the whole amount of the value of the addition made to the Living by the Inclosure.

Appendix, No. 1.

At a Meeting holden at Church Style, in Kirkheaton, by the Rector and the principal Freeholders, the 8th day of March 1798, it was agreed by the underwritten Persons,

lit. That in lieu of all Tythes (Woods, Surplice Fees, Tomb or Grave Hones, Ealtcr Dues and Mortuaries excepted) there shall be an Allotment or Allotments of Land upon Heajon Moor, Nor-Moor, and Colne Bridge Bank, to the amount of no Guineas Mr.

Beaumont, General Bernard, and Mr. Ingham, to be

responsible for the said Allotments for 21 years, at the said rental.

The Rector to have the appointment of one Commissioner; the Freeholders to be at the expence of all the fences, both external and internal.

To receive also his proportion in consideration of the Glebe.

The Rector to be exempted from every expence whatsoever.

2d. That the Lord of the Manor reserve to himfrif the Coal, making satisfaction for damage done.

Also, the power of getting Stone lor his own use.

The Lord of the Manor gives up his right, as Lord of the Manor, to any claim upon the said Commons.

That if the Lord of the Manor does get Stone for sale, he shall make compensation for the fame, after the rate of one Shilling per yard.

3d. That the Town Fields be inclosed, and Exchanges made by the Commissioners, so as to lay the several Land? together, quantity and quality considered, in order to accommodate the respective Proprietors.

4th. That all Encroachments upon the Waste Lands within the last twenty years, be deemed part of the said Common Lands.

J. Smithjon, Rector.

Geo. Bernard, for R. H. Beaumont,

Geo. Bernard.

Lucas Nicho/Jon, for J. S. Kaye, Esquire, subject to his approbation.

Charles Brooke.

Jas Fcjler.

John Sykes.

Robert Smith.

Jojlma Ingham.

<Thos Dutton.

Appendix, No. 2.

We whose names are hereunto subscribed, and seals affixed, being the Lord of the Manor, Rector, and Freeholders of the Township of Kirkheaton, in the County of

York,

44 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 185

York, do hereby for Ourselves fevefally and respectively, and for our several and respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, mutually and reciprocally covenant, promise, and agree to and with each other in manner following; that is to lay. That it shall be, and is hereby referred to the Reverend Sunderland, Mr. Joshua

Ingham, and Mr. John Sutcliffe, or any two of them, to •(certain and determine the quantity and value of the Commons and Waste Grounds to be set out, allotted, and awarded to the Reverend John Smithson, Clerk, as Rector of Kirkheaton aforesaid, upon the intended Inclosure there, in lieu of his Reftorial and Vicarial Tythes (as expressed in the signed Resolutions concerning the said Inclosure) and also to exchange and allot the respective Lands in the . Town Fields there, so as to render them more commo-

dious to the respective Proprietors of the fame, quantity and quality considered; and that the said John Joshua Ingham, and John Sutcliffe, shall be appointed Commissioners for setting out, allotting, and awarding the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Town Fields, in such manner as they or any two of them shall by their Award order and direct: And also, that we will on our respective parts, abide by and perform such Award as they the said John Sunderland, Joshua , and John Sutcliffe, or any

two of them, shall make concerning the premises, so as the said Award be made as aforesaid on or before the first day of March next; and that immediately after the execution I thereof, application shall be made to Parliament for an.

i Act to confirm the said Award and Inclosure.—As witness

i our hands and seals, the twenty-sixth day of November', in

1 the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

I ninety-eight.

; Signed, sealed, and delivered (being first"

duly damped) by George John

’ Smithson, Joshua Ingham, Charles Brooke,

Thomas Dutton, John Beaumont, and \

Fofter, in the presence of (

Joseph Wat Jon, 1

John Sunderland. J

R. H. Beaumont, (L.S.)

Geo. Bernard, (l.s.)

John Smithson, Rector (L.S.)

Joshua Ingham, (l. s.)

Chat Brooke, ?L.S.)

Thd Dutton, (L.S.)

John Beaumont, (L.S.)

James Foster, (l. s.)

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend kn Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Knaref- _ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the borough Writ, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of James Hare, Esquire, deceased.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Botham. have agreed to Mr. Speaker,

Lawful The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act * * to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing

the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine} to the permitting Vol. 59.

Sir William BJhop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry

on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sugar Ware-to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of ^Expfrbg* March one thousand eight hundred and seven, lb much of. Law.) an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wigan an4 to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the

Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tottington for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Tottington, in the inclosure Bill, Parish of Leominjltr, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Goring for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County I"'*0"*"8®* of Sussex; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

Extraordinaire1* ries of

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster Presente"» General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th December

1802.to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 29.)

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the A5®2f.nt Treasury, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at Dilution the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, of Grant*,

A particular Account of the Sums stated in the Account Presented-of the Disposition of Grants as remaining in the Exchequer, and to be raised; Hating how much thereof hath been actually received, to the latest period to which the lame can be made out, and distinguishing the several heads.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancajkire presented to the House, Stockport according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport to Saxon's Lane v End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of Chester and York .- And the fame was received 1 and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Alii Hants of London the Company of Bakers of the City of London, and the p^"n for Trade at large, inhabiting the said City and the Liberties Leave to thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Price and Assize of Bread, made and fold within the City of London, and the limits before described, is at present regulated by an Act passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty; and that previous to the passing of the said Act, the Price and Assize of Bread was regulated by an Act of the 31st of his late Majesty, by which the Petitioners were allowed a certain sum for the baking of a Quarter of Wheat, according to a Table annexed to the Act; but, there being no Table for Flour annexed to the said Act, the Magistrates were required, in setting the Assize, to have respect to the Price 3 B which

Leave given.

Petition

presented.

Bra tied Rectory Bill, committed.

Worcester and Birminrjharp Canal Petition, reported,

186 . 28° Martli. A. 1804.

which it should bear in the public Market in or near the place where such Assize should be set; and that this allowance continued the fame until 1797, notwithstanding the great decrease in the value of money, and other circumstances, added to the frequent hardship and loss the Petitioners sustained by having the Assize set from Wheat, in which they no longer dealt, instead of Flour, which causes operated to the almost total ruin of the trade; but in that year the Legislature, taking their case into consideration, passed the said Act of the 37th year of His present Majesty, whereby the allowance to the Petitioners for baking a Quarter of Wheat is increased, and columns are added to the Table, by which the Assize may be set from Flour, and it is made optional to the Magistrates to set it either from Wheat or Flour; and that an additional Duty was laid upon Salt, by an Act of the 38th of His present Majesty, in consequence of which, by another Act, made in the same year, an additional allowance was made to the Petitioners, so long as the said Duty should last; and that lince the passing of these Acts, every article used in the Baking Trade has sustained a mod rapid and heavy advance; and that the profit to the Baker being thus materially diminished, and, at the same time, the expences of himself and family increased by the advanced price of all the necessaries of Life, Taxes, House Rent, &c. the Petitioners are compelled to apply to the House for a further increase of their allowance, which will oniy give them that fair profit at present intended to be secured to them by the Assize Laws; and that the Petitioners did not present their Petition for leave to bring in a Bill to give them relief in the premises within the time limited by the Orders of the House, as they conceived the fame would have been deemed a Public Bill; but they have been lince given to understand that it is considered a Private Bill: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances let forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several persons, was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill further to amend the said Act, passed in the 37 th year of His present Majesty, by adding one Half an Assize to the Petitioners present allowance for the making and baking of Bread.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William , Mr.

Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the lteftory of Brafted, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the property of the Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of Brajled aforesaid, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. John Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the Iloule, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 6

Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the 31ft and 38th years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to 1

the City of Worcesler, weie levcrally read: And, \

Wiifon Aylefoury Roberts, Esquire, being examined, said.

That the Petitioners have made and completed a considerable part of the said Canal, in the execution of which they have expended nearly tire whole-of the money

they were authorized to railc, and have incurred debts to a j

large amount, and a great part of the said Canal Navi- 1

cation and Works full remain unfinished; and that the Petitioners have found it impracticable to rail'e the money authorized by the Act of the 38th of His present Majesty, in the manner- therein prescribed, which ium is requisite to enable them to discharge their said debts, and finish the said Canal Navigation, and to make the Rclcrvoirs and other works directed to be executed; and that in order to enable the Petitioners to make and complete the several works before mentioned, it is necessary they should be furnished with further and other powers for raising the money that will be requisite for those purpoics; and that the powers and provisions of the said Acts, are, in other respects, defective and insufficient; and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, and enlarged: Then,

Benjamin Parker, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That leave be given to brir.g in a Bill for enabling the Company ol Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation; and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation: And that Mr. Andrews, Mr. Jer-voife Clarke Jervolfe, and Mr. Joseph , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Henry Fellowes reported from ^the Com- Rsmfey, mittee, to whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 12 acres, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Bill consists of 1,023 acres, or thereabouts; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clei k’s-Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed t 0by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for providing, in the Parish of Saint Saint Fanca* Patterns, in the County of Middlesex, a certain number of ^crdB"1’ Directors, participating in the powers and functions of the 1 office of Overseers of the Poor, and forming, together with them and the Churchwardens and Vicar of the said Parish for the time being, one united and leleft body, for the better and more ealy governing, maintaining, and employing the said poor; for erecting a new Workhouse so; the use of the said Parish, or purchasing ground or buildings suitable to that purpose, and providing for the expence of such purchase and of such new building; and for rendering more productive the collection of the Poor Rates in the said Parish, and for other purposes, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of

Middlesex;

©hrly’s S»at. Bill,

cad.

raviftockand

Plymouth voads Bill, >reienteil.

Petition from Essex,

relpetting the Corn Laws, &c.

Jterx)rt from

MiiHlefex Ei irion Committee, fur Leave to adjourn.

Mve for

kriccA

t.pefting

ambcth

Letts.

e^ort of to amend Mo Militia lilies Act, it her Mdered.

44 Geo. III.

Middlesex; for providing a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Burdett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing 'Johannes Hendrik Ohrly, was read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Langmead presented to the Mouse, according to

Order, a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Mana don Gate to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon: And the fame was received •, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Land Owners, Land Occupiers, and Maltsters, of the County of was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the present operation of the Corn Laws, combined with certain other causes, to which the Petitioners intreat the attention of the House, is likely to affect materially the agriculture of the Kingdom, and has already occasioned to the Petitioners very considerable injury; and that the provisions of the last Corn Act, of the 31st of His Majesty’s Reign, are wholly unsuited to the present times; and that the late very heavy additional Duties on Malt and Beer have, in a great mea-l'ure, decreased the consumption of Barley, and thereby materially contributed to the extreme reduction of the price thereof: And therefore praying. That the Corn Act, of the 31st of His Majesty, may be revised and altered, and such a system of permanent Laws established, as shall afford protection and encouragement to the agriculture and cultivation of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Marsham,from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middlesex, informed the House, That the counsel for the several parties had Rated to the Committee, that, if the Committee should obtain leave from the House to adjourn for some days during the Easter Holidays, no additional expence would be incurred; but that such adjournment might be of great convenience to the parties in the further hearing of the merits of their Petitions; and that the Committee (which will, Tommorrow, have fat eight weeks) are desirous of adjourning for some days, and had therefore directed him to move the House, That they might have leave to adjourn from the rising of the Committee Tommorrow, till Monday, the 9th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

The House was moved, That the Report which was, yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Owners,'and Occupiers of Land and Houses in the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Surrey, and also three times in some one Newspapej* printed or circulated in the said County, in the month of April next, of the application to Parliament for lighting and watching certain parts of the Parish of Mary,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland, was re-committed, be jiow read.

Vol. 59.

187

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into fop. ther consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-agreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hiley Addington reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the mod speedy and effectual mode of adjusting such differences as may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House; and to whom the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee on the Petitions, presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the several proceedings of the House, or of any Committee thereof, in the same Session, relating to the Cotton Manufacture, were severally referred; and who were instrufted to consider of proper mealiires to be taken for preventing such differences, and to report the several matters referred to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read 'the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee having perused and considered the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for settling disputes that may arise between Masters and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that " part of Great Britain called ,"were referred j and

having taking into their consideration the Bill for amending the said Act, which was presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, for the more effectually settling such disputes, have come to the following Resolutiofts:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Act of the 39th and 4.0th year of His present Majesty, for settling disputes between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England, has not produced the good effects that were expected from it.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the principle and object of the said Act was the establishment ofa ftiort, summary, impartial, and competent Tribunal, for the determination of all disputes arising between Masters and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture, respecting. the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the power given by the said Act to Masters and Workmen respectively to nominate persons to hear and determine disputes arising between them, respecting the said Manufacture, has been productive of great inconveniences and delay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that so much of the said Act, of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as empowers the Masters and Workmen, in case of such disputes, respectively to nominate persons to hear and determine such disputes, should be repealed, and that in lieu thereof, it should be provided, that in cases of disputes between Masters and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture respecting such Manufacture, any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, Division, or Place, wherein such dispute may arise, shall be empowered and required to hear, and finally determine, such dispute, if the parties to such dispute shall, by writing, under their hands, so require; and if they (halt not so require, then that such Justice shall forthwith nominate four impartial persons, residing in or near to the place where such dispute shall have arilen, two of whom shall be Masters, or Agents or Foremen of Masters, and the other two Workmen, from and out of which persons so nominated

28 'MartlL

Reoort from

Committee

respecting

Cotton

Manufacture*

Account of Duties on Imports, See. in the Isle of Man, ordered*

Member* added to Committee on Malt Duty.

Petition of Mr. Sheridan, refbefting Liskeard Election.

188

28* Martii.

A. 1804.

nated the Matter and Workman shall and may severally chute or.e; which persons, (o chosen, shall have- power to hear and finally determine such dispute.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee (although they are aware of the caution which is requisite in the application of Legislative Regulations to internal arrangements in the concerns of Trade or Manufacture) That it is expedient, in the present circumstances, with a view to prevent, as far as may be possible, any disputes arising between Matters and Workmen engaged in the above Manufacture, to provide, that with every piece of work hereafter to be delivered out by, or on behalf of, any Matter to any Workman engaged therein, there shall be given, by the person delivering out the same to such Workman, if required by such Workman, a Ticket, signed by the person delivering out the fame, dating the quantity of the materials delivered out, the nature of the work to be done, and the price or terms agreed upon for the executing such work in a workmanlike manner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the expences which may be incurred in the determination of such disputes, should be limited by (ome specific Regulations.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-(ideration upon Monday, the 9th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be lajd before this House, an Account of the Amount of Duties received within the Ports of the Isle of Man upon Imports and Exports, between the iftof January 1798 and the ift of January 1804, distinguishing the Amount of each year; together with an Account of all Sums paid out of the Duties so received for Salaries, Bounties, Buildings, or otherwise; together with the Amount of Balance of Surplus Revenue up to the ift of January 1798.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Kinnaird, and Sir William Erskine, be added to the Committee appointed to enquire whether any, and what difference, ought to be allowed in the Rate of Duty payable on Malt made from Barley of the growth of England, and from Barley and Bigg of the growth of Scotland; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition, of Thomas Sheridan Esquire, was delivered

in' at the Table, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner and William Hujkijfon, Esquire, were Candidates, and that a majority of the Persons entitled to vote at the said election duly tendered to the Mayor of the said Borough (who called himself the Returning Officer) their votes for the Petitioner at such election, the greater part of which votes the said Mayor took upon himself, without lawful cause, to disallow and reject, and has unwarrantably returned to the Sheriff of the said County of Cornivall, the said William Hujkijfon as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and the said Sheriff hath accepted and annexed the said Return to his Writ of Election, and hath transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, by which means a double Return has been made for the said Borough, when the Petitioner, as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, ought to have been alone returned: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration; and to grant him such relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday, the 23d day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made-for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary. by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for taking into consideration upon Monday, the 9th day of April next, the Petition of William Hujkijfon, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Lijkeard, be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Papers presented to the House, upon the 13*h day of February last, by Mr. Bond (by His Majesty’s command) respecting Lord Hood's claim to Prize Money at 'Toulon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported (rom the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That- the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday (evennight, the 6th day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of Monday last.

And the said Message was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; to allure His Majesty that we participate in the (atisfaClion which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to express at the striking proof of affection and attachment to His Majesty’s Person and Government, and of patriotic zeal for the general interests of the United Kingdom, displayed by the Officers, non-commissioned Officers, and Privates of those regiments of the Militia of Ireland, who have made a voluntary offer of their services to be employed in Great Britain; and that, fully imprelfed with the advantages of which this distinguistied instance of public spirit may be productive at this important conjuncture, we will proceed to the consideration of such provisions as may be necessary for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of the Militia Forces of Ireland as may voluntarily otter themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the words " to be employed in Great Britain," to the end of the Question; and inlerting the words, " and that we wiil, without delay, take the * feme into our serious consideration."

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; to allure His Majesty that we participate in the facisfaction which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to express at the striking proof of affection and attachment to His Majesty’s Person and Government, and of patriotic zeal for the general interests

of

Motion. respectingMr. Huikifibn't Pet ition* (N^f.)

Committee of Supply,

Piper*

respecting* f Prize Money, referred.

King’* Message respecting Irish Miliri^ considered.

Address

thereupon*

44 Geo. III.

28°—29° Martii.

189

31 for ccptine fftrr* of ifh Militia, rdcred.

Bill to

uerncQt the

Militia of

Ireland,

•rdered.

Bill to fofpend part of Military Force Acts, ordered.

Way* and Means, deferred.

of the United Kingdom, displayed by the Officers, non-commissioned Officers, and Privates of those regiments of the Militia of Ireland,who have made a voluntary offer of

their services to be employed in Great Britain; and that, fully imprefied with the advantages of which this distinguished instance of public spirit may be productive at this important conjuncture, we will proceed to the consideration of such provisions as may be necessary for empowering His Majesty, fora time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of the Militia Forces of Ireland as may voluntarily offer thetaselves to be employed in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of His Militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary Torke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord VII'count Cajile-reagh, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited: And that Mr. Secretary Torke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That three several A efts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous piofecution of the War, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of the said Acts as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot, under certain Regulations: And that Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Corry, Mr. Secretary at War, and General Maitland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday sevennight, the 6th day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Montgomery^ the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain sums of money, decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Estates of George,

Esquire, a Lunatic, in the Counties of Cavan and Fermanagh, in Ireland, by sale of the Inheritance of a competent part of the said Estates, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr.

Henry Alexander, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Steele reported to the House, That their Address of Answer to yesterday (returning His Majesty the Thanks of this House A<Jdr* for His most gracious Message of Monday last) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the lame very graciously.

Jovis, 29° die Martii;

Anno 44* Georgii III'" Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

West India Decks Roods

MR. Migrant reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the term and powers uiii, reported. an made in the 42d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the lfle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also, for making, maintaining, watch.ing, lighting, and watering, several new collateral branches to communicate with the India and London Docks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 59.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the powers Pengate of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from j^dge"'* Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, to Latchett's Bridge, near Roa.*Bill, the East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the codunitted.

laid Acts described, all in the County of JVilts, lo far as said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Mr. Eft court. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe be added Member to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, for continuing the term, and altering and en- Hereford and larging the powers of an Act of the a 2d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willerfiey Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe presented to the House, Ell according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and rtead thefirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Charles Laurence Dundas reported from the Com- Petition of ' mittee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Lands in the Islands of Shetland, for themselves, and on behalf of island*,*0 the other Heritors and Inhabitants of the said Islands, was reported, referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matter of the said Petition: To prove the Allegations whereof,

Mr. John Scott being examined, said. That he is a resident in the Island of Valey, about 20 miles from Lerwick; he was there during the last fealbn; that the last Harvest was very unfavourable, owing to bad weather; that Seed was imported from Berwick, and feme from the North Country also, but neither answered; that the Population of the Shetland Islands is from ao to 22,000; that the expence of the Meal and Bear imported last season, ’ amounted to more than £.30,000; that the Harvest of 1802 was a very indifferent one; that the Ftlhery affords a great supply for the Island, and the Fishery of 1802, as well as that of 1803, was unfavourable; that the Inhabitants live on Oatmeal, Milk, and Fish; that great quantities of Cattle were fold last year to purchase Crain, whereby a great quantity of Land was laid waste on account of the Cattle being so disposed of; that he only knows ol one life being loft on account of scarcity, but as the season advances, the scarcity will be more alarming; that Seed will

3C be

190 29° Alar til. 1804.

Bill to amend Kirkheaton Inclosure A<5V, p re fen ted.

Rllefmere Railway Bill, committed.

Member added to bring in Cailby

inclosure Bill.

Bill,

presented.

Whitchurch Roads Bill, committed.

Cumberland

and Westmortand Roads Bill, presented.

Bawiry and Midfield Road Bill, -presented.

be wanted, and if not sent soon will be too late to be Town for the Harvest; that the Seed is put into the ground in April and May; that they have no Barley, and they fow Bigg in May; that if no relief is given, many lives will be loft; that the relief afforded by Government, which arrived . in the middle of January last, saved the lives of many Persons; that he contributed last year, four years income to the necessities of the island, and that the Contributions of the island in general were not less; that the supply in 1784 was sent in money, and was of great service; that the distreffes now are much greater than in 1784; the people were then in a better condition, having had several good years; but, by the great exertions made last year, on account of the failure of the Crop and Fishery, the Funds for their relief are exhausted.—And the Witness added. That the Seed Potatoes are very scarce, and that if some Were sent, it would be of great service.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing, and leafing certain Common Moors and Weste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a second time;

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal,’at or near the Aqueduct at Pontcyfylltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir WatkinWilliams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cufl be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Brownlozv Lord Brozvnlow, and the humble Petition of several other. Proprietors of Open Field Land and Old inclosures within the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Cufl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an IntercommOn or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwichand and from Hinjlock to Nantwich aforesaid, wasl read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Andrezvs, . Mr. Cholmondeky,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockennoulh, and other' Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland:And the fame was received; and read

the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late 4

Majesty, and in the lad year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Bazvtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth, That at the last election of a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, Joint Manners, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and the said John Manners was returned; and that the said John Manners was not, at the time of the said last election, and the return thereon, nor at the time of taking his feat, seised of or entitled to such an estate, in law or equity, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as is by Law required to qualify him to serve in Parliament as a Burgess for the said Borough, and therefore was ineligible, and could not legally take his.feat as such Burgess; and that on or about the 5th of April, in the year 1803, an election was had of two Members to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, at which election Sir William Manners, Baronet, and the said John,

Charles Brooke, Esquire, and William Webb, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said Borough, and the said Sir William Manners and Charles Brooke were returned, and a Petition was afterwards presented to the House by the said William Webb, complaining and alledging that the said Sir William Manners and the said John Manners had, by themselves or their agents, been guilty of bribery and treating, and other illegal and unwarrantable practices, at the said election, and the matter of such Petition was referred to a Select Committee of the House; who, after hearing Evidence in support of such Allegations, determined, and reported to the House, that the said Sir William Manners had, by himself and his agents, been guilty of such briber}', and that the said return was void, as to the feat of the said Sir William Manners', in consequence whereof a new Writ issued to fill such vacant feat, and the said last election took place, under and by virtue of such new Writ, on the 16th day of this instant March; and that in fact, the said John Manners being such Candidate as aforesaid at the said election, so immediately preceding the said last election, did before, and at and during such preceding election, by himself, his agents, and others, on his behalf, by money, presents, gifts, and rewards, made and given to the Electors of the Borough, and by promises, agreements, and engagements and ie-curities, to give and allow money, presents, and rewards, to such Electors, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, the said Electors to give their votes at the said election for him the said Manners, and to forbear to give their votes for the said Charles Brooke and the said William Webb, in order that he the said Manners might be elected as a Member for the said Borough, in violation of the Statute in that behalf made in the Laws and Rights of Election; and that, in fast, the said John Manners being such Candidate as aforesaid at the said election so immediately preceding the said last election, did before, and at, and during such election, by himself and his agents, and others on Ins behalf, by meat, drink, provision, and entertainment, given and allowed to divers Electors of the said Borough, and by promiles and engagements to give and allow meat, drink, entertainment* and provision, to such Electors, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, the said Electors to give their votes at the said election for him the said John Manners, in order that he might be elected as a Member for the said Borough, in violation of the Statute in that behalf made, and the Laws and Rights of Election; and that the said John Manners, by reason of the aforesaid illegal practices, and by virtue of the Laws and Usage of Parliament, and, in particular, by virtue of the Statute of King William in that behalf made, became and wfas disabled and ineligible as a Candidate for the said Borough at the last election, and could not legally be returned for the fame; and that the said John Manners did before, and at

and

Ilchester Elation— Petition of Mr. Og’t,

44 Geo. III. 29°

191

and during the last election for the said Borough, by himself and. his agents, and others on his behalf, by money, presents, gifts, and rewards, made and given to divers Electors of the said Borough, and by 'promiles, agreements, engagements, and securities, to give and allow money, presents, and rewards, to such Electors, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, the said Electors to give their votes at the said election for him the said John Manners, and to forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, in order that he the said John Manners might be elected as a Member for the said Borough; and that the said John Manners did, before, and at and during the last election for the said Borough, by himself and his agents, and others on his behalf, by meat, drink, provision, and entertainment, given and allowed to divers Electors of the said Borough, and by promises and engagements to give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provision to such Electors, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, the said Electors to give their votes at the said election for him the said John,

in order that he might be returned as a Member for the said Borough; and that Clement Poole, who acted as the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough at the last election, was, at and before, and during the said election guilty of gross and corrupt partiality in favour of the said John Manners, and did personally canvass and solicit votes for him, and did knowingly and corruptly admit many persons to vote for him who had no right to vote at the said election; and did knowingly and corruptly reject the votes of many persons who had a right to vote at the said election, and who claimed to vote, and tendered their votes, in favour of the Petitioner; and did re-fule to hear evidence and objections which were offered and proposed to him against the votes of many persons having no right to vote, but who voted for the said John Manners1, and did refuse to hear evidence and reasons which were offered and proposed to be shewn to him in support of the votes of many persons who had a' right to vote, and who tendered their votes for the Petitioner; and that on the day of the said last election the poll began at ten o’clock in the forenoon, and it was mutually understood and agreed, by and between the said John Manners and the Petitioner, that the polling should ceale at the hour of five of the clock on the said day, and should be adjourned until ten of the clock of the ensuing day; and which agreement was Hated and made known to the said Clement Poole, notwithstanding which agreement, arid without the consent of the Petitioner, and against a remonstrance and requisition made to him by the Petitioner, the said Clement Poole caused the poll to be continued, and kept open until after the hour of eight of the clock on the said n giit, when he infiited upon finally closing, and did, in fact, finally close the said poll, and declare the election at an end, and immediately signed the Return of the said John Manners, notwithstanding a remonstrance and protest made to him by the Petitioner against the illegality of such proceeding; and that by such illegal proceedings, the Petitioner was deprived of the opportunity of polling many persons who had a right to vote, and who meant and intended to vote for the Petitioner, and would have voted for him if the poll had been opened on the said ensuing day, as it ought to have been; and that by the aforesaid corrupt, undue, and illegal practices, and by various other corrupt and undue means, a colourable majority of votes on the poil at the said election was obtained by the said John Manners over the Petitioner; and the said Clement Poole did illegally return the said John Manners as the Member duly cleifted to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner had an Undoubted majority of legal and.uncorrupted votes at the said election, and ought to have been returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Eoroueh: And

• o

therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or hfs counlel, upon the matter of tins his Petition against the said Return, and that the I Ionic will take the pre-miles into consideration, and grant to the Petitioner such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 19th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Yol. 59.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former cases, w'ere sent to the parties, accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by them-lelves, their counsel or agents, at the time on which the said Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant," or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the -hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries Solway . in the Water of Solway, otherwise called Solway Frith, and p^tion^r in the Rivers of Eden Ejhe, and Annan, communicating Leave to therewith, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Statute Law of Scotland, all Cruives,

.Zaires, and Fish Dams, within salt water, where the tide ebbs and flows, are ordained to be utterly destroyed and put down, and all Cruives and Zaires that are let upon sands and (hoals far within the water, be destroyed and put away for ever, excepting the Cruives and Zaires being upon the Water of Solzuay, which, at the time of making the aforesaid Laws, was the March between the two independent Kingdoms of England and Scotland; and that the said Fisheries were formerly of great value to the Owners and Occupiers of the fame, and of much public utility, but have become gradually less productive by the erection of Cruives, Zaires, Fish Yards, Chamber Nets, and other engines and devices formerly not practised or known in these parts; and also by the great destruction of breeding Salmon, Kepper, and Sheddar Salmon, Gilfes,

•Trouts, and Whitings, otherwise Hidings, and of the Fry

• or young Brood thereof, whereby the said Fisheries have •been rendered and are become altogether unprofitable; and

nearly ufeiefs, to the great hurt and prejudice of the Public, as well as of the Individuals interested therein; and that ' owing to the great distance the Petitioners, and the several other persons interested in the said Fisheries, reside from each other, and the variety of information necessary to be collected respecting the erection of the engines and devices before-mentioned, and the best mode-of protecting the said Fisheries, the Petitioners, and the several other persons interested therein, were not enabled to present a Petition to the House, praying for leave to bring in a Bill to remedy the abuses aforesaid, until the time limited'by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; and that it will be a great inconvenience and prejudice to the Petitioners, as well as to the Public, if leave be not given

• to present a Petition to the House, to remedy the abuses

• aforesaid in the present Session: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- Leave given, stances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several persons was presented Petit:on to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations Prese,ltuL ' as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given toTring in a Bill to remedy the abuses aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James Graham, Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes, Mr. Rdert

Fellowes, and Mr. Eyre, be added to the Committee, ap- committee on pointed to enquire whether any, and what difference ought Malt Duty, to be allowed in the Rate of Duty payable on Malt made from Barley, of the growth of England, and from Barley and Bigg, of the growth of Scotland; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Select Com- Report from mittee, appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s

Jfftudix.

(No. 30.)

Declaration of Mr. Sheridan not to defend his Return*

Debate on

Motion respecting Mr. HutkifTon's Petition, adjourned*

Bill for accepting Offers of Irish Militia, presented.

Bill to

augment the Militia of Ireland, p relented.

192

29" Martii.

A. 1804.

Majesty’s Civil List Revenue, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and to whom the several Accounts, which were presented to the House, upon the 12th day of this instant March, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) relating to His Majesty’s Civil List, were referred} That the Committee had considered the matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report and Appendix are inserted in the Appendixto this volume.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Declaration in writing, subscribed by Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, who is returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, That he, the said Thomas did

not intend to defend his return for the said Borough.

And the said Declaration being delivered in at the Table, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" To the Right honourable The Speaker of the House " of Commons.

* I Thomas Sheridan, of George-street,

Esquire, having been returned by the Sheriff of Cornwall, a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Liskeard, in the said County of Cornwall, together with William Hujkijfon, Esquire, who has petition-

ed against the return of the said Sheriff, and which Petition has been referred to a Committee by this House, do hereby give notice, that it is not my intention to defend the said Return so made by the Sheriff of me, but to rely upon the merits stated and infilled upon in and by my Petition presented to this House: And I deliver this as my Declaration in writing, pursuant to the Act of the 28th of His present Majesty.

" George-street,

" Mar. 29th 1804. Tho' Sheridan."

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for taking into consideration, upon Monday, the 9th day of April next, the Petition of William Hujkijfon, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in in Parliament for the said Borough of Lijkeard, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Order be discharged;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this day sevennight.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday sevennight, the 6th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of Mis Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday sevennight, the 6th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His (h|

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions.

Often of the

that there be laid before this House, a List of the Regi- lrifl> Militu. ments of Irish Militia which have made a voluntary tender of their services to be employed in any part of Great Britain during the War; specifying the dates of such offers, and the number of Officers, non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, in each Regiment, who have made fu^h voluntary tender of their services.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the BL'l to amen* last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the FamiUe.Act, Wives and Families of Militia Men of was, passed. ’1

according to Order, read the third time. 1

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing the Act to be altered or repealed during the present Session.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men. of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.,

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the A4journm«a| House this day, adj oum till this day sevennight.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from R*P®rt the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- upp ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Report be now read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " now read," and inferring the words " taken into consideration upon this day * sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the words * now . read" stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

The laid Report was accordingly read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, VaJue that a sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-five thou- Ships a-sand Three hundred Thirty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings touIwk and Ten Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to be distributed to the Officers, Seamen, and Marines, on board the Fleet under the command of Samuel Lord Viscount Hood, Admiral of the White Squadron of His Majesty’s Fleet, being the estimated value of the Ships and Vessels taken possession of, and armed for His Majesty’s Service, at Toulon, together with their Ordnance and Ordnance Stores.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of several Land Owners, Barley Growers, and Petition others, interested in the growth of- Com, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting i/mcolnflure-forth. That the Petitioners apprehend that the great and rapid decrease in the price, and dullness in the fide of Barley, is in some measure owing to the late new and heavy Duties on Malt, and to the decrease in the demand for the consumption of the Malt Distillers; and that unlessmea-sures are adopted by the Legislature, the Petitioners apprehend

Stockport Roads Bill, committed*

Pm Navigation Bill, v.» pmitted.

Bill to amend

Kirkhcaton Lnclosure A£tt committed.

Petition of Mr. B Dumont against D Bill.

Ta\iftrek and Plymouth Roads Bill, committed*

Montgo-* mery’s Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

44 Cjeo. III. 29° Martil—5° A . 193

bend there will be a considerabte quantity of the lad year’s crop left unlaleable; and that, from the great change the Corn Trade has undergone in the last ten years, the Act of the 31 ft ot His present Majesty, for the regulation thereof, is wholly inadequate to the ptirpol'e intended: And therefore praying the House to take the above matters into their early and lerious confederation, and to grant such relief as may leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Ten'of the clock in the Morning.

Esquire, a lunatic, in the Counties of Cavan and -ttagh, in Ireland, by sale of the Inheritance of a competent part of the said Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bi l to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzvin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Jovis,5° die A prills;

Anno 44° Georgii IIItU Regis, i 804.

P R A V E R S.

ABILL for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport to Saxon’s Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lam after, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said County, and in the Counties of Ckefter and York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburns of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, Sic.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Freeholders, and others, within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick,in the Parish of North ,in the County of Wilts.

Sir Robert John Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun to alter, amend, and improve the Navigation of the said River, and for other purposes relating thereto, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill committed to Mr. celles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Acb mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry celles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Henry Beaumont of Whitley, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That if the fame is passed into a Law as it now stands, it will be highly injurious to his rights and interests: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, ifhe thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in to Old

Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir William Elford, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrofi’ed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain sums of money, decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Eftarcs of George Montgomery, Y01. 59.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, f>r better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry ot Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea.

Mr William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

j Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of Willis Earle, of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Baton, and other works and conveniences thereto; for crefting another W et Dock, with suitable conveniences in the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and; and setting

forth, That the Petitioner carries on the trade of a Timber Merchant in the said Port, and is also the Proprietor and Occupier of a large Timber Yard opposite to the South-east corner of the said Queen’s Dock; and that in the said Bill are introduced various Clauses, unnecessarily restrictive upon the general Trade of the said Port, and the customary accommodations enjoyed by persons carrying on the fame, and likewise other Clauses inipofing considerable Duties on all Goods and Merchandizes imported into the said Port, for the purpose of maintaining and repairing the Docks thereof; and that such Duties and restrictive Clauses, in many respects, press with peculiar hardship upon the trade and bu fin els of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by counsel, against the said

Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, ifhe thinks fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

3D An

Member added to bring in North Bradley Inclosure Bill.

Bill

presented.

Member added to bring in Cumberland and Dumfries Fisheries Bill,

Bill

presented.

Petition of Mr. Earle again It Liverpool Docks Bill.

Accounts relating to Ireland, presented.

m ports and Exports.

Flax Seed imported.

Linen

exported.

Tom, See. imported and exported.

Appendix.

•(No. 27.) f(No.3i.)

The Lords have agreed to

Innkeepers

Bill.

Gloucester

and Oxf rd Roads Bill.

Shiffnal and Bridgnorth Road Bill.

Stafford and Sandon Roads Bill-

Sutton

inclosure Bill.

Haddifcoe inclosure Bill, committed.

EaHofArran'i Bit ate Bill, committed.

194

An Account of the value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Ireland, for the year ending the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing the value of Produce and Manufactures exported from the value of Foreign Articles exported, together with the difference between the Official Value and the Real Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported in the year ending the 5 th of January 1804: And also.

An Account of the quantity of Flax Seed imported into Ireland in the years 1802 and 1803, letting forth the quantity thereof branded found, and specifying the Ports: And also,

An Account of the quantity and value of Linen exported from Ireland in the years 1S00, 1801, 1802, and 1803, specifying the places to which the lame were exported, and distinguishing the quantity and valqeon which Bounty was paid: And all'o.

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, and Flour, imported into, and exported from, Ireland, in the years 17 59> 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session* and the first * Account, and the other f Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from The Hand and Post, at the top of Burford Lane, in the County of , to Stow on the

Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post, in the Parish of in the County of

Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term and powers of two Acts, of the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and to a place called

Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellein the Road between Bridgford and Newport,being the First District of Roads in

the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act.for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable

Arthur Saunders Lari of Arran. and the Honourable Arthur

5° Apri

A. 1804.

Saunders Gore,commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in

the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegal/, which

have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " efildlually railing a sufficientfum of money for discharg-" ing the Debts and Incumbrances aftedling certain Lands " in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and the Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl " of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, " commonly called Lord Viscount and for the payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and " for other purposes," was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fames Adams, Mr. Fofer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 1 oth day of February last, for taking into consideration, upon the 17th clay of this instant April, the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Stirling, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the ift day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Yorke reported to the House, That their Add ref's of the 29th day of March last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Lift therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty 1 ad commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the Regiments and Companies of the Irish Militia, which have made a voluntary tender of their services, to be employed in any part of Great Britain during the War.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

Note.—The Order for printing was discharged; and the said Account was withdrawn, and another pre-» fented on the 6th day of April.

Mr. fames Adams presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the number and nature of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in commission, and of hired armed Ships and Vessels, and of all other Ships, Vessels, and Boats, armed for the Public Service, on the 31st of December 179":, 1794> 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, and 1800, the 30th of September i8ai, the 3 ill December 1802 and 1803, and the 15th of March 1804.

Mr. fames Adams also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the number of Seamen and Marines in His Majesty’s Service, so far as the fame can be made up from the Returns in the Navy Office, and from the Returns received at the Admiralty, from the Commanding Officers of the Divisions of Marines, and the Officers employed in raising Men, on the 31st of December 1793, 1*5th March 1794, and 15th March 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the Eloufe.

Note.—The first of the said Accounts was withdrawn, and another presented on the 24th of April; and the last Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered,

Contention of St: iir.g Election Petitions, deferred.

Answer to Address.

Lift of Irish. Militia who have offered their Services, pretexted.

Accounts presented:

Ships in Commission.

Seamen and Marines.

Appendix•

(No. 42.)

Accounts ardered:

’xchequer

Bills.

Ibties on load, &c.

Lir.-n Mann*, fecrure Bill, predated.

Cit'by

lndofure Bill, committed.

hoc rs p: rafting Kcirjjiries u Ceylon, printed.

Wounts e(\ eftinff fbitandEeer, ‘rc.cnted.

44 Geo. III. S' ApriRs. 195

Ordered, That there be laid before this itoufe, an Account, filewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 36. intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the service of the year 1803,’' outstanding, and unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills blued per Act 43 G.o. III. cap. 03. intituled, "An Act for raising " the sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1803," out-standing, and unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount ot Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 146. intituled, "An Act for ena-" bling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two Millions, for " the ufts and purposes therein mentioned," outstanding, and unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued./w Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 147. intituled, "An Act for raif-" ing the sum of One million Five hundred thousand " Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of " Great Britain, for the year 1803," outstanding, and unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of all Duties charged in Great Britain, ami out standing, on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1803, and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several articles, and temporary from permanent Duties.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Heath, within, or

adjoining to, the same Parish, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir William Earle Welby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Viscount Cajilereagh presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies and Extracts of such Let-" ters and Papers as have been received from the Honourable Frederick North, Governor of His Majesty’s * Possessions in the Island of Ceylon, relative to the causes " and circumstances which gave rife to the Hostilities " which have taken place between His Majesty’s Government in that country and that of the King of " Candy,"

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Malt charged with Duty in England and Scotland respectively, in six years, ending the 5th January 1804, and the Rate and Amount of the Duties paid thereon: And also,

An Account of Strong Beer, Table Beer, and Small Beer, charged with Duty in Britain, with the Rate

and Amount of the Duties thereon, for six years, ending 5th January 1804; distinguishing each year, rom

Vol. 59.

Scotland, and London from the Country, as far as Can be given at the Chief Office of Excise in London.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of the Session.

A Bill for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a parochial Watch therein, was read a fecund time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carry, Mr. Henry Alexander, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The.Order of the day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion of Thurstlay last. That the Order, made upon the 22d day of March last, for taking into consideration, upon Monday next, the Petition of William Hujhffon, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Manlier to lave in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard,be discharged;

'I. c House was moved, That the entry in the Votes of the House, of Thursday last, of the Proceedings of the H use relative to the said Petition, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Tiie House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considerar tion upon Thurstlay, the 3d day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

71 lemorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their -attendance accordingly.

A Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, complaining of the last election and return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, being offered to be presented to the House;

The certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, that the said returq was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the 17th day of March 1804, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the 23d day of November last, requiring all Persons that will question any returns, to do it within fourteen days next, and so with-* in fourteen days next after any, new return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House not having proceeded upon business since Thursday last; and being informed, that the said Petitioners would have petitioned this House within fourteen days next after the said return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon business since Thursday last;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now received.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Inhabitants Householders of the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot; and that at the election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, held on the 6th day of July 1802, the Honourable Eliot (now Lord Eliot) the Honourable William Eliot, Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, and William Ogilvie, Esquire, were Candidates, and the then Mayor of the said Borough, who acted as Returning Officer, returned the said John Eliot and William Eliot duly elected to serve in Parliament as Burgesses of the said Borough; against which return two Petitions were presented to the House, one on behalf of the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, and one on behalf of the Petitioners and others, stating themselves to be Inhabitants Householders of the said Borough, paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot; and stating (among other things) that the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie ought to have been duly elected to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough, they having a majority of legal votes; and that on Friday, the 25th day of February 1803, a Select Committee of the House was appointed to try the merits of the said Petitions; and that the said 13 Committee,

Dublin Police Bill, committed.

Debate on

Motion

respecting

Mr. Huf-

kifTon’s

Petition,

resumed.

Liflceard El etf ion-Petition of Inhabitants.

196'

5°—6° Aprilis. A. 1804.

Committee* on the hearing of the said Petitions, required the parties to deliver in separate statements of the several rights of election for the said Borough for which they respectively contended: and that the (latement delivered in by the Petitioners before the said Committee, stated the right of election in the said Borough to be in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot; and the statement delivered in by the said John Eliot and Eliot

stated the right of election to be in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; and that the said Committee, after having heard the evidence adduced by the several parties in proof of the right of election so stated to the said Committee as aforesaid, determined that the right of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was not in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot; and the said Committee also determined, that the right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was in the Mayor and Burgesses; which Resolutions were accordingly reported by the said Select Committee to the House: And that the Petitioners being advised that such Resolutions and Determinations of the said Select Committee on the said right of election were contrary to Law, a Petition was presented by them and others, whose names are thereto subscribed, Rating the several matters and things hereinbefore dated; and praying, that they might be admitted as parties to oppose that right of election w'hich has been deemed valid in the judgment of the said Select Committee as aforesaid, and to support and establish that right of election for which they contended before the said Select Committee, and which was negatived by the said Select Committee, or such other right as might be confident with Law; and that such other relief might be granted to them as the justice of the case might require; which said last mentioned Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration by the House on the 17th day of April next, as by the Votes of the House will more fully appear; and that on the 9th day of this instant March, an election took place of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Lif-keard, in the room of the said John Eliot (now Lord Eliot) who had vacated his feat, being called up to the House of Lords on the death of his father, the late Lord at which election the said ‘Thomas Sheridan and Huf-

kijfon, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners and others, claiming a right to vote at such election as Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot, and conceiving that such right could not have been defeated by the decision of the said Select Committee, so petitioned against as aforesaid, duly tendered their votes to the Mayor (who acted as Returning Officer) for the said ’Thomas Sheridan at such election, which votes the said Mayor took upon himself, without lawful and sufficient cause, to disallow and rejeftj and that the said Mayor ought to have returned the said Thomas Sheridan duly elected to serve as a Burgess in Parliament for the said Borough, he having the majority of legal votes, notwithstanding which the fit id Mayor thought proper to return the said William HuJliJJ’on; and that the said Mayor admitted divers persons to vote for the said William HnJ-kijfon at the said last mentioned election, who were not entitled to vote at such election: And therefore praying, That in case the Petition of right, now pending before the House, be decided in favour of the Petitioners, and those claiming a right to vote as Inhabitants of the said Borough of Lijkeard,paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot, the election of the said William Hujkijfon may be declared null and void; and that the said Thomas Sheridan may be declared to have been duly elected; and that the return may be amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday, the 23d day of this inllant April, at the same time that the Petition of Thomas Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 28th day of March lait, is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like.Notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties, accom-

panied with Orders for their attendance, by them-lelves, their counsel or agents, at the time on which the said Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, of warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 6° die A

Anno 440 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804. 1

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the term Weft * and powers of an Act, made in the 42d year of the '

Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, "*

watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also, of several Acts lor repairing the Camion Street Road, in the said County; and also, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several new collateral branches to communicate with the East India and London Docks, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 22. To leave out from the beginning of the line to " and" in line 27.

1. 29. To leave out " the" and insert " which" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for altering and enlarging the term and powers of an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigram do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The lords Simeon: have agreed tc

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brecknock, for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock &c.CanaiBJI and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lincoln amt for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a place called Litt legate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Rarr.by Gate, in Nezvark-upon-'Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Di-vilion of Kelham and Mufkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Ox/on, in the county of ; and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of '

Bridge,to the said Guide Post; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Wlnchester, over Worthy Cow don, to Nezvtozvn River; and also, the Road from Worthy Cowdozvn aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved,

W merit

and And-ftCf Kotds Kni, passed,

Iv’s

.Bill,

jrutted.

oumment.

wiry

\ Sheffield ad Bill, nnmted.

kt'wnts

ordered;

■ports.

sports.

fr^nent

lues.

War Tuxes.

Accounts

itii-tctinz it and Lir, to be printed.

Accounts fndented:

Import j.

Exports.

Dr.

44 Geo. III. & Apr His. 19Y

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Wincheftct, over Worthy Cowdozvn, to Newtown River; and also, the Road horn Worthy Cowdownaforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Andover,

in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossld Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johannes Hendrik , was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sit William Curtis, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 26.)

The House being informed that the Lift of the Reginlents Lift of irish and Companies of the Irish Militia, which have made a Mi ltia wha

* . r , 1 have ottered.

voluntary tender ot their services,'to be employed in any uieir service*,

part of Great Britain during the War (which was, yederday, withdrawn.

prefen ted to the House) was imperfect;

Ordered, That the Order fur printing the said Lift he dip-

charged.

Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the said Lift, in order to the presenting a ported Lilt instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Hoad from Baivtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South tide of IVortlew in the County of York, where it joms the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Eyre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the official or rated value of all Imports into Great Britain, exclusive of Corn and other Grain, and exclusive of the Importations from the East Indies and China, during the last seven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the official or rated value of all Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain during the last seven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the official or rated value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain during the last seven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in Great Britain, in the years and quarters ending the 5th day of April 1803 and the 5th day of April 1804, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the several Duties imposed by the Acts 43 Geo. III. cap. 70. cap. 81. and cap. 122. from their commencement to the 5th of April 1804; distinguishing each quarter.

Ordered, That the Accounts respecting Malt and Beer, which were, yesterday,presented to the l louie by Mr. Purdue, from the Commissioners of Excilc, be printed for the Members of the House.

The House beifig informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the official or rated value of all Imports into Great Britain (exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and China) during the last leven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles imported: And also.

An Account of the official or rated value of all Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain during the last seven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles exported: And also,

An Account of the official or rated value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from Great Britain during the last seven years; distinguishing each year, and the principal articles.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Vat. 59.

Mr. Secretary Tor he presented to tl;e House, pursuant Another Lilt, to their Addrds to His Majesty, indented.

A Lift of the Regiments and Companies of the Militia," which have made a voluntary tender of their Services to be employed in any part of Britain during the War.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lilt be printed for the Members of the 11, 'life.

T he said Lilt is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix. volume. (No. 32.)

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by His Estimate

Majesty’s command, American*

An Estimate of the Sum wanted in die present year, to Treaty, defray the Sums awarded to be paid by the British Govern- presented. ment pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 33.)

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Accounts of

to their Orders,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills iftuedper Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for railing " the lum of Four Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills,' " for the service of the year 1803," outstanding, and unprovided for: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for raising " the lum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1803," outstanding, and unprovided for: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, iftfued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for en-" abling His Majesty to raise the sum of ,£.2,000,000 so? " the uses and purposes therein mentioned," outstanding, and unprovided for: And also.

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for railing " the sum of ,£.1,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the service of Great Britaifor the year 1803," outstanding, and unprovided (or.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Exchequer Bills,

presented.

Appendix. (No. 34.)

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That there be laid before this House, copies or extracts of ^‘j^rns t all Dispatches received from the Governor General of Ben- Hottihries gas or from the Presidencies of Fort St. George and Bombay, with the including their Correspondence with their Ministers or ^hd^uwn. Envoys, as far as such Dispatches relate to, or account for, Hostilities now or lately subsisting between the said Governments and any of the Marhatta Princes or States, with the dates of the receipt of such Dispatches respectively.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Conflation 22d day of March last, for taking into consideration, upon of

* —* ri' e'i re. peering'

3 E 1 uclday EitUard

193

6°—9° A

A. 1804.

Right of

Elc&ion,

deferred

Tuesday the 17th day of this instant April, the several Petitions respecting the right ot election for the Borough of Lifeeard, in the County of Cornwmight be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th day of this instant April, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ademorandum:

Notice was again inserted in 7he London Gazette-, and also lent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Lijkeard.

Consideration of Petitions

respecting

L'lkeard

Election,

deferred.

The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon the 28th day of March last, and yesterday, for taking into consideration upon Monday, the 23d day of this instant April, the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Elqufte, and also the Petition ot Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, Janies Roberts, John Davis, and Jojiah Abraham, severally complaining of an undue eleftioti and return for the Borough of LJkeard, in the County of Comicall, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 3d day of May next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum;

Notices were again lent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I.inen M.mu.

Bill,

committed.

Petition of Sir Thomas

Stanley again]?

Motion respecting Mr. HulVifson’s Petition,

withdrawn.

The House was moved, That the Oder, made yesterday, for taking into consideration, uponTuelday the 3d day of May next, the Petition of William HifkiJJ'on, F/quire, respecting the last return of a Member to ierve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Order be difehurged.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley Majfey Stanley, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of iVver^Ka Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other l^ck* Bill, works and conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with luitable conveniences in the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several A efts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey, between Liverpool and Chejliire; and setting forth, That the same contains divers clauses and provisions, which, if passed into a Law, would be highly injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his counsel or agents, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time.

fas . i

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to de^errcck consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Ways and

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Mcins,

fider further of Ways and granted to His Majesty.

Means for raising the Supply

deferred.

Bill for

.ICCCpti 11£ Offers ot

Irish Militia, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themlclves to be employed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Luna’, 9° die Aprilis;

Anno 440 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1804,

Bill to augment the Militia of Ireland, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prayers.

A BILL for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southveick in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of H ilts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

N.>rth Bradley Inclosure Bill, committed.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Marshalsea of the Four Courts, in 'the City of Dublin: And alio/

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Prison of the Sheriffs of the County of the City of Dublin; Were severally presented to the House, and read; 'complaining ot their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Murfhalfea, and Sheriffs Fri Ion Dublin, Debtors Petitions. '

Provision for

augmenting the Minna of Ireland, to be conJidcred.

A Motion being made, That this House will; upon Monday next, re solve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant oi Ireland to augment the Militia of Ireland;

Mr. Cony (by ilis Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That Ills Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to augment the Militia of Ireland.

A Bill for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewart-ry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Curwen, Mr. James Graham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cumberland and Dumfries Fdhsrie* Bdly

commuted.

I I

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Ram-fey and Bury, in the County of was read the

third time.

Resolved,

Ramsey, Drainage Bilk passed.

199

44 Geo. III.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Pari flits of and in

the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir "John WAnderson do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

l>r:itk>n of A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Company11^1 sea Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and isMir.it: read; taking notice of the Bill for amending and enlarging

wantea the powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour ruour i . 0j~ SwanJ'ea,in the County of , and for further

improving the lame; and letting forth, That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly injured, and the capital sum by them expended , IclTened and prejudiced: And therefore praying, That they

may be heard by their conn lei; and that the said Bill may f not pass into a Law without such clauses and restrictions

as may be necessary to prevent the Petitioners from being injured or damaged thereby; and that certain persons, on behalf of the Petitioners, may be with others inserted in the said intended Act as Trustees, should the fame be permitted to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Swansea

Canal Navigation was presented to the House, and read;

, CsliiBill. taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of Szvanfea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan; and setting forth. That, in case such Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly injured, and the capital sum by them expended endangered: And therefore praying to be heard by their counsel; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law without | such clauses and restrictions as may be necessary to prevent the Petitioners from being injured or damaged thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Further Connueration cl Kruort

.ftlpecting

C;tton

Manufacture, ect erred.

f Committee on

I T’cvihon for I Tipr.enting iLt Militia c: Ireland.

r

* Bill to | the

' Vi: ilia of; If ind, Cticrrcd.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the moll speedy and effectual mode of adjusting such differences as may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture; and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to augment the Militia of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rciumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited, might be read.

VOL. 59.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to Ways zni resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne have leave to make a motion, it being near Five of the clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Sir James Wright, Baronet, Archibald Ha- Petition of milton, and William Knox, Esquires, surviving Executors Executors of of the lad Will and Tcllament of Sir James Wright, Ba- w,igiT(an ronet, deceased, formerly Governor of the Province of American Georgia, in North America. leave "to

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; set- prerent a ting forth, That by certain Acts, passed in the 23d, 25th, Petition. 26th, 27th, and 28th years of His present Majesty, Commissioners were appointed to enquire into the Losses and services of all persons who had differed in their rights, properties, and possessions, during the late unhappy diflen-tions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to His Majesty, and attachment to the British Government, and to settle and allow certain compensations to such persons for all such Losses; and that the said Commissioners did proceed to enquire into the Hate of the property con-fifeated by the said American States, as the property of pep-fons retaining their allegiance to( Great Britain, and did report the result of such their enquiries to the Lords of the Treasury, and to His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State for the time being; and, amonglf other things, the said Commissioners did report the amount of the Losses sustained by the said late Sir James Wright, the whole of whose property was confiscated by certain Acts of the General AUembly of the Province then called The State of Georgia, to be £ 30,000, or thereabouts; but ths said Commissioners, in the computation of such Losses, took into their consideration the amount of the debts owing by him to several persons friendly to the independence of America, for the payment of whose debts, out of his confiscated Estates and Eftefts, provision was made by the aforesaid Acts of the General Assembly of the State of Georgia, and actually deducted from the amount of the Losses of the said late Sir James Wright, two several debts, or sums, of £. 1,274. and £.1,900., one being a debt due and owing from him, on his note of hand, to Brezvton, of South Carolina, Esquire, for the principal ium of £.8,802. 5J. currency of South Carolina, then equal to £.1,274. sterling; and the other being a debt due from the said late Sir James Wright,on two several bonds, to Benjamin Smith, of Charles Town, in the said Province of South Carolina, Esquire, for two several sums of £. 5,000. each, currency of South Carolina, then equal to £. 1,900. sterling; which said sums of £. 1,274. and £. 1,900. making together the sum of £.3,174., the said Commissioners deducted from the amount of the said late Sir James Wright's Losses, upon a presumption that the said Brezvton, and the representatives of the said Benjamin Smith, which said Benjamin Smith was then deceased, being persons friendly to the independence of America, and failing within the provisions contained in the aforesaid Acts of Confiscation, for the relief of American Creditors, mipht

... u

and would obtain payment of their respective debts, out of the produce of the confiscated Estates of the said late Sir James Wright,which were amply sufficient to the paying and

satisfying the fame; and that, shortly after the said Commissioners had made their Report, and the compensation

awarded

Lcavc given*

Petition,

presented,

200 9°—10°

awarded to the said late Sir James Wright had been paid to him, certain Actions at Law were commenced again (I the said late Sir James Wright %nnd his Executors, to recover the full contents of the said note and bonds, and interest thereon; and Bills in Chancery were thereupon filed by the Petitioners, and Alexander Wright, Esquire, deceased, their co-Executor, for an Injunction to re ft rain the Claimants (from proceeding further at Law, on the ground that the said Claimants) or their Representatives, had actually obtained, or might and ought, under the before-mentioned Acts ot Assembly, to have obtained payment of their laid respective debts out of the produce of the said late Sir James Wright's confiscated Estates, and ought therefore to be barred from recovering the fame in England out of the compensation allowed the find late Sir James Wright by the Commissioners for settling the claims of American Loyalists, and more especially as the Comm'dinners, in computing such compensation, disallowed to the amount of the debts owing by him in America, considering that such debts were provided for, and would be paid, out of the produce of his confiscated Estates; and that, upon the final hear-' ing of the find matter in Hilary Term 1802, before the Lord Chancellor, his Lorclship was ot of.nion, that the Court could grant no relief in the premises to the Executors of the find Sir Janies Wright, deceased, and thereiore dismissed the liiil then before the Court without costs, which determination likewise decided the other Suit, which flood precifily upon the lame ground the one lo determined; and the said Executors, having long since paid the princ pal money, and interest due on the said note and bonds, into Court, and the Claimants having been permitted to take the lame out of Court, upon undertaking to refund the fame mi case the deafen of the Court should be against them, thereupon became entiiled to retain and keep the fame; and that the Commit!!oners appointed by the Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain, in computing the compensation to be allowed to the find late Sir James Wright, would not have deducted the aforesaid deors trorn the amount of his losses, if they had foreseen that his Creditors would have been permitted to recover the fame against him in this Country; and, upon the Petitioners re-monftrating to the said Commissioners against making such deductions, they gave them to underfund, that, if they should at any time afterwards be called upon and compelled to pay the fame, a further compensation would be allowed them to the amount of the ium which they should fopay; and that the Petitioners have not only paid to the Representatives of the said Miles Brew ton and Benjamin Smith, considerably more than the said several lums of £.1,274. and £.1,900. but have expended a very large sum of money in defending the said luits, and have further sustained a great lots of interest on the said sums so paid as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are aware that ‘ the time limited for presenting Petitions for bringing in private Bills is elapsed, but that, the matter stated by the Petitioners having been for some time under the consideration of the Lords of the Treasury, the Petitioners have been thereby prevented from complying with the rules of the House with respect to the time of presenting Petitions: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as defiled.

Then a Petition of the said several persons being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such compensation as shall appear reasonable; or that they may have such other relief in the premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Tern of the clock.

Jprilis. J. 1804;

Mart is, 10° die Aprilis;

Anno 440 Georgii III'11* Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A BILL for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Liverpool powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the l,r£.vent Reign of His present Majesty, for making and widening committed, certain Streets, passages, and places, in the Town o\ Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other purposes, in the said Act mentioned; and also for fu rrlier improving the said Town, was read asecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Tarle-ton, General Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, TrmpleBar, to whom the Bill for railing an aciditional sum of money &c* ti^.Pj'0VC‘ for carrying into execution several Acts for widening the reported.* Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and (or railing, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain sums of money for those purposes; and a!so, for enlarging the powers of the said Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found . the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his phee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inrolled.

o

S;r John William Anderson reported from the Committee ohrly’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^-,r-Act for naturalising Johannes Hendrik Ohr/y, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Andrews presented to the House, according to Worker Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wor refer and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise canal Bill, money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Prclclited* Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Temple Gvaiing, in the County of Gloucester, was read a second freBill, time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral ley, Lord Robert Edward Henry Son; a Jet, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- Cumberland ing the powers of two Acts, of the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket, r 'gsBill, by Yezves Bridge, to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein committed, mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Graham, Mr. James Low!her, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Owners of Land, Farmers, Mahfters, Petition and other persons interested in the Duty on Malt, Inhabitants of the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in consequence of tire heavy increased Duties on Malt, die consumption of Barley has been materially diminished, and the large quantity now on

hand

Paper rffpeitine Irish Half Pay, p relented.

Appendix.

(No. 35.)

Paper* relating to Barracks* ordered.

Report of

Commission-

rrs of Scotch

Inland

Navigation,

presented.

; Committee on Bill for accepting: Offers ot

Irish Militia.

44 Geo. III.

hand meets with a very flow and uncertain Tale; and the Petitioners further suggest the necessity of a revision of the present Corn Laws, and the altering and amending the same: And therefore praying. That the House will take these matters into its early and serious confederation, and grant such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of attended at the

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Return to an Order of the House of Commons, of the 23d of March 1804, for a copy of any Orders made by His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland fmee the Union, affect -ing the Half-pay of Officers on the Establishment, when employed in England.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of the Contract entered into between Mr. Thomas Neill and the Barrack Mailer General, for building the Barrack at Chichester, in the County of SuJJ'ex.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the periods at which it was contraCled that the several Barracks should be completed, and of the several Penalties to be forfeited for non-compliance, as to the time or terms agreed upon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Form and Mode of making out the Certificates given by the proper Officers of the Barrack Department, stating that the progress made upon the works has entitled the Builders to the several payments that have been made to them, and a Statement of the Mode by which the propriety of granting such Certificate is alccrtained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the several Barracks that were in the possession of Government at the time of signing the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, together with the number of Men and Horses which they were severally calculated to contain.; distinguishing those Barracks which were hired, and specifying the dates when they were given up.

201

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refu pied the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- PrO*,flon.for ferred to consider of making provision to enable the Lord the Lieutenant of Ireland to augment the Militia of Ireland, Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Ireland be authorized to advance any sums for defraying the expence of augmenting the Militia of Ireland, not exceeding the rate of Four Guineas for every private man to be raised.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited, is committed, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart prefepted to the House, pursuant Account of

to their Order, x n^oits^&c

An Account of the Amount of Duties received within in the iho the Ports of the Isle of Man upon Imports and Exports, of NIan>( between the 5th January 1798 and the 5th January 1804; preente ' distinguishing the Amount of each yCar; together with an Account of all sums paid out of the Duties lb received for Salaries, Bounties, Buildings, or otherwise; together with the Amount of Balance of Surplus Revenue, up to the 5th January 1798.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. '

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

10*— 1 r

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Report of the Commissioners appointed for the purposes of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds towards dc-" fraying the expence of making an Inland Navigation " from me Eastern to the Western Sea, by and

" Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards " executing the fame."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into confederation upon Friday Sevennight, the 20th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Report' be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services-of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer them-lclves to be employed irt Great;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

, c v (Mr. James Adams, J

Tellers for the Yeas, jMr Bole: j

' c , , T (Mr

Tcners for tft^Noes, Mr^: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

124.

54*

VO L. 59.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 11° Aprilis.

Anno 44 Georgii III'11 Regis 1804.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Sir John Sinclair do make the Report Montrose

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing

the term, and enlarging the powers, of so much of an Act, reported.

made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, as relates to

the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar,

was committed.

Sir John Sinclair accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by His Estimateof

Majesty’s command, . services.

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His presented.

3 Majesty’s

A. 1804.

202

11°—12°

Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, for the year 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table. jlpptndix. The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 36.) this volume.

The Noes went forth.

m , rv (General Maitland,

Tellers for the Yeas, JMr_

TeUers for the Noes, {|r >hn

} 94~ > 37‘

Accounts.

ordered:

Com, &c. imported and exported.

Average Price of D°.

Doty on

Linens

exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,. an Account of the Quantities of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Grain, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, together with the Bounties and Duties paid thereon, from 1 ft January 1800 to 1 ft January 1804; distinguishing each species, and each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Average Prices of Grain per quarter in England and Wales, from 13th March 1802, and of Grain per quarter, and Oatmeal per boll of 1401b. in Scotland, from 15th February 1802, to the latest periods to which the lame can be respectively made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty received on the Export of Linens from Great Britain since the commencement thereof, distinguishing the rate of Duty, the number of yards exported, and the Irish and the British Linens, as far as the fame can be ascertained; together with the amount of Bounties paid thereon; and distinguishing each year.

ISir John Wrottesley:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair. _ ,

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the* day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deferred, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to w«ys and

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mtant^ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply e e

Petition A Petition of Richard Harker and Company of Allonby,

Cumberland and others, bn the Coast of the County of Cumberland, and Uumfriei bordering on the Frith of Solway, was presented to the Piihenes Bill. pjoufe> rea(j. taking notice of the Bill for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several streams and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the ‘ Sea; and setting forth. That the lame is materially defective,

because it does not provide for the removal of the Fish Yards, and other engines and devices which have within these late years been introduced, and stand like a wood on the extended sands of the Solway Frith, in every lituation where there is a chance of taking Fish of any description; and that those Fish Yards and other engines are not merely dangerous to the navigation of all Vessels trading in the said Frith, but also a great obstruction to the entrance of the Rivers, which are the only Harbours for Vessels to run into for (helter in bad weather; and that the lame are wrought so close with netting and wicker work, as to take all forts of Fish, young and old, both in and out of season, which come within their limits: And therefore praying the Hpufe to reject the said Bill, as tending to establish a mode of tithing in direct op to the existing Laws, and equally dangerous to the Navigation, and destrudive to the brood and fry of all Fish within the limits it embraces, but especially in the Solway Frith, or to give such other relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve Linen Manu. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill j^ffi* to amend an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

Account rf Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Men raised count of the number of Men raised in each month in Great Refer7 of Britain and Ireland, for the Army of Reserve, since the corn-ordered.’ mencement of the Act passed for that purpose, and of the number of the lame who, during the several periods, have engaged for General Service; distinguishing under each head, as far as can be done, the ballotted Men from those serving as Substitutes.

MR. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to Bmfted

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Rectory Bill, An Act for efieftuatingan Exchange of certain parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the Rectory of in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the property of the Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell,- within the Parish of Brajledaforc-said, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order‘Of the day, for the House to augment the re lve *nt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Militia of Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmen-jreiand. tation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant «*ded to to the prayer of the Petition of the several Owners of Mlnea* Estates in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of and indofureBiiL County of Cambridge.

limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair}

The House divided.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Bill, Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Present

in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir

44 Geo. III.

12° Aprilis.

203

frrlstock Sir William Elford repented from the Committee, to w^om the BiH for the better amending and repairing of sported. * the Roads leading from the Lower Market-house in Tavi-stock to Old Town Gate,in the Borough of and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be in-grofled.

Accounts presented s

ferrnantnt

Taxes.

MilT exported 2nd imported.

Gain, &c. imported and exported.

Duties on Bond, &c*

Duties of Customs.

Jftmdix,

(Mo. 37.)

Montrose , and Brechin Road Bill, passed.

Arran's Estate Bill imported, ^dpaffoiU

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Customs—An Account of the * Produce of the Permanent Taxes imposed in the years * 1802 and 1803, during the years ending 5th January * 1803, and 5th Jantiary 1804; distinguishing each quarterAnd allb.

An Account of the quantity of Malt exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and imported from Ireland to Great Britain, in six years, ending the 5th of January 1804; and of the Rate and Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each year, and England from Scotland: And

also,

An Account of the quantity of Wheat and Flour, Barley and Malt, Rye, Oats, and Oatmeal, Pease and Beans, exported from, and imported into Great Britain, distinguishing England from Sagland, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804; and of the Bounties and Drawbacks, and of all Duties paid thereupon; and also, an Account of all Bounties paid On the Importation of Wheat Flour, Barley, Rye, and Rye Flour, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803, respectively; And also.

An Estimate of all Duties of Customs charged in Great Britain, and outstanding, on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1803, and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties.

Mr. Irving also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions 01 an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the computed Net Produce of the several branches of the Duties of Customs imposed subsequent to the Consolidation Act of 27 Gw. III. cap. 13. for tbf year ending jth January 1804; distinguishing each branch.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

Ahd then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The three first, and the last of the said Accounts, are; preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from to

Brvhin, in the County of Forfar, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar.

Ordered, That Sir David Carnegie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the l/)r<Js, intituled, An Act for vesting

Vol. 59.

The Lords hare agreed to

Bill to repeal and extend

parts of Property AtSU

in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effec-" tually railing a sufficient sum of money for discharging " the Debts and Incumbrances, affecting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the " Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of " Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the payment " of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other " purposes," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the' satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords 1 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Profcflions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities, and to extend the times for hearing Appeals on AiTefl-ments, or Surcharges, made in pursuance of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia'

Men of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses,

Glaze ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Weft Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam,in the East Riding of the County of York; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the Grants of Parliament to the Veterinary Col- orde"<1‘ lege, with the Receipt, the Expenditure, and the Debts of that Institution, for the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Board of count of the Expenditure of the Grants of Parliament to Agriculture, the Board of Agriculture, for the years 180a and 1803.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report further consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the most speedy and

Manufashire

effectual mode of adjusting such differences as may anse further

between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton coni er

Manufacture, .

, And

Bill to amend Irish Militia Families A&»

Bank of Scotland Bill.

Cleobury Mortimer Roads Bill.

Weft Burton InclosuneBill.

Acklam Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment*

204

12°—13° Aprilis.

A. 1804.

ill ordered.

Bill to augment the Militia of Ireland, reported.

And the Rotation* of the CommUteeIS*

read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put

Bill be brought in upon the three l^.of the Resolutionsofthesaid Committee: And that Mr. Addington, Mr. Blackburns of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Everton, Mr. Me, Mr. Goldi Sir Thomas Metcalfe, Mr. Holt Leigh, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Anno 44 Georgii III^ Regis, 1804.

Motion respecting Payments of Salaries on Irish Establi foment, superfeded.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Electors of the Borough of Petition , in the County of Buckingham, was pre- Ayie&my fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill Ele&kmBiU, for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the The House was moved. That the several Accounts, Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said which were presented to the House upon the 26th day of Borough; and setting forth. That, should the fame pass into March last, by Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the Chief a Law, their rights will be materially affected, and the Secretary of Ireland, relative to Payments made at Par to usual and ancient mode of election in the said Borough all persons in and from Ireland, since the Union, might be essentially altered; and that, by the said Bill, they will be reaj involved in the guilt, or supposed guilt, of others, and

And the same being read accordingly; deprived of their dearest Franchise, for offences which

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, they neither committed, nor were implicated or concerned That it appears to this House, that Payments have been in: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass made in London of Salaries charged on the Irish Establish- into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves, ment, out of money to be remitted to the Irish Treasury, their counsel, or agents, against the fame.

thereby preventing the Profits of Exchange thereon from . OrdeThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table being credited to the Public, as is done in other cases. until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the And a Motion being made, and the Question being Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel.

put, That the other Orders of the day be now read j Phe House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the YeaJJV"* oTf } £ bir Laurence Parsons: 3

Lord Viscount Folkestone: ] So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

or agents, against they think fit.

the said Bill, upon their Petition, if

Tellers for the Noes,[ ]Mn

80.

44-

A Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Lambeth Alleys, and other public paifages and places, within the ^ommittoL Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and forr e-moving and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, was read a second time.

Bill for accepting Offers of Irifo Militia, reported.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John -And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for derick. Lord William &c.: And they are to meet

.1,- Bor,"'* n-----this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

receiving

the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, was committed;

Mr. Joseph Scott reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley and the Petition of the Right honouj^ble George Earl of Ro^pJntSfc

Dartmouth, and the humble Petition of several Owners of reported. Estates in the Parishes of Weftbromwich, Aldridge, and

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the said Committee, Handsworth, in the County of Stafford, and in the Parish the Amendments which the Committee had made to the of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, was referred; Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the That the Committee had examined, and found that House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had out; and then a second rime, one by one; and, upon the directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the House; and he read the Report in his place; and af-

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the laic! Petition, Mr. Joseph Robins being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from the Town of , in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, The other Order of the day being read, for receiving the in the County of through the several Parishes

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom mentioned in the Petition, is much out of repair, narrow, the Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the aug- and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, and mentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law. be limited, was committed; . Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the said Committee, amending and keeping in repair the Road from the Dudley the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the the Parish of Weftbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- the House called The Horse and , in the Parish of

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick; And that

Mr. Joseph Scott and Mr. John William Ward do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for railing an additional Sum of Money Temple Bar, for carrying into execution several Acts for widening the &c' entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for p^a. * making a more commodious Street at Snozv Hill, and for railing, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain Sums

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow of Montl those purposes; and also for enlarging the

_ __ - _ J nAiifiarc Af Hid 4 «/-l A Af o tunr ranrf f ha f hirn ♦’irnA

Morning, Ten of the clock.

powers of the said Acts, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for railing an additional Sum of Money for carrying into execution several Acts for widening the entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for railing, oa the credit of the Orphan's Fund, certain Sums of $ Money

Petition

-it'ainst

5 to amend Kjrkheaion Inclosure Act.

Disappointed for second Reading of Liverpool Docks Bill.

Account of Taxes relating to Excise* presented.

Question Neg. for discharging the Order For considering Ilchester Election Petition.

The Lords have agreed to

Rim fey, &c. Drainage Bill.

Thetford

InclosureBilL

44 Geo. III. 13°

20 5

Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderfun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

APetition of several Freeholders in the Manor and Town-Ihipof Kirkkeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill toamend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of heaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and setting forth, that there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which,' if passed into a Law as it now stands, will be highly injurious to their Rights and Inte-rests; and therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudlion to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Queen's , in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other Works and Conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable Conveniences in the tame Port; for amending the Powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and , be read a

second time, upon Tuesday next.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Stockport

Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport to Saxon s Lane End, in the County Palatine of Latte after, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County and in the Counties of and York,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Bawtryand the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the r]4Tbui powers, of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his report«d. ’ late Majesty, and in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Wortlcy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Kemp (from the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the several Duties imposed by the Acts 43 Geo. III. cap. 70, cap. 81, and cap. 122, from their commencement to the 5th of April 1804; distinguishing each Quarter, so far as relates to the Revenue of Excise in England; together with a Duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 29th day of March last, for taking into consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of lichener ,in the County of Somerset, might be read. \

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was\made, and the Question being put, That the said OrdeV be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thetford Saint , in the County of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 59.

A Petition of Abraham Lloyd Edrid, Henry , James Petition of Morris Coombs, and the several other persons whole names Burgi lies, s. c. are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses and Freemen, being chmpenLm Householders of, and resident in, ancient Burgage houses, Rjs"?ot within the Borough of Chippenham, in the County 0fEe tl0,u Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Yrotes of the House, that a Petition has been presented to the House, signed by James Hyatt, Robert Wharry, and Joseph Gale, praying that they may be admitted as parties to oppose that Right of Election that has been deemed valid in the judgment of the Select Committee of this House, duly struck and sworn on the 10th day of March ‘1803, to try the merits of two Petitions presented to the House on the part of John Maitland, Esquire, and certain Electors of the said Borough, complaining of the Return of. Charles Brooke,

Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Chippenham, namely, " That the Right of Ele<flion for " Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough " was in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, being House-" holders of, and resident in, the ancient Burgage Houses,

" within the Borough of Chippenham;" and that the Petitioners are fully satisfied with the said determination of the said Select Committee, having always understood that such was the Right of Election, and such as had, time immemorially, been deemed and taken to be the usage and right of Election used and adopted in the said Borough; and that, if such determination is altered, and the right of Election declared to be as the said James Hyatt,

’Robert Wharry, and Joseph Gale, pray, " in the Bailiff and " Burgesses at large, that is to say, being Inhabitants pay-" ing, or liable to pay. Poor Rates," the Petitioners apprehend the fame will be an infringement upon the Rights, Franchises, and Privileges of the Petitioners and others the Burgesses and Freemen, being Householders of, and resident in, the antient Burgage Houses, within the said Borough; and therefore praying the House, to admit them as parties to defend the said Right ot Election, as determined by the said Select Committee, and that they may be heard, by their counsel, against the Petition of the said James Hyatt, Robert Wharry, and Joseph Gale, and that G such

206

13° Apr.

A. 1804

such other Relief may be granted to them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th day of May next, at the same time that the Petition which was presented to the House upon the 26th day of March last, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough of Chippenham, is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the Parties) accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the bearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Order for Bill Tiie House was moved. That the Order, made upon p*rt*o?:nd the 28th day of March last, that leave be given to bring Military Force in a Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation AftS|reaJ j of so much of three several Acts, made in the last Session Bills ordered. of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot, under certain regulations, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of the said Acts, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot, under certain regulations: And that Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Mr. Carry,

Mr. Secretary at War, and General do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Bill to revive and continue Militia Officers A cl, ordered.

English and Scotch Military Force Su l'penfioA Bill, presented.

Committee of Supply.

Eltimatcs, See, referred.

Militia Pay.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide, until the 25th day of March 1804, for the more speedy and effectual completion of the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up vacancies therein, might be read.

And the laine being read accordingly}

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Yorke, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain regulations) and the fame was received, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty)

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee; '*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such provision for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia 10

of Great Britain, for the year 1804, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace.be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such provision for defraying the expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace, as they shall think necessary;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee)

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House,-that His Majesty recommend^ it to the House to make such provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of Hispre-sent Majesty, as they shall think necessary }

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee )

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by . His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House to make provision for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1804;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum wanted in the present year to defray the sums awarded to be paid by the British Government pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and The United States of America, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans, " or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year 1803," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions by Loans, or " Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain for the " year 1803," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the sum of " £.2,009,000. for the uses and purposes therein mentioned," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of 1,500,000, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain for the " year 1803," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the estimate of the sum which may be wanted for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret

Sendees

Allowances to Militia OiHcers.

Allowances to Adjutants, &c. of Militia*

Iriflv Militia Pay, &c.

Ameries

Treaty.

Exchequer Bills.

Secret

Services*

44 Geo. III. 13°—16° Apritis. 207

B-tish

viuicom.

Bill to nug. Etut the K! iitia of htand, fictcrred.

Account of

Receipts, &e. It Ceyloii, entered.

Bill for accepting Offers of Irish Militia, paised.

1

Services for the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British JMufeum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Accounts of the British Blufeum 1803, and Estimate of Accounts for 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

• Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular and detailed Account of the Public Receipts and Disbursements at the llland of from the time when

it came into His Majesty’s possession until the latest period to which the fame can be made up.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fer-vicesof such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Y

Tellers for the Noes f ^r‘ ^an^es'

tellers for the iNoes^ Mf Whitbread

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

An ingross’ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, That voluntary offers of service shall be binding during the continuance of the Act.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2 1. li. To leave out, " that effect" and insert

" serve in Great Britain during the continuance of this Act," instead thereof.

39. To leave out " iftday of May 1805, and ‘ from thence until the end of the then " next Session of Parliament," and insert "25th day of March 1806," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent theie n limited, to accept the Services of such parts of His Miht a Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

Vol. 59.

100.

4

} 4,

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That the several Petitions of Committee Land.Owners, Barley Growers, Mali dvrs, and others, in the on

Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, JVarwick, Essex, and Trade. Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Com r.ittee be appointed, to consider of lo much of the said Petitions as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the importation and exportation of Corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign Corn imported, and of the bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their observations thereupon, to the I louse:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castler L< rd Viscount Brome, Mr. Corry, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Wallace, Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Sir Thomai Banbury, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. , Mr. Chap'in, Mr.

Dugdale, Sir Jacob Henry Aflley, Lo-d George Thynne, Mr.

Gregor, Mr. Western, Mr. Charles Smith, Mr. Harrifun, Mr.

Claude Scott, Mr. George Vanfitlart, Mr. Pattffm, Mr. Strutt: And they are to meet, Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and record?.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House Adjournment this day, adjourn till Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ways and means for raising the supply deferred, granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Committee o» 42d year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for Biii.U-the better regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 16° die Apritis;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, i 804.

Prators.

A PETITION of several Owners of Estates, Lands, and

Grounds, in the Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County Petition of Norfolk,was presented to the House, and read; taking Haddifcoe

notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and iadoiure Parish of Haddifcoe; and letting forth, That the said Bill BlJ1" contains divers powers and provisions which, if carried into effect, would be extremely prejudicial to the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against Rich parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Cc^nmittee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

Wabome

InclosurcBill,

presented.

Manea Inclosur- Bill, committed.

Thames and Med way Canal Bill,

' re Tented.

Milton Paving Bill, reported.

Petition against Temple Guiting fcaclolure Bill

Petition respecting Notices for Deptford Paving.

208

16° A prills. A. 1804;

mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their coun- to bring in a Bill for paving, deanfing, lighting, watching, fel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon and improving, the Streets and other public passages and their Petition, if they think fit. places in the said Parish: And therefore praying. That

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. tec, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to voices. them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Calcraft, &c.:

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley prefen ted to the House, according And they are to meet Tommorrow Mornings at Nine of the to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wa- clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend borne, in the County of Norfolk: And the lame was re- for persons, papers, and records, ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Gofhnm

■ Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the indoiureBill,

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Com- re*’orIec1, the Ille of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read a mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders second time. of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Mr. Secretary Torke, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and ternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. that the parties concerned had given their consent to the

Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to the ‘Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing and afterwards the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the said Canal and the works thereunto belonging, and for Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed for making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto: to by the House.

And the lame was received; and read the first time. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. grafted.

l:

c-:i i

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Town of Milton next Si in the County of Kent, a»id for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had' examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of Richard Perroit, Jasper Hewer, Lucy Williams, William Dowdeswell, William Winchester, George

Wood, and ‘Thomas Lowceny, was presented to the House,

and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Gutting, in the County of Gloucester; and setting forth, That there are several provisions in the said Bill, which the Petitioners conceive will be highly injurious to their property in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agent, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Commitee have voices.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 6th day of March last, notices have been given in the Maidstone Journal, and at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Kent, that application is making to Parliament for leave

Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, according Ufton j to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ufton, in the County of Berks: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingossed Bill for the better amending and repairing Taristock of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, paired. * and from Manadon Gate to The Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the lloads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to The Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Langmead do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Owners and Captains of Ships, and Petition of other Vessels, trading to and from the Port, Harbour, and River of Swansea, was presented to the House, and read; Swamea taking notice of the Bill for amending and enlarging the HarbourEmpowers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the lame; and setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass as it now Hands, it will be ruinous and prejudicial to the interests of Trade at Swansea, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the fame may not be passed into a Law, without inserting such clauses, provisoes, and restrictions, as may be necessary to protest the said River and Harbour, and its trade, from being prejudiced and injured, and that the Petitioners interests may be protefted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the term and alter and Bawtry nnd enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of ^'-1 his late Majesty and in the 22d year of His present Majesty, pitied, for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South fide of Wort ley in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, was read the third time.

Resolved,

"&s

'*1

'Ati

Voices to Committee on Cumberland and Dumfries Fineries Bill.

Stockport Roads Bill, passed.

Lords

Amendment to Axklam Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Accounts

presented.

Tam

reluting to Customs.

Com, &c. imported and exported.

4-1 Geo. III. .16® Aprills.

20 9

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for amending the Hoad from to Sheffield,

and from Sheffield to the South fide of Worthy, in the County of York,where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the fame relates to

the Road from Bazvtry aforesaid to , and through part of the Town of Tinfley to the place where the fame joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That all have voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several streams and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the lea, is committed.

An ingossed Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport to Saxon s Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of Chester and York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa:s: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to' Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 25. After " Adi" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further , " Enacted, That in case there shall " be any surplus of such Money as " aforesaid, then and in such case such " surplus Money shall be paid into the " Bank of England, and applied in the " manner directed by the said recited Act."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty imposed by the Act of 43 Geo. III. cap. 70, from its commencement to the 5th April 1804; distinguishing each Quarter: And also.

An Account of the quantities of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Grain, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, together with the Bounties and Duties paid thereon, from ill; January 1800 to ift January 18045 distinguishing each species and each year.

Together with a duplicate of the first of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other papers of this Selfton.

VOL. 59.

Ordered, "that Mr. Henry Alexander do carry to the Member Lords, the ingrossed Bill for empowering His Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fer- jjiji M the vices of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as may J-wd*-voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, and desire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Petition of several Owners arid Occupiers of Estates Pet!tJIJ11 in the Parishes of Great Chiverell, Little Chiverell, and rugate and Market Lavington,in the County of Wilts, was presented JUtcbetr’*

to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for re- g:1i. viving, continuing, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Weflbury, to Lalchett's Bridge, near the East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, lo far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the second District therein mentioned; and fetting forth, That if the fame should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to their estates, rights, and interests: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed} and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction- to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who cortie to the said Committee have voices.

Mr. Nicholas Vanflttart presented to the House, pursuant Estimate of to their Order, Duties in

An Estimate of all the Duties charged and outstanding Excise)SC°tCl1 in Bond or otherwise, under the management of the Com- vrefented. missioners of Excile in Scotland, on the 5 th of January 1803 and 1804, respectively 5 distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties 5 together with a duplicate thereof.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said, Estimate is inserted in the Appeftdix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 37.)

Mr. fames Adams presented to the House, pursuant to Account of their Order, -

An Account, shewing the number of Artificers borne presented. in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards on the ift of March ' 1801, 1803, and 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That tire laid Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

Note.—The Order for printing was discharged; and the said Account was withdrawn, on the 17th of April, and another presented on the 24th.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all subsisting Pensions, granted by the Crown ^ered!’ during pleasure, or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer, specitying the Amount of such Pensions, respectively, and the times when, and the persons to whom, and for whole benefit, such Pensions were granted.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Aytertmiy of the Bill for the preventing of bribery and corruption in Election Bill, the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the rime.lcc0ft(1 Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham-,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time

The Amendments following were propoied to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three months."

3 H And

Members added to Committee on Corn Trade.

Account of

Captains Commissions in the Militia, ordered.

Bill to revive and continue Militia Officers A ft, pre 1'en ted.

English and

Scotch Military Force Suspen-/ion Bill, deferred.

Bill to augment the Militia of Ireland, palfed.

Report

Supply.

210

16° A prills.

A. 1804

And the Question being put, That the word cc {land part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp i , Xr r Sir Robert John Buxton, )

Tellers for the leas, \ c- > n \

\ Sir George Ccrncwall: )

f The Lord OjJu/ston,

Tellers for the N oer,

) Mr. Hnrfl:

now.

63.

49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Laid Bill he now read a second time. Then the counsel against the Bijl was called in.

And the said Bill was read a second t:me; and the Petition against the said Bill, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, was also read.

And the counsel against the said Bill, was in part heard; and then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of counsel against the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Jnr John IVrottcsley, Mr. Robert Fellowes, Sir Robert Lazvlev, and Mr. Bastard, be added to the Select Committee on the Corn Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Captains Commissimns in the Militia, granted in confluence of the Act of 43 Gt’0. III. cap. 38, to persons not shewing Qualifications as required by the Acts of 42 Geo. III. cap. 90, and cap. qi, specifying the names of the Regiments in which the said Commissions have been granted, respectively.

Mr. Secretary Torhe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the establiQvnent of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies/therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rfolved, That the ^ill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was ,moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading a second time. Tommorrow, the Bill to suspend, for a/time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling HLs Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies by ballot in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

‘Tellers for the } ....

} ,.7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland to an extent therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary &t War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred 11

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the^Commiitee had directed him to report to the Hoiffe; winch he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in atThe Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are^C fplloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That jj*^11* ! a lum not exceeding Five Millions, be granted to His Ma- 1

jesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, 1

made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the ktft Session of j

Parliament, for raising the lum of Five Millions by Loans I

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the \

year 1803, outstanding anc! unprovided for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 1

a sum not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His j

Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer i

Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Lft t

Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of Four Millions, \

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year 1

1803, outstanding and unprovided for.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thomand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the iatl Session of Parliament, for raising the sum ot One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year 1803, outstanding and unprovided for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to 11 is Majesty, for paying off and dii-charging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the lum of Two Millions, for the uses and purpotts therein mentioned, outstanding and unprovided so>*.

Rfjived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Secret a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand ServACes* Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That American a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twelve thousand Treaty* Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the turns awarded to be paid by the British Government pursuant to the Seventh Article of the Treaty between His Majesty and / the United States of America, and that the said sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That BHrifli a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted MtUtum to His Majesty, towards-enabling the Trustees of \\ve British ATufeum to carry on the execution of the trulls repolcd in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Militia Pay. Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowancesto-Provision be made for making Allowances to Adjutants Adjutants,&c. and Serjeant Majors of the Mili.ia, diiombodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That D\ to Provision be made for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Irish Mito Provision be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and for the expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1804.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Orde*, reported from the Committee of the1 whole Houte, to vvium the D ll to amend an Act, made in the 42c! year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the iiouic; and

lie

L’rven Mnnu-f;i0iu'c i’iil, r;por:cJ.

Supply,

icr erred.

Ways and

Means,

ier'erred.

Wo reeder 2nd Birin: ig ham Cinai Bill, committed.

Morpeth

Debtors

Petition.

Gotham Inclosure Bill, passed.

Petitions of Mr. Black-Idoclc, and Mr. Joseph,

! a^ind Liverpool Improvement i Bill.

44 Geo. IIL i6°— 17° £11

he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itfetf into a.Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 17° die Aprilis;

Anno 44° Georgii ill"1 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

A BILL for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to

raise money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation, was read a second time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A• Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of Nottingham, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of Edward Blackj Vestry C!e"k of the Parish of Liverpool, in the County of Lane a for and on ‘

behalf of himself, and many other Inhabitants of the said Parish, Owners and Ocqupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the itcigu of His present Majesty, for making and widening certain Streets, Passages, and Places- in the Town of Liverpool, ,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other pur-, poses in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town; and Letting forth. That the Petitioner, and mod of the other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, will be materially affected, and their real property therein considerably injured in its value, should the said Bill pals into a Law: And therefore praying. That he may be heard by counsel against the fame.

A Petition of Elias Joseph, of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, Silversmith, Owner of certain Houses and Buildings in Lord Street and White Chapel, in the said Town, was also presented to the House, and read; like-wife taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioner will be very materially affected, and his said Houses and Buildings considerably injured, should the Vol. 59.

said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by counsel against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. St anleyreported from the Committee, to whom the Mmchester

Petition or several Inhabitants of the Towns and Neigh- Ko^spaiOon bourhoods ot Rochdale, Middleton, and Manchester, was re- reported, ferred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable; Where the fame was r^ad; and is as ftlloweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pafl’ed in the 38th \ear of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of chester, by a place called The While Smithy, in the Township of Crum-fal,to the Town of Rochdale, and several

other places in the County Palatine of , was

read; whereby it appeared, that the Roads therein comprized were divided into three separate District?, and one of them was thereby named The Rochdale District :—Then,

Mr. Thomas Ferrand, being examined, said, That the

Road comprized in the said District, cannot be kept in repair, unless the teijm and powers of the said Act, so far as relates thereto, are enlarged; and that it would be much more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to such Road, if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Distr.ft, was repealed, and further and other powers granted.

And the Witncls further said, that it would be useful and advantageous to the Public, if a deviation or new line of Road was ma le from the Market-house in by

Alkrington Park, Blakeley Chapel, liarpur Hey and Colley Hurjf De/ph,to the top of a place called The Shade in

Manchester

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending the Road leading trom the New on the Parade, in the Township of Cajlleion, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Paatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. -burne of Lancashire, tlo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lon- Petition of don Clergy, whnfe names are thereunto lublcribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Incumbents of Livings, referred to whose Income was regulated by an Act, passed soon after a Committee, the dreadful Fire of London in 1666, which was presented to the House upon the 22d day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fideiv.tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Bejf, Mr. Holford, c.:

And they are to meecTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and Milton watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Railages BlU*

and Places, within the Town of Milton, next in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructiotjs, nuisances, and annoyances, therein, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the

Streets,

17° Apnlisk A. 1804.

Streets, Lanes, and other public Paflfages and Places, within the Town of Milton, next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances thefein.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sutton and Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to

Roa^Bill whom the Bill for the better amending and repairing of

reported. * the Road, leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ronton and Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true •, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Account* The House being informed, that Mr. Bulky, from the prefcmed. Exchequer, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Permanent An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent

Taxes. Taxes in Great Britain, in the years and quarters ending

the 5th April 1803 and the 5th April 1804, respectively: And also.

Duties per An Account of the Net Produce of the several Duties Act*43 Geo. imposed by the Acts 43 Geo. III. Cap. 70, Cap. 81, and Cap. 12 a. from their commepcemedt to the 5th of April 1804; distinguishing each quarter.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

- Lift of Public The House being informed, that Mr presented11*’ fiom the Treasury, attended at the door, he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their order,

A Lift of Public Accountants in respect of whom the execution of any process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, under the authority of the Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, Cap. 54, Sec. 15, and which now remain in force.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

Appendix, The said Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 13.) volume.

of Customs paid thereon; distinguishing each year:-And also.

An Accofint of the quantities of Wheat and Flour, Barley and Malt, Rye, Oats, and Oatmeal, Pease and Beans, exported from, and imported into Scotland, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804; and of the Bounties and Drawbacks, and of all Duties paid thereon: And also.

An Account of all Bounties paid in Scotland on the importation of Wheat, Flour, Barley, Rye and Rye Flour, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803, respectively.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the price of Grain in general, and of Barley in particular, for two years last past, has been so low as to be very injurious to those Farmers whose lands are chiefly in tillage, and so situated as not properly to be converted into pasture; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second reading of the Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and conveniencies thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniencies, in the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several Aifts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the river Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire, be now read.

And the said order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Tarle-ton. General Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Earle, of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, and also, the Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley M Stanley, Baronet (which were presented to the House upon the 5th and 6th days of this instant April) be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an inftmetion to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Accounts The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mitford, presented. from the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their orders.

Malt exported An Account of the quantity of Malt exported from Scot-

and imported. iany to lreiand, and imported from Ireland to Scotland, in six years, ending 5th January 1804; and of the Duties of Customs paid thereondistinguishing each year: And also.

Malt carried An Account of the quantity of Malt carried Coastwise Coastwife. from Englandto Scotland, and from Scotland to England, in six years, ending 5th January 1804, and of the amount of the Duties of Customs paid thereon; distinguishing each year: And also.

Beer An Account of the quantity of Beer exported from

exported. Scotland to Ireland, and exported from Ireland to Scotland

in six years, ending 5th January 1804, and of the Duties

A Petition of Edward Blackjlock, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Liverpool,in the County of for, and on

behalf of himself, and many other inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read j taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioner, and many more of the inhabitants of the said Parish, will be very materially affected in their property and privileges, should the fame pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed •, and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr.

' by

Grain, &c imported 41k exported.

Bounties on. Importation of Grain,

Petition frog York shire, respecting t| Price of Grain.

Liverpool Docks Bill, committed.

Petition of Mr. Blatk-stock, agiinft

D9 Bill.

44 Geo. III.

17° Aprilis.

213

KurtherLlft of Irish M ilitia, who have offered their Services, p relented.

Appendix.

(No. 32.)

Bill to revive and continue Militia Officers Act, committed.

Member* added to Committee on Corn Trade. Account of

Mr. Secretary Yorke presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the further Regiments and Companies of the Irish Militia, which have made a voluntary tender of their services to be employed in any part of Great Britain during the War.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great , and for facilitating

the filling up vacancies therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. be

added to the Select Committee on the Corn Trade.

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The House being informed that the Account, shewing Account of the number of Artificers borne in His Majesty’s several Dock-yards on the ill of March 1801, 1803, and 1804, withdrawn * which was yeftfcrday presented to the House, was im-perfect;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account instead thereof.

Consolidated Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fund°oKiered. ■^CC0UQt of the total Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great , in the quarter ending

the 5th April 1804.

Bill respecting Statute J>uty, re-committed.

Papers relating to Ireland, presented.

Returns of Grand Jury Assessments,

Treasury

Bills.

Appendix,

'■ *(No.7.) t (No-38.)

I Dublin Police Bill, reported.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter and amend lo much of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the Sums to be paid by perlcns compounding for the performance of Statute Duty, was committed.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That, the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, uponThurfdaysevennight, the 26th day of this instant April, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Dickens, from the Office of the chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Returns to an Order of the Hpufe, of the 2d day of February last; " That the Treasurers of the several Coun-" ties, r.nd Counties of Cities, in Ireland, do return to this House, a Statement, whether any, and what sums " of Money have been levied by Grand Jury Assessment, " and paid over to any or what Houses of Industry, " in their respective Counties, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor " therein And also,

An Account of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, that will become payable in the year 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Returns and Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns* and Account f are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch ^herein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Vol. 59. ....

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces in Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804; both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Ireland, including the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also. Particulars of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Ireland, including the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay-master General, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also, , Estimate of the Charge of the encreased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, of an Allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be quartered, of an Allowance to Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces for Small Beer, and of an Allowance to the Non -Commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Forces, while on a March in Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days; And also, Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of The States General, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive,being 366 days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Ckelfea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital ndar Kilmainham, and of thd internal Expences of the said Hospitals, from 25 th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces for the year 1804: And also, 3.I Estimate.

Army

Estimate* presented:

Recruiting for Foice* in Ireland. -

General and StaiF Officers, D°.

Particular* of D*.

Supernumerary Officer*.

Allowance to

certain

Officer*.

Subsistence t* Inkeepers.

Half Pay.

Chelsea and

Kilmainham*

Hospitals.

Widows

Fenfionto-

214

17°—18°

A. 1804.

Barrack

Departed, ent in Ireland.

Hospital Ex^ences in D°.

Volunteer

Corps#

Foreign

Corps.

Military

College.

Military Alyl Mm.

Garrison

Service.

Augmentation to Military Establish-xneut.

Appendix*

(No. 39.

Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Department in Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also*

Estimate of the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty’s Forces in Irela, including the Provision of Medicaments, Bedsteads, and Bedding for General and Regimental Hospitals, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Sol-die s, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the further Sum required for Volunteer Corps it) Great Britain, on account of Expences incurred in the year 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, from 23th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military College for the year 1804; inclosing,

N° 1. Particulars of the annual Expence of the General Staff' of the Royal Military College for the year 1804:

N° 2. Particulars of the annual Expence of the Senior Department of the Royal Military College for the year 1804:

IV 3. Particulars of the annual Expences of the Junior Department of the Royal Military College for the year 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, within the year 1804, on account of the Royal Military Asylum at Che/fea: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Companies for Garrison Service in the West Indies and America, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Military Establishment of the United Kingdom in the year 1804.

Together with an Abstract and Schedule of the said Estimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table. The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix ) to this volume.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Mclfage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller ThelxmU

iwr/-j have pilled

and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to EUirctpcft-enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick, respecting the ages of peffons to be admitted into the into Older*, sacred orders of Deacon and Priest; to which the Lords ' desire the concurrence of this House.

Dublin Bakers Petition, referred to a Committee.

J/men Manufacture Bui,

| ailed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Act* relating The House was moved, That the several Acts made in Kerim the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and 14th, 36th, itc.ofir.land, 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th years of His present Majesty, to 'ra j and also, several Acfts made in the Parliament of the

co 1 ere . United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42d years of His said

Majesty, and in the iaftSession of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries, of might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Home will, tomorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

And the said Bill was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tinie upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

.Bill read.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Bakers of the City of Dublin, which was presented to the House upon the 24th day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Tl\at the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carry, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Sic.: And they are to meet tomorrow morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to. fend for persons, papers, and records.

The ingrossed Bill to amend an Atfl, made in the 42d year df His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be,

Mcrcurii, 18° die

Anno 440 Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. fames Graham reported from (he Committee, to Solway-whom the Petition uf several Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the Water of Solway, otherwise called Sol- reported! way Frith, and in the I ivers of Eden, Ejhe, and Annan, communicating therewith, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folluweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. nathan Holmes being examined said. That by the Statute Law of Scotland all Cruives, Zaires, and Fish Dams, within salt water, where the tide ebbs and flows, are ordained to be utterly destroyed and put down, and all Cruives and Zferes, that are let upon lands and Ihoals far within the water, be destroyed and put away for ever, excepting the Cruives and Zaires being upon the water of Solway, which, at the time of making the aforesaid Laws, was the march between the two independent kingdoms of England and Scotland-, and that the said Fisheries,were formerly of great value to the Owners and Occupiers of the fame, and of much public utility, but have become gradually left productive by the erection of Cruives, Zaires,

Fish Yards, Chamber Nets, and other engines and devices, formerly not practised or known in these parts; and also by the great destruction cf breeding Salmon, Kepper, and Sheddar Salmon, Gilfes, Trouts, and Whitings, otherwise Hidings, and of the fry or young brood thereof! whereby the said Fisheries have been rendeied and are bec ome altogether unprofitable, and nearly useless, to the great hurt and prejudice of the Public, as well as of the individuals interested-therein.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the year 1563, respecting the Salmon Fisheries of that Kingdom, to the Fisheries within the Solway Frith: And that Mr. fames Graham and Sir William Pulteneydo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol of Wilts, Fifl)erton at Fisherton Anger, was orefented io the House, and read; Anger complaining of their diltrels; and praying relief. Pebtor*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. etlUon*

Lord Viscount Murfham reported from the Selcft Com- Special mittee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the KePort frora several Petitions complaining of an undue election and re- Election!* turn for the County of Muldlesex, That he was directed Committee, by the Committee to report to the House, that Benjamin 6 Weal,

215

Whitchurch Roads Bill, reported.

futton and Newport

Bill,

polled*

Bttition a^ainst Bill io amend Krkheaton laclolurcAft.

Order for in Account ot Barracks ^ifthar^ed, and another Kdered.

44 Geo-. III.

18° Aprilis.

Weal,having been duly summoned to attend as a witness before them, had disobeyed such summons, and had not appeared in pursuance thereof.

The f Joule was moved. That the entry in the Journal of the Hmfe, of the 4th day of November 1796, of the proceedings of the House in relation to Alexander might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Weal be, for his said off.nce, taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do iftuc his warrant accordingly.

Mr. Leycester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, or two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Road> from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nanlwich and and from Hinjlock to Nantwichaforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and louud the lame to be true; and that the Committee had goiie through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then asecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall,in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other

Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was read the third, time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near in

the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Freeholders in the Parish of heaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township o 1 Kirkheaton,in the West Riding of the County of and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned; and set-cing forth, That there are several ciaules and provisions in the said Bih, which, if passed into a Law as it now Hands, will be highly injurious to their rights and interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bui.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thecon-sideration of the Committee, to whom, the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-lelves, their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 10th day of this instant April, "That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the several Barracks that were in the poliession of Government at the time of signing the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, together with the number of Men and Horfts which they were severally calculated to contain, distinguishing those Barracks which were hired, and specifying the dates when they were given up might be read.

Vol. 59.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several hired Barracks that had been hired, and were in possession of the Barrack Board at the time of signing the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens; together with the number of Men and Horses which they were severally calculated to contain; and specifying the dates when they were given up.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to lat*

consider of the several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ire- Rev enues,&c. land in the 13th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th, and ot lrel;ui4-40th years of His present Majesty, and also, several Acts made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the 41ft and 42d years of His laid Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries of Ireland, be.now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tyrwhitt Jones took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tyrwhitt Jones reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directetl him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow

The House being informed that Lieutenant Colonel Papers Gordon, from the Barrack Department, attended at the Barracks*0 door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented. House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Contraft entered into between Thomas Neill and the Barrack Matter General, for building t the Barrack at Chichester, in the County of Sussex: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Periods at which it was contrafted that the several Barracks should be completed, and of the several Penalties to be forfeited for non-compliance, as to the time or terms agreed upon;

And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Form and mode of making out the Certificates given by the proper Officers of the Barrack Department, ftaiing that the progress made upon the works has entitled the Builders to the several payments that have been made to them, and a Statement of the mode by which the propriety of granting such Certificates is ascertained: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the several hired Barracks that had been hired, and were in possession of the Barrack Board at the time of signing the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens; together with the number of Men and Horses which they were severally calculated to contain; and specifying the dates when they were given up.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which Accounts,

have been presented to this House, in the present Session of referred _ ".to Committee

Parliament, relpeaing Corn, Grain, and Malt, bcreicrred on Com

to the Selcft Committee on the Corn Trade. Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Parti- Particulars culars of the Sums charged under the head of Pensions, &c Allowances, Gratuities, or Incidents, of the Revenue, in Ireland, Stamp Office, Poll Office, Barrack Board, and Board of ol.act'cd-Works in Ireland, for the years lince the ift of January 1801; specifying each year, the time when each charge was incurred, and the Authority under which it was incurred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Awountof Monday last, " That there be hid before this House, an eunains

Account Cornmhlion*

in the IWiPUAj Jifdiarged.

Address

thereupon.

Engl lib and

Scotch Military Force Suspen-fion Bill, committed#

Committee of Ways and Means#

Account of Additions to Public Debt, presented#

Account of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

216 18° Ap A. 1804.

Account of the number of Captains Commissions in the Militia, granted in consequence of the Act of 43 III. cap. 38. to persons not shewing qualifications as required by the Acts of 42 Geo. III. cap. 90. and cap. 91.;" specifying the names of the Regiments in which the said Commissions have been granted, respectively; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Captains Commissions in the Militia, granted in consequence of the Act of 43 Geo. III. cap. 38. to persons not shewing qualifications as required by the Aifts of 42 Geo. III. cap. 90. and cap. 91.; specifying the names of the Regiments in which the said Commissions have been granted, respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Aifts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to the di red ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the annual Charge of the Public Debt by the interest of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, fub-sequent to the paffir.g of an Act 27 Geo. III. cap. 13. as required by the 73d section of the said Act; and also, an Estimate of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the year ending the 5th day of January 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Note.—The said Account was withdrawn, and another presented on the 18th day of June.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 18th of April, in the years 1798, 1799, ^oo,

1 So 1, 1802, 1803, and 1804, shewing the Funds on which they were separately charged, and distinguishing the

Amount in the hands of the Bank at each of those . periods.

The Order of the day being read, for the further hearing Counfet of counsel against the Bill for the preventing of Bribery fuqh^rb«ard and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Aylefcwy Parliament for the Borough of A, in the County Elation Bill of Buckingham;

The counsel against the Bill was called in, and further heard; and then he was directed to withdraw'.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Bill com-;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee nutte‘J* j of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday levennight, the 27th day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the New 23d day of March last, "That Mr. Speaker do not lfluehis Hrafd°tV warrant for the making out a new YVrit for the electing of Ayicibui>. a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury, until Friday the .2 7th clay of this instant April," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant for -

the making out of such new Writ, before Monday the 14th day of May next.

An ingrafted Eill for the better defraying the Charges of Dub,!n preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the a‘11,

District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch there?-in, was read the thirl time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving

the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District -

thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Ormsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their concurrence.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by His Estimate*, fit Majesty’s command, preiemed:

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Cai* Brttoa ment of the island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 1 ft of January to the 31 ft of December 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Bermuda*, ment of the Bermudas, or Somers , from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- ^c"Brunf\ ment of the Province of NewBrunswick, in America, from the W1C *

1 ft of January to the 31 ft of December-i 804: And also,:

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Nova Scotia. -ment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1804: And also,;

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Dominica, ment of the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- I

ment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called i&md. Prince Edward If and, from the ill: of January to the 31st of December 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Nezvfonndland, in America, from the * ,

ift of January to the 31st of December 1804: And

also, '

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- upPerCaIU 1 ment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804: And ’

ahb, . c

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- B*l>*n:aS-ment of the Bahama Ifands, in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame,

from tlfe ill of January to the 31st of December 1804; j

And also,

Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superinten* Superintendence of Aliens, according to the provisions of ^1^,. 1

an A ift, passed in the 43d year of His Majesty’s Reign, for the year 1804: And also,

An

44 Geo. III.

IS0—19°—20° Aprilis.

2 IT

Prosecutions rearing to Coin.

Military

Roods.

Printing of s journals, &c<

Reprinting

ofD».

Pnblishing

Records.

Jpftndix. (No. 40.

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the year 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expences that may probably be incurred for the Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, for the present year: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year 1804: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence that may be incurred for printing 1,7 jo copies of the 57th volume of the Journals of the House of Commons: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence that may be incurred for reprinting, in the proportion of eight volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports, of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of this House, in the last Session of Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Expences incurred in the year 1803, under the directions of the Commissioners, appointed by . His Majesty, for publishin-g the Records of the Kingdom.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates and Accounts are inserted in the ) Appendix to this volume.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 19°

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

Uchester

F.le&ion

Cosideration,

adjourned.

The lord* have agreed to

Bill to consolidate Volunteer A£U, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Verbefc’s Nat. Bill.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of , in

the County of Somerset, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms wa* font, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned j

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller and Mr. Stratford: k

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, with some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords delire the concurrence of the House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nlichael Vi erbek,to which the Lords delire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and fifty-seven Members only being present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration; and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three . *f the clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Vpl. 59.

Veneris, <20° die Aprilis;

Anno 44.’ Georgii IIItH Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the

Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, complaining of an Petition, undue election and return for the Borough of Ilchester, in «onCdered. the County of Somerset, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

A Member was sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and thirty-one Members being present;

The counftl and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of William Baldwin, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete; the counsel for the Petitioner declined nominating a Member to serve on the said Committee.

Note.—That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

w>

A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of in the County of Suffolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Lord Robert Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Cumberland whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the ad and 23d years Road* Bill, of His present Majesty, for amending the Iioad from reported Hfleet, by Tewes Bridge, to Cocker mouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Oakahtopton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for the elect- Wnt> ing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for1 the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in the room of James Strange, Esquire, whb, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buck* ing ham.

A Petition of the several Trustees for the care of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, whitehave* and also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, Har|x>«

1 K w«

steen Inclosure Bill% committed.

218

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in pursuance of lcavte granted by the House, on the 12th day of March last, Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Cumberland, and in the Newspaper called The Cumber-

land Pockety of the application, now making to Parliament, for leave to bring in a Bill for the several purposes mentioned in their former Petition: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

20° Aprilis.

A. 1804.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix.

(No. 41.)

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Petition whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants Jgotices'for of St. Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, was re- Deptford ferred; That the Committee had examined the matter of Paving, the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, reporte

liberation of a Committee: And that they do examine the as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the matter thereof; and report the Tame, as it shall appear to " L - j -c. ■- j '• j

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James Graham, Mr. John

Dowther, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and" records.

Dudley, &c. Road Bill, presented.

Mr. Joseph Scott presented to the House, according to

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr# William ParrelI being examined said. That in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 6th day of March last. Notices have been given in The Maidstone Journal, and at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the

Order, a Bill for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road County of Kent, that application is making to Parliament from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called for leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting,

The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Uftpn A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ufton, in the

Inclosure Bill, County of Berks, was read a second time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Vansittart, Mr. Charles Dundas, See.: And they are to meet ' this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Serjeant to take

Benjamin Weal to the Middlesex Election Committee.

Petition against Lambeth Street* Bill.

The House being informed that Benjamin Weal had been taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, pursuant to the Order of the House, of Wednesday last;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take the said Benjamin Weal to the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middlesex, when, and as often, as he shall be required by the Committee so to do.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for better cleansing (he Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and other public pai-sages and places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain powers and regulations, which, should the fame pass into a Law, would be very burthensome to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be

.watching, and improving the Streets and other public passages and places within the said Parish.-*—Theh the Witness produced to the Committee The Maidstone Journal of the 20th and 27th of March, and 3d of this instant April, containing the said Notices; and a copy of Notice affixed on the Sessions House door, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon the ad day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the said several Persons was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford,in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, therein: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Watson do prepare, and bring io» the fame.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Petition Parish of Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, re<PffH"f was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Tfiat, Woolwich in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 6th Improvement, day of March last. Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Kent, and in The Maidstone Journal, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Parish: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition; be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood,

See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against Gf the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power it# r*.j 0:11 fUaim d.... 1 a.i ..i r^ . ' . * .

the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Petition of Churchwar-

King’s Bench and Ilchester Debtors Petitions.

Account from Board of Agricultnre* presented.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in the King's Bench Prison: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Ilchefier Gaol, in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of The Board of Agriculture, for two years, from March L802 to March 1804.

And the Title was read.

Improvement

Bill..

A Petition of George Bainbridge and Daniel Allen, Churchwardens of the Parish of Liverpool,in the County of Lan- a^;nft easter, for and on behalf of themselves, and many other ilverpool" Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging,

,the powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and widening certain Streets, passages, and places, in the Town of Liverpool, and for several other purposes, in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town; and setting forth.

That the Petitioners, and mod of the other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, will be materially affected, and their real property therein considerably injured in its value, should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by counsel, against the fame.

-; Ordered,

Pabome iclolure Bill, amcnitted.

irton Bridge id Fam-orth Roads ill, reported.

Actonnt of the Average FricedtGrain, prriented*

r

defter

lettion—

Committee

minted.

44 Geo. III. 20°

219

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said BUI is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henderson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from, Barton Bridge, in the Parish of E ccles, in, to, and through the Township of Worjley, to a place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed -, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account'•! ' count of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, in the year Taxes"*11 ending 5th January 1803, and 5th January 1804, respec- ordered, tively; distinguishing those imposed before 1793, and the Amount of those imposed in each year since} aiftinguish-ing also, the Amount of the Duties postponed in the year ending 5th January 1803, which would otherwise have been paid into the Exchequer in that year, and were paid-in there in the year following; and the Amount of the Duties postponed in the year ending 5 th January 1804, which would otherwise have been paid into the Exchequer in the course of that year; and likewise shewing the diminution of the Revenue in those two years respectively, from the payment of Corn Bounties;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Lord* to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend ^voi^e«3'-the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeo- Bill, to be manry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further conCdereJ* Regulations relating thereto, be taken into consideration upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Bill to revive solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the "^5?"tinue Bill to revive, anti continue for a time to be limited, an Act officer* of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more deferred, speedy completion of the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

The House being informed that Mr. Catherwood, Receiver of Com Returns, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-fiiant to their Order,

An Account of the Average Prices of Grain per quarter, and Oatmeal per boll of 140 lbs. in England and Wales, from 13th March 1802, and of Grain per quarter, and Oatmeal per boll of 140 lbs. in Scotland, from 15th February 1802, to the latest periods to which the lame can be respectively made up; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Thecounfel and agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced Lift, as follows:

The Honourable George Walp, William Ord, Esquire, Lord Henry Petty, the Honourable Charles Lawrence Dundas, Thomas Godfrey, Esquire, the Honourable George Heneage, Lawrence Dundas, John RuthcrfurJ, Equire, Thomas Creevey, Esquire, William Alexander Esquire, Boyd Alexander, Esquire, Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquire, Lord Archibald Hamilton, the Honourable Robert Dundas.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel and agents were again calied in.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, That the said thirteen Members had, chosen the Honourable Charles Kinnaird, to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of William Baldwin, Esquire, and the Honourable Charles Kinnaird, were added to the said thirteen names.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Scleft Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Ilchester, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Vol. 59.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Addreftfbr Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc-tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of rent to the the dates of the Dispatches sent by Government, by Land East- Indies, or Sea, to the several Presidencies, and to the Officers commanding by Sea and Land, in India, communicating His.

Majesty’s Mcfiage to Parliament of the 8th day of March 1803:—And all'o, an Account of the dates of the receipts of those Dispatches in India:—And also, an Account of the dates of the Dispatches sent by Government, by Land or Sea, to India, communicating the Rupture with France :—And also, an Account of the dates of the receipts of those Dispatches in India; and likewise an Account of the dates of the Dispatches sent by Government to the Island of St. Helena, and the receipt of tho fame. -

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His,

Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Engliffiamd refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Scotch the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation suf-of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parlia- pension Bin, ment, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Mi-litary Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies, by ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Report* federation the Report of the Commissioners appointed for ^J^'lnland the purposes of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting Navigation,

" to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds to be " towards defraying the expence of making an Inland Na- con 1 ere

" vigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by -" nej's and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps " towards executing the fame," which was presented to the House upon the 10th day of this instant April, pursuant to the directions of an Act; of Parliament;

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 2d day of March last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the said Commissioners was referred, might be again read.

And

Coifidcml.

Reported.

Jfill ordered.

Report Ways and Means.

EztfieqTzer

Bills.

TP.

Militia Fay*

Allowances to Adjutants, See.

D® to

Subaltern

Officers.

Irish Militia Pay, Lc.

Report on Ait relating to the Revenues, 4pc. of Lit hndb

220

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobkoufe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhcufe reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be now received.

• Mr. Hobkoufe accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Easternto the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William,in Scotland.

And Mr. Hobhouse moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by I liver ness and Fort William, in Scotland: And that Mr. -

house. Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Lord Viscount Dunlo, Mr.

Hie kolas Vansittart, and Mr. Hawkins , do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and areas followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Eight Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for one year, beginning the 25th day of

March 1804, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His pre-ient Majesty, for one year, beginning the 25th day of March 1804, be defrayed opt of the monies arising from the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain, in time of Peace, for the year 1804, be defrayed out of the monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland during Peace, for the year 1804, be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed 10 by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon each of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. , Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A. 1804.

liament of the United kingdom in the 41ft and 426 years of His said Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries, of Ireland, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the said Report.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Acts, made in the 42d and 43d years of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending the several Laws for the better collection and security of the Revenues of Ireland, and the several Acts thereby continued, should be further continued and amended.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Otdered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. , Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Answer t* Address, of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be Addrefi. graciously pleased togive directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the dates.of all Dispatches transmitted by the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East to*indi*. India Company to the several Presidencies in India, relating ordered, to His Majesty’s Message to Parliament of the 8th day of March 1803, and to the Rupture with France; together with an Account of the receipt of those Dilpatches in India.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- supply solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deferred, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunev, 23° die Aprilis.

Anno 440 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayer s.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Cumberland and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the 2d and

23d years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road RoadsBiH, from Hefktt, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and other passed. Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of berland and Westmorland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the second and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, a$d other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

Ordered, That Mr. fames Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

20°—23° A prill's.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Brecon whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge Hoads1Bill, several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads report and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th years of His from the Town of , to the Parish of Brobury, and to present Majesty, 413d also, several Acts, made in the Par- Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relate

to

- 44 Geo. IIL 23° Apr ills. 221

to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of ,was referred; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were .. once read throughout; and then a second time, one by

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Brecon and Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Hajr Roads whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and , repom . en]afging j-jjg powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon to the Builtb and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwenin the County of and for

more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to tire Gate leading to Common, in the said County, was committed; That the i Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed I to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

FrtiHon of . A Petition of Benjamin Weall, of Harrow, in the County WcalTtobe Middlesex, Farmer, was presented to the House, and

dUckirged. read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is now in the custody of the Serjeant at Arms for disobeying an Order of the Committee on the Middlesex Election; and that he begs leave to express to the House his extreme lorrow for what he has done, and to assure them, that it was through ignorance that he did not immediately obey the Order of the Committee, and not from any want of duty or respect to the Committee or to the House: And therefore praying, That he may be discharged, upon his making such atonement for his offence as the House shall think proper.

And the House being informed that the Committee did not require his further attendance;

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Weall be brought to the Bar of this House Tommorrow, in order to his being discharged.

Manchester Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, tec. Road Bill, a Bill for more effectually amending the Road leading from presented. New pyan on the Parade in the Township of Castleton,

through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Town of Grantham, or within or near to the Notice*. several Parishes and places, in the County of Lincoln, through which the Road herein after mentioned passes, and is intended to pals, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition having been presented to the House in the present Session, praying, that leave might be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the lioad leading from the Great North Road at the South end of Spittlegatein the Parish of Grantham, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the County of Lincoln, the said Petition was referred to the consideration of a Committee and, upon a Report made from such Committee, leave was granted that Notices might be given at the then next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the parts of Kefteven, and for the Soke of Vol. 59.

Grantham, in the said County, iand allb in the Newspaper' called 'The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, of the application now making to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition; and that, in pursuance thereof, Notices were given at the times and in manner therein directed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Earle Welby, Mr. ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Lord Henry Petty, from the Select Committee appointed ilchester to try and determine the merits of the Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, complaining of an undue cledlion and return for the Borough of Ilchester, in the county of,

informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That John Manners, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And all’o, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petition appeared to the said Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and Whitchurch enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and Bl11, widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of p Salop, to the Road between Nantzvich and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Hinstock to Nantzvich aforesaid, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the

Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the

Road between Nantzvich and Newcaft and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Leycester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improving. Barton Bridge and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Barton word^Road* Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, in, to, and through the Bill, passed. Township o i Worsley,to a place called Moses Gate, in the

Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, in, to, and through the Township of Worjley, to a place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Henderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, to North'Bnulley whom the Bill for indoling Lands within the Manors of inclosure Bin, North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, reporte in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at jf. 112. 5 s,who refused to lign the Bill, and allb the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.227. i$s. who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 2,870. 15 s.; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

L wards

222 23° Apr ills. A. 1804,

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. \

Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Motion for Bill to defray the Expence of Prolecu-tions out of the County Rates, to be considered

A Motion was made. That leave be given to bring in a Bill for defraying the expence of Prosecutions by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and , out of the County Rates.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. have igrcodto Pophapt;

Mr. Speaker,

Montrose The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar; without any Amendment: And also,

Taviftockand The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Plymouth for the better amending and repairing of the Roads lead-* ' ing from the Lower Market House in to

Town Gate, in the Borough of , and from Manadon

Gate to The Old Pound, near Plymouth , in the County of Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Irifc Revenue Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, ®.ilI» a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts

preen for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s

Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein: And the fame Was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Militia Pay, Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according *c- Bill» to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

pre ente . Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fetond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Militia Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, further continue, and amend, presented. so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Irith Militia Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Pay, fcc. BiD, to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and presented. Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for muting allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander pfefented to the House, according Exchequer to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, prefemed. for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Lord* sideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry considered. and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; i

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal j

of the House, of the 17th day of May 1757, and the 14th day of June 1802, and of the subsequent proceedings of the House, in relation to the Amendments, made by the the Lords, to several Bills rdpefting the Militia, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be referred to the Referred t* confederation of a Select Committee; and that they do committee, report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary Torke,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War,

Lord Viscount Cajllereagk, Mr. Tierney, the Matter of the

Rolls, Mr. Steele, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Curwen, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Calvert,

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Sheridan, Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Francis, Sir Martin Browne the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. Leycester, Mr. Francis Burton, Mr.

Windham, the Earl Temple, Mr. Grenville: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Houie, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act of the last Militia*1 'U* Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy officer* Act completion of the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up vacancies therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Election*

deferred*

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Consideratiw 6th day of this instant April, for taking into consideration, Tommorrow, the several Petitions respecting the right of Lidreard* Election for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Thursday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette-, and also font to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Lijkeard.

Mr. Peter Moore presented to the House, according to shuttington Exchequer Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote Irefeated.8 ’ f^.'h^oloooo) to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of One Million Five and in the Parish of Shuttington, in the County

presented. of

44 Gfco. jtXI*

S30—24°

S23

etition for cave to relent & ctition {pefting feftminster ourt House*

of Warwick t And the lalue iVAs received: arid read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act, made in the 18 th year of His laid Majesty, for erecting a building for holding the Courts

The Yeas went forth.

t* ii r lu v f The Earl We,

Teller for the Yeas, JMr

Tellers for the Noes, 1 So it paired in the Negative.

\Tierney Wallace:

s

204.

256.

. _ _ _. . Resolved, That an Humble Address be presented to His Addrest for

of the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter in Westminster, and for Majesty, that He will be gfaciously pleased to givfe direc-holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City, tions, that there be laid before this House; an Account of Fbree. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth: That the efftftive numbers of the Regular, Fencible, Militia, the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said and Volunteer Force, employed in His Majesty’s Service Act, and have, purfQant to the powers thereby given: pur- on the 1 ft of january 1793: 15^94, 1795, to 1803 inclusive, chafed certain houles and premiies, and cauied the same to and on the ift of April 1804: distinguishing the numbers be taken down, for the purpose of erecting the said Court serving abroad.

House on the ground occupied by such houses and pre- Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His mises; and that considerable inconveniences to the approach Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His to both Houses of Parliament being apprehended in case Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, the said Court House shall be erected on the said ground 5

The other Orders of the day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour after Three of the clock on Tuesday Morning:

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, relblve Way* and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

and th&t the Petitioners having lately found that the Dean and Chapter of Westminster are willing to fell the feite of the Market for the City of Westminster (the said Market having fallen into disuse) which will be a much more convenient spot for the erection of the said Court House than

Love given*

the ground vested in the Petitioners by the said Act, have further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted agreed to fell the ground lb purchased by the Petitioners, to His Majesty. to His Majesty, for the use of the Public, and are desirous of Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Supply/ obtaining power to purchase the feite of the said Market, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of detened* together with such further powers as may be necessary, to the Supply granted to His Majesty. enable them effectually to build and complete the said.

Court House > and that it was not till £,er the time And, then the House adjourned till tht, Morning,

limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private even 0 e c oc

Bills had expired, that the Petitioners were informed of the possibility of purchasing the feite of the said Market, and any delay in the building of the said Court House will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be attended with much inconvenience in the administration of Justice in the said City: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to present a Petition for the purposes aforesaid, notwithstanding the time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills has expired.

, Ordered, That; in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Mr.

The Lords hare agreed to

Pttition

jrciented*

Mart is, 24° die Aprilis;

Anno 44* Georgii III*1 Regis 1804.1 Prayxrs.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act stock port , r . .. _ , for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Road* B,1‘

pen a Petition of the said Commissioners being offered Stockport,in the County of Chefer, to Saxon's Lane End,

to be presented to the House; in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty s ^erem mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lon-command)acquainted the House, That His Majesty,having ca§^r irvthe County of York; without any Amend*

K^on inmrmpH nf thp rontonVr rtf th*> loir! PatiMnn * 7 . , Tr 4

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ^1"^* continue the term, and . alter and enlarge the powers of on^. Hn°ver two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of over Worthy

to Newtown River; and a'lb, the Road from Wor thy -

down aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the

And

been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the Taft preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

Iddreft for Lift of Imcers on Ult-pay.

lotion

rtpccting the

fe’ence of Country.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the County of Southampton; without any Amendment matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

j The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bawtryand

And it is referred to Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of Sf,ffield R°ld

And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the two Acts> paired in the thirty-third year of his late Ma- " dock, in the Speaker s Chamber} and have Power to lend :eft and in the twenty-second ytfar of His present Majesty, forpersons, papers, and records. for amending the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Sheffield to the South fide of ,in the County of Majesty, that he will be graciously ple.ifed to g.ve direc- York’ where 11 JoinS' !he Jurnpike Road leading from tions, that there be laid before this House, a List of all Rotherham to so far as the same relates to the Officers on Half-pay, distinguishing their several ranks; and Road from aforesaid to and through part

specifying those who are upon the Staff, and those who are ^ie Town of Ttnjley to the place where the lame joins ‘ ‘ the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield \ without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Temple Bar, raising an additional sum of Money for carrying into exe- bSu?’* cution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more com-it be referred to a Committee, to revise the several Bills modious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit which have puffed this House, during the lastand present of the Orphans Fund, certain sums of Money for those Sessions of Parliament, for the Defence of the Country, purposes; and also, for enlarging the powers of the said and to consider of such further measures as may be necef- Acts; without any Amendment: And also, fery to render the said Defence more complete and per- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lord* manent; vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in fee fimpLe, cer- ave |

The House divided. tain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the y^*gUi.

Vol. 59. U 41ft

unemployed, and fit for service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Benjamin

Weall

reprimanded and discharged*

Irish Revenue Bill, committed.

Bill respecting Persons admitted into Orders, committed.

Petition re-spetting Notices for Wnrk Inclosure.

224

24° Apr ilis. 1804.

41 (l year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of " John Henry Maw,- of Warmf in the County of " York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying

" out the clear Monies thence arising, under the direction of " the Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other Estates,

" to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses;" and for, by the present Act, settling a fee Ample Estate on him the said John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-

mentioned Estates; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Benjamin Weall'ms, according to Order, brought to the Rar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth;

Benjamin W’all,

A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Middlesex Election, have reported, That you, having been duly summoned to appear as a Witness before them, disobeyed that summons, and did not attend in pursuance thereof.

It is highly necessary that it should be known and felt, that the Power of this House will at all times overtake and punish all offenders against its just Authority: and you having presumed to disobey that Authority, this House thought fit that for your offence you should suffer imprisonment.

Nevertheless, being willing to believe, according to your own Statement, that your offence proceeded more from ignorance than intention, and accepting your submission, this House has ordered that you be now discharged; and you arc discharged accordingly, paying your fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Benjamin Weall, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders ot Deacon and Priest, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Commonable Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 23d day of March last. Notices have been duly given on the door of the Parish Church of Simonburn,of the application made to Parliament in the present Session, for inclosing certain Lands in the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. /

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Niqe of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- AMtionii unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Petition for setting forth. That a Petition was presented to the House Moor.X:. on the 22d day of February last, for leave to bring in a indofurei Bill for inclosing several Moors or Commons situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, and leave was given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; and that there is allb, within the said Parish, certain other Commonable Lands called Efcomb Carr, and it would be a convenience and advantage to the Proprietors of all the said Commonable Lands, if provision were made in the said Bill for inclosing the said Cartr; and that it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for such provision until the 28th day of February last, no notice has yet been given of any application to Parliament for that pupose, but all the Proprietors are consenting thereto; And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the Bill to be brought in, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition, for inclosing Efcomb Carr aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road Dudley, a-c; from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Weft Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfi,in the County of Warwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joseph Scott,

Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Verbek’« Nat. for naturalizing Michael Verbek, was read the first time. Bill, iyad.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition others, concerned in the Irish Linen Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Trade, have observed with concern, that a Duty has lately been laid on the Export of Irish Linen Cloth from Great Britain and Ireland to all Foreign Countries, varying in the Rates from if to 4 per-Cent. upon the value; and that the Petitioners apprehend the direct tendency of this Duty goes to discourage the Linen Export of this Country to Foreign Markets, and to afford of course a proportionate encouragement to the Linens of other Countries, our competitors and rivals; and that a Bill having passed in the present Session for continuing the Duty, and an intention having been expressed of rendering it perpetual, the Petitioners are constrained to offer their tellimony against a measure, the consequences of which they cannot contemplate without apprehensions of the most serious concern; and that Ireland received the Linen Manufacture from Great Britain upwards of a century ago by a solemn Compact between the two Kingdoms, and for a great and valuable consideration, and the Linen Manufacture of Ireland was

thereby exempted, on going into or through Great Britain, from all Duties and Imports, and was likewise of right 1

entitled to every encouragement which Great Britain could afford; and that, conformable to the principle of this Compact, Great Britain continued to act, in all cases respecting the Linen Manufacture of Ireland,until the present in-stance; and that the Legislatures of both Countries, concurring at different periods, did, by a wife system of Bounties, Premiums, and Regulations, lay the broad balls of that extensive prosperity to which the Linen Trade of Ireland has since arrived, as appears by a companion of the 3 Export

44 Gf.o. III. 24° A prills. 225

Export before and since that measure was established; and that the Linens of Ireland are still liable to the fame competition in Foreign Markets which they have always experienced from Foreign fabricks, the rates of Linens being advanced to the Irish Manufacturer from various internal causes, in the proportion of at least 20 per-Cent. in the course of a few years, while* at the same time, the Petitioners have to lament, that, from the year 1796 to the present period (taking one year with another) there appears an annual decrrease in the Exports of no less than ten millions of yards; and that the Petitioners apprehend these facts form a very serious ground of consideration, as relating to an object of some importance in respect to the Commerce of the Empire, and the consumption of Great,

but in the highest degree essential to the dearest interests of Ireland, as affecting its staple and only extensive manu-

facture, the prop of its industry, the nurse of its population, and the main pillar of its credit; and it is for the House to consider, whether it will give effect and continuance to a measure which goes directly to counteract that system, from whence the growth, extent, and prosperity of this valuable Manufacture has so evidently proceeded; and that the Petitioners consider themselves unhappy in being obliged to come forward, at this period, with their prayer against a measure which goes to raile any part of the Public Supplies; but, as in point of Revenue, the amount of this Duty cannot be an object of importance, and the mifchiets arising from it may be of very serious consequence to this Country, and as the House has been plfcaled to entertain exceptions to the generality of the Tax in favour of certain other Manufactures, some of them of great extent and unrivalled excellence (particularly the Cotton Manufactures of Great Britain) the Petitioners hope for a liberal construction of their motives, and that they will not be deemed unreasonable in praying, that the Linen Manufactures of Ireland may, in like manner, be admitted as an exception to this Tax, as the Cotton Manufactures of the United Kingdom already are: And therefore praying, That the House will take the subject matter of their Petition into its serious consideration, and grant such relief in the premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pubifc1*^® The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d Account* of year of His present Majesty, for directing certain Public Ireland, Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament; and for 0 . discontinuing certain other forms of Account, might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other forms of Account now in use: And that Mr. Foster, Mr. John La Louche, and Sir John do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

B.U tTdetray Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, the Expence made yesterday, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for tiomoutof clefrayuiS the Expence of Prosecutions, by Order of the the County Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of thd Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will picafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. S?r Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that, leave be given to bring in a ■Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by Order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates.

' And Sir Robert John Buxton moved the House accord-

ingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by Order of the Yol. 59.

Justices of the Peace in England and Wales out of the County Rates: And that Sir Robert John Buxton and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the year alc<1

ended the 5th of January 1803; and also, of the aiftual Pay- irtimd, ment thereout, and of the total Charge thereon, in respect or Je.cd. of the said year, specifying also the surplus of the said Fund.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir James Petition of W right, Baronet, Archibald Hamilton, and illiam Knox, of

Esquires, surviving Executors of the last will and testa- wniduT ment of Sir James Wright, Baronet, deceased, formerly referred to a Governor of the Province of Georgia, in North America, Comroittce* which was presented to the House upon the 9th day of this instant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shalLappear to them, to' the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom Petition the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of was \v0<,iwicii referred; That the Committee had examined the matter improvement, of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the rcpo,tc'i' fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Moore being examined, feid. That in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 6th day of March last.

Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Kent, and in Lite Maidstone Journal, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Parish.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 2d day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse for the reception and employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, in the County of Kent, and for their better regulation and support; for enlarging the Burial Ground; and for paving, ckanf-rng, lighting, and watching the Streets, and othet public passages and places, in the said Parish, and removing and preventing all nuifences, annoyances, and encroachments therein: And that Sir William Gear and Mr. Watson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thame: and Lhames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing committed, the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging, and for altering an$l enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fgr making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering Brecon and and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed for repairing Hay Roads the Road from the Town of Brecon to the Builth and Hay Bill»passed. Turnpike Road near Llyfwen, in the county of;

and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from 3 M the

A. 1804.

226

24° Aprilis.

Brecon Roads Billy

paired.

York shire Woollen Manufacturers Petition, reported.

the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to irengy Common, in the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwen, in the County of Brecon; and for more 'effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relate to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relate to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Cookson, a Manufacturer of Woollen Cloth in the neighbourhood of Leeds, being examined, said. That he has begn concerned in the Woollen Manufacture about 32 years; and being further examined, said. That heretofore the Woollen Manufacture in the West Riding of Yorkshire,has been carried on in a domestic way by Master Clothiers, who have served regular apprenticeships to the trade, and brought up a vail number of apprentices under them; which Mailer Manufacturers always employed the Poor in their neighbourhood as workmen, and the trade was conducted partly in the Mailers houses, and partly in the workmen’s, and the whole was wrought by manual labour: That within the last twenty years the general trade has considerably increased, and machinery has been introduced, and is now used inalmoll every branch of the manufacture; the use of which machinery, in the preparatory procels of the raw material, is conceived by the Mailer Clothiers, who are now the Petitioners for relief, to be useful in carrying on the trade; but the collecting the looms in large manufactories, where the raw material goes through the preparatory processes, which is becoming very prevalent, will, if not restrained,.tend to destroy the domestic system above described, which has hitherto been preduftive of the mod beneficial effects: That a system, thus beneficial and benevolent, which, in increasing the population of the districts where it exists, at the same time spreads it over the country, and aids and assists rather than impedes the agriculture of it, will be sacrificed, if some remedy is not provided by factory Establishments; and it is the object of the present application to prevent this, for the domestic system is evidently, from the nature of it, of flow growth, and if once destroyed may probably never be revived.—And being aflted. What alteration in the present Laws he conceives to have become necessary for the better regulation of the Woollen Manufacture; he said. That the 27th, 28th, and 32d sections of the Act of the 5th of Elizabeth, cap. 4. requiring the parents of apprentices in the Woollen Trade to be pof-lelled of £.3. per year out of Cities, Towns Corporate, and £. 2 per annum in Cities, operates as a restriction with respect to apprentices, and checks the domestic lyftem,

and ought to be repealed: That the Penalties imposed to enforce and protest the use of apprentices, are so very small, they could not be felt by the wealthy Manufacturer, thou Id he be inclined to transgress the Law, and cannot therefore, unless increased, operate to protest the domestic system by requiring apprenticeships; and the restrictions as to the number of looms appear absolutely necessary, to prevent the large Manufacturers (in whose factories persons not having served apprenticeships are employed indiferi-minately with those who have) from swallowing up and totally annihilating the domestic trade. It is proposed therefore, to increase the Penalties for employing persons not brought up to the trade as apprentices, and to limit the number of looms to be used in the fame house or factory.

And the Witness added. That, as to the numerous Acts which contain provisions with relation to the trade, which have been considered as obfblete, the Petitioners do not presume, for they do not feel competent, to enter into them. It would require a knowledge of the whole trade, as applied to other branches of it, and to other Counties and parts of Great Britain, which they do not profess; and they have therefore confined the application to the evils affecting themselves, which, if not speedily remedied, will put them out of the reach of relief.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Cloth Manufacture in the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Members of the Society for bettering the condition of the Poor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the infectious Fever has been for a long time very prevalent among the Poor of London, the average of those who, during the preceding century, have annually died of that disorder within the Bills of Mortality, having exceeded three thousand; and that this calamity has been continued and increased by the circum-stance of there being many narrow Courts, Lanes, and Paf. sages, and some public Buildings in the Metropolis, from which the infection has not, for manyyears,been expelled by the proper means of purification; and that the Petitioners, and other Members of the Society for bettering the condition of the Poor, having noticed the beneficial eiFefts of the Fever lnftitutionsat Manchester, Waterford, and other places, have endeavoured to form a similar.lnflitution in the Metropolis, and called a meeting, and opened a subscription for that purpose; but the collection has not been adequate to its object, it has, however, been sufficient to establish in Gray's-Inn-Lane a Fever lnfti tut ion, which, though on a contracted scale, has received, and has already cured and discharged, a considerable number of Fever Patients, and has also white-washed and purified several of their habitations in which inteftious Fever had been prevalent; and that some Parishes of the Metropolis have manifested an inclination, and adopted measures, to co-operate with this Institution, but where so large a proportion of the Inhabitants belong to Country Parishes, and are only occafronal residents in Town, the difficulty of providing, in the first instance, an adequate remedy for to inveterate an evil exceeds the ordinary powers of Parish relief; at the same time the interest of Individuals, in any measures to be adopted, is rendered more weak and more distanf, whitft the danger to the Public is greatly augmented, and in fast generally extended, by the constant communication between the Metropolis and every part of the United Kingdom; and that the Society for bettering the condition of the Poor, imprefied with these considerations, and being de-

lira us

North Bratffy Inclosme ftdl, passed.

Petition for Leave to

present f Petition, for a Fever Instituuon in Lon doe

Xeive given.

Petition

presentedL

Petition of Mr Hony~ * wood, rel peeing Totham In closure.

withdrawn, and another ordered.

44-Geo. III. 24° Aprilis.

227

firous to contribute towards an object lo important, has named the Petitioners a Select Committee, to solicit public aid, and also to collect private subscriptions, so as to form one general Fund towards exterminating Fever Infection, and preventing in future its destructive prevalence in the Metropolis} and that the Petitioners havereason to expect, that if such measures can be carried on upon an adequate scale, for three years only, the infection may be so reduced, and the necessary measures so facilitated and understood, as to make Parochial and District Establishments, with the Occasional aid of Hospitals and Dispensaries, so far competent to the object of checking the prevalence of infectious Fever, as to render any future appeal to the Public in that behalf unneccssary •, and that the Petitioners were unable to obtain His Majesty’s recommendation to the object of their Petition until the day appointed by the House for receiving private Petitions had elapsed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for such relief and assistance as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in confederation of the particular circum-starices let forth in the said Petition, leave.be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last: preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in 'a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. JV, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Filmer Honywood of Marks Hall, in the County of Essex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner petitioned the House upon the 19t.l1 day of December last, for leave to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for the I nclosure of certain Waste Lands called Tip-tree Heath, in the Manors of Great Tot ham and,

in the Parish of Tot ham, in the County of Essex, which Bill was brought in accordingly, and was, upon the 27th day of February last, read aftcond time, and*committed; and that the Petitioner, having underftcod that the Notice given of the application to Parliament extended either to the confirmation of the said Agreement, or to an inclosure of the Waste Lands in the said Manor and Parish, thought it ad-vilable to petition only for a Bill to confirm and establish the said Agreement; but being now informed that the Not ice so given had no reference to such Agreement, but was only for inclosing the said WafteLands, he is advised that the present Bill cannot be proceeded founder such Notice; and that great inconvenience will arise to the parties inter-efted in case the inclosure and improvement of the said Waste Lands should be delayed beyond the present Session: And therefore praying. That, as the proper Notices have been given for the Inclosure of the said Waste Lands, the House will give leave to withdraw the said Bill, and permit another Bill to be presented for such Inclosure in the said Manor and Parish of Great Totham.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 27th day of February last, for the commitment of the said Bill, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Calcraft and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring so, the fame.

Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the Orderof the day, for the second read- Exchequer fog of the Bill for raising the lum of Eight Millions, by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, committed00* for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander,according to Order, reported from Bill t» revive

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to and continue revive and continue, fora time to be limited, an Act of the Jaft Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy reported, completion of the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacan-

cies therein, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Exchequer reading of the Bill for raising the sum of One Million Five K'11 hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, committed: for the Service of Great Britain, for the year 1804, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

• The House being informed that Mr. Ozven, from the Account of Directors of the East India Company, attended at the,

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,presented to the Company, House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

Annual Account, made up to ill day of March 1804, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the East India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts,

Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the tame for the current year, and a Statement ot their Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix. volume. (No. 50.)

The House was moved. That the two full of the Refo- Motion lutions (relative to the railing of the sum of Eighteen Mil- relative to lions, by way of Annuities) which, upon the 8th day of I^1etg.jLoan December 1796, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And /the fame were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for raising the sum of Eighteen Millions, by way of Annuities, might, be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That

the

1

228 24°—25° A prills. . 1804.

the said Resolutions, and Act, be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole Housej

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fa the Yeas;L"^. } 76'

Telle, for the Noes,^ } too.

So it passed in the Negative.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

irf6* °h t count of the dates of any Dispatches sent by the Court of St! Helena, ° Directors of the East India Company, or the Secret Com-«rdered. mittee of the fame, to the Island of , with re-

ference to His Majesty’s Message to Parliament of the 8th day of March 1803, and also to the Rupture with together with the dates at which the fame were respectively received.

Answer to Lord Viscount Cajllereagh reported to the House, That Address. their Address, of Friday lait (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Accounts ordered:

Wine.

Sugar.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Wine imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in five years, ending 5th January 1804; distinguishingeach year, and how much remained under Bond on the 5th January in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Raw Sugar imported into, and of Raw and Refined Sugar exported from, Great Britain, in three years, ending 5th January 1804, and of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks and Bounties received thereon j distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That Mr. Middleton

added to 7

Committee on Committee on the Corn Trade. Corn Trade.

be added to the Select

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. i

A Bill to revive, further continue, and amend so much Militia, of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain allowances to Adjutants and Ser--

jeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, Tefolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloath- Irift MHitU } ing of the Militia of Ireland-, for holding Courts Martial fa3r» on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed1 during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 25° Aprilis;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Account of Ships in commHTion withdrawn, and another ordered.

Accounts presented:

Ships in Commission.

Artificers in Dock Yards.

Appendix,

(No. 42.)

Militia Pay, &e. Bill,

committed.

Notice being taken. That there was an inaccuracy in the QIR Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the' House, BHartorit, Account of the number and nature of His Majesty’s Ships O according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the and Vessels in commission, and of hired Armed Ships and Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of Great Eastoet, p^med.

Vessels, and of all other Ships, Vessels, and Boats, armed and Drayton, in the County of And the fame

for the Public Service, on the 31st of December, 1793, was received; and read the first time.

J794> *79$’1796» *797> 1798> *799* and 1800>the 30th Resolved, That the Bill be read asecond time,

of September 1801, the 31st December 1802 and 1803,

and the 15th of March 1804, which was presented to the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Maw'sEfate House upon the 5th day of thisinstant April; vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in fee simple, certain Kill, read.

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a Estates, comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the 41ft proper Account presented instead thereof. year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Mazv, of Mr. James Adams presented to the House, pursuant to " JVar in the County of Esquire, in Trustees, their Orders, " to be sold, and for laying out the clear monies thence

An Account of the number and nature of His Majesty’s " arising, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in Ships and Vessels in commission, and of hired Armed Ships " the purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and Vcffejs, and of all other Ships, Vessels, and Boats, "and to the Tame uiesand for, by the present Act,

armed for the Public Service, at the periods under-men- settling a fee simple Etlate on him the said

tioned, viz.on the 31st of December 1793, *794> 1795> of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe.

*796, 1797» 1 ?'j8» 1799* and 1S00, the 30th of Sep- deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned Estates, was tember 1 bo 1, the 31st of December 1802 and 1803, and read the first time.

the 15th of March 1804: And also, Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An-Account, shewing the number of Shipwrights £nd Artificers employed in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, on the A Petition of feme of the principal Inhabitants, Owners Petition ift of March 1801, 1803, and 1804, respectively; distin- and Occupiers of Land and Houses in the Parish of ^"8 guishing Shipwrights from Artificers. Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to LsmfcSh*

And the Titles were read. the House, and read; setting forth. That in pursuance of Streets.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, leave granted by the House on the 20th day of March last.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of Members of the House. the Peace holden for the County of Surrey, and also in the

The laid Accounts arc inserted in the Appendix to Newspaper called drains volume. culated in the said County, of application having been

made to Parliament for leave to make provision for lighting A Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloath- and watching certain parts of the said Parish, in a Bill now ing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand pending in the House, for better cleansing the Streets, and tight hundred and four, was, according to Order, read a other public passages and places, in the said Parish: And iecond time. therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Bill for those purposes.

5 Ordered,

ic Lord 9 ,vc agreed to

ill for cepting fers of Irish ilitia.

in to

lament the lilitia of xlind*

lill to amend Rirkheaton Urlofure A&, rported.

Petition

Manea

Indofiire Bill.

Temple Suiting Incioiure Bill, & ported.

44 Geo. III.

229

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Lord William

Rnffe/l, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and reconds.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Popham.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering his Majesty todireft the augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an extent therein limited; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Henry Beaumont, of Whitley, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, Esquire; and also, the Petition of several Freeholders in the Manor and Township of; and also, the

Petition of several Freeholders in the Parish of Kirkheaton, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the two first-mentioned Petitions, and had considered the last mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read through* out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for empowering the Rector to grant Leases.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Morris Lord Rokeby was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manein the Ille of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and setting forth, Thai; the fame contains divers clauses and provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to his rights and interests: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his counsel, agents, or witnesses, against such parts of the said BilL

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel, agents, or witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple

VOL. 59.

Guiting, in the County tif Gloucester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Perrott, Jasper Hewer,

Lucy Williams, William Dowdeswell, William Winchesteri George Wood, and Thomas Louoceny, was referred; That (he Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him td report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, according Hants, Sussex, to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, Dorset by a Charter, a Company, to be called The Hants, Sussex, company’* * and Dorset Insurance Company, for granting Insurances on bC Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Infur- Preftmed» ances against loss or damage by Fire: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon BJirefpeainf the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to admitted enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick into Orders, respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to -report the same to the House; without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ir;o, Revenue resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill, deferred, the Bill to continue, for'a time to be limited, several Acts for tfce better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

■ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last for Session of Parliament, for regulating the Vessels carrying regulating Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, Paiiengers to ' with respect to the number of such Passengers, might be read. considered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolvid, That this House will, immediately, resolve Considered, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,1 That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported.

3 N Committee,

Bill ordered.

Ireland—

Accounts

presented.

Kemm of Grand Jury Assessraent.

Imports and Exports.

Linens

exported.

Malt charged with Duty*

Appendix,

* (No. 7.) f(No.43.) t(No. 31.)

230 25° Apr ills* 1804.

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to Ordere, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Papers' move the House, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to count of the Particulars of the Sums dated in the Return exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the pro- of the Disposition of Grants for the service of the year ordered, vificns of the said Act. 1803, in to have been paid under the following Dispositw.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly, heads; Barrack Department; Office of Ordnance; Civil Crams. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Buildings; and Treasury Incidents, exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the pro- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Mor»«_p^d visions of the said Act: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. count of all Monies paid by the Treasury of Ireland to oflicw*!C Bond, and Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltart, do prepare, and bring Officers, or other persons, for Public Service in Great in, the fame. tain,since id January 1801; specifying the date and mode

of each Payment, and in what item of the Issues of the The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Treasury it is included, office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy Copy of door 5 he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of the Patent appointing the present Commissioners of the J^catP House, pursuant to their Orders, Treasury in Ireland.

A Paper, intituled, " Return from the Treasurer of the " County of Clare of the sums of money levied, by Grand Refolv That an humble Address be presented to His Address for 1 " Jury Assessment, for the support and maintenance of Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give di- ^'^respea.! " the Poor in the House of Indudry of EmU> in the said regions, that there be laid before this House, copies of »n$ Monies i CountyAnd also, aJJ Representations made by the Commissioners of the

An Account of the official, and likewise of the real or Treasury in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant, for obtaining officers,

current value at which each article of the Imports and some sufficient Grant or Authority* under the Great or

Exports of Ireland, during seven years, to the 5th day of Privy Seal, or Sign Manual, of His Majesty, King’s Let-January 1803, has beenedimated in the Returns made to ter, or King’s Warrant, for paying money to Officers, or the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union, and other persons, for Public Service in Great Britain, since to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland since; the id of January 1801; together with a copy of every didinguifliingeach year, and each Article: And also, such Grant or Authority.

An Account of Irijlo Manufactured Linens exported> OrdeThat the said Address be presented to His from the Union to the 5th of January 1804;■ distinguish- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His ing each year: And also, Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

An Account of the quantity of Malt charged with Duty

in Ireland, in the six years ending the 5th of January 1,804, Notice being taken. That the Account of the Confbli- Account of with the Rate and Amount of the Duties thereon; didin- dated Fund of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January

guishing each year. , 1804; and also of the actual Payments thereout within i^Und,

And then he withdrew, and the Titles were read. the said year, and of the Total Charge thereon, in respect withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon of the said year; specifying also the Surplus of the said the Table. Consolidated Fund, which was presented to the House,

The lad of the said Accounts is preferyed aroongd upon the 27th day of March lad, was not properly pre-the other Papers of this Session; and the Return*, pared;

and the Firftf and Second J of the said Accounts, Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a are inserted in the Appendix to this volume. proper Account presented indead thereof.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-orderedf*^ 0011114 of all Clover Seed exported from Great Britain to Foreign Countries and imported into Great Britain from Foreign Countries, during the lad seven years, ending 5th January 1804; didinguiffiing the Amount in each year, and the Ports from whence, and into which, the fame has been exported or imported; together with the amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

iriffi Military Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, according *°nsion<Bill to ®r<^er» a BiH to suspend, for a time to be limited, the prefenwd.* * operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies therein, by ballot, under certain Regulations: And the lame Was received; and read the firdti me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Newfound- Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to Order, a landSfaipsBill, tQ exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from pre «n e . pravssions Qf an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom: And the fame was received; and read the fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Aylesbury the 18th day of this indant April, for the House to resolve Election Bill, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday deferred* next, upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve ftfelf into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two A«fts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations;

A Motion was made, and the Quedion being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Td.ersfor.heY=as,^X"’

m 1) c a \t f Sir Robert John Buxton,

Tellers for the Noes| sir;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

13 And

240.

203.

Committee oa English and Scotch Military Force Suf-pension Bill*

231

44 Geo. IIL

25°—26° Apr ills.

Mfays ani

ileans,

deterred*

Supply,

deferred.

And the House having continued to fit till after One of the clock on Thursday morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committeeoa The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a BiUsSn* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing ’ <£Aoqo,ow.) the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Committee on House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay bui,

and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding ’

Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors,'Serjeants, Corporals,

.and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the clock.

Jovis, 26° di Aprilis;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Kit to revive The Order of the day being read, for the third reading snd couinue of the ingrossed Bill to revive and continue, for a time to olfieer* A&, he limited, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for deferred. providing for the more speedy completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ®^ch*?iier Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing 4^,500*000.) the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds,

* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

Owunittee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a cm Militia Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defray-

Fay Bill. Jng the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia

in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

Committee on' The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Militia Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive. Bill, further continue, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Vol. 59.

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration LHkeard the Petition of Samuel MitcJoJiah Eleajon

William Wallish, and several other Persons, whose names considered;

are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Joseph Childs, of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, Gentleman, being parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, as determined by aSeleft Committee, which determination was reported to the House on the 1 oth day of March 18035 and also, the Petition of the Honourable William Eliot,

John Cart hew, John Eliot, Richard , M. D. and

several other Burgesses of the Borough of Lijkeard, being parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and forty-eight Members being present.

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The Honourable Charles James Fox was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioners, admitted to oppose; and William Sturges Bourne, Esquire, by the counsel for the Petitioners, admitted to defend, the Right of Election for

Lijkeard.

Note.—That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against; and one on account of his return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in fourteen days.

And

London

Ckrgy

Petition,

reported.

Dalkeith Paving Bi! reported.

Kingsdon InclosureBil prtfented.

232 26°Aprilis. 1804.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the County of: And the fame was received; and

counsel; the door Ivas opened, and the count'd and read the first time.

agents withdrew. , That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burland do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the London Clergy, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Incumbents of Livings, whose income was regulated by an Act, passed soon after the dreadful Fire of London in 1666, was referred.

Mr. Burland accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; •viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Loggen being examined, said. That before the Fire of , the Incumbents of Livings in that City were entitled, under a Decree of Commissioners, made pursuant to an Act of the 37th of King Henry the Eighth, to payments in lieu of Tythes, at the rate of is. 9 in the Pound, on the rents of the houses and other buildings in their respective Parishes; and that, the said Fire having destroyed or damaged eighty-five Parish Churches, it was, by an Act passed in the 2nd year of King Charles the Second, enacted. That thirty-four of the said churches should not be rebuilt, but that the Parishes to which they belonged should be united to others; and, by another Act, of the 22d and 23d year of the fame King, the maintenance of the Ministers of the several Parishes which had suffered by fire, was settled at certain specific yearly sums, in lieu •of Tythes, to be levied by an equal Rate on the houses and other buildings in each Parish respectively, over and above Glebes, Gifts, and Perquisites; and that of the fifty-one Livings which were lb regulated, the incomes of fix only were settled at f. 200 per Annum; thirty-two at less than £.150; and one-fourth of these at no more than £. 100.: And the Witness added. That the income of the several Incumbents being thereby fixed at a very low rate, the lame is, by the decreased value of money, the enhanced price of all the necessaries of life, and other circumstances, become greatly insufficient for the support of their iituation and character.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London: And that Mr. Burland and Mr. Serjeant Bejl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to * whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual two Acts, pafifed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith'-, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, jvhich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by ‘ one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the quantity of Land to be purchased.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gore Langton presented. to the House, according to ’ Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in ,in the

Ordered, That Mr. Gift do make the Report from the Petition Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Town of. Grantham, or Notices, within or near to the several Parishes and places, in the reported. County of Lincoln, through which the Road thereinafter mentioned passes, and is intended to pass, was referred.

Mr. Cujl accordingly reported from the said Committee,

That the Committee had examined the matter of the said.

Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William OJller being examined, said. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 16th day of March last. Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Grantham and in the County of Lincoln, and in The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, widening, altering, and varying the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South end of Spitt/egate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 15th day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Town of Grantham, or within or near to the several Parishes and Places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South-end of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County:

And that Mr. Cujl and Sir William Earle Welby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account* General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; presented s he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties received on the Export of 1;^ Linens from Great Britain since the commencement thereof, distinguishing the rate of Duty, the qumber of yards exported, and the lrish and the British Linens, as far as the fame can be ascertained; together with the Amount of Bounties paid thereon; and distinguishing each year:

And also.

An Account of the quantity of Wine imported into, wine.

' and exported from, Great Britain, in five years, ending 5th January 1804; distinguishing each year, and how much remained under Bond on the 5th January in each year:

And also,

An Account of the quantity of Raw Sugar imported Sugar, into, and of Raw Refined Sugar exported from, Great Britain, in three years, ending 5 th January 1804, and of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks and Bounties received thereon; distinguishing each year.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The first * of the said Accounts, and the other f

Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this *(No. 31.) volume. f(No. 37.)

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Paper* Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Presentet!: door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Act of the 33d

" of His present Majesty, cap. 52. fee. 126. requiring India 7 " certain Revenue.-.

ibst

kntc

brail

:xpld

sffli

-n’tfs

ri

■S

44 Geo. III.

26° Aprilis.

233

Oates of

f)i ipatcr.es o India.

r


D° to St. Helena.

Account of Sum wanted to complete Chetney l Lazaret, ordered.

CoroTpiftee appointed respecting the Poor of Ireland.

" certain Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, &c. of the " East India Company to be laid before both Houses of

" Parliament."

Mr. Owen also presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

An Account of the dates of all Dispatches transmitted by the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the several Presidencies in India, relative to His Majesty’s Message to Parliament of the 8th March 1803, and to the Rupture with j together

with an Account of the Receipt of those Dispatches in India: And also.

An Account of the dates of Dispatches sent by the Court of Directors of the Fajl India Company, or the Secret Committee of the fame, to the Island of Helena, with reference to His Majesty’s Message to Parliament of the 8th day of March 1803, and also to the Rupture with France; together with the dates at which the lame were respectively received.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aa Account of the sum which will be wanted to complete the works carrying on at Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, under the authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, cap. 80. for erecting a Lazaret there.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the Legislative provisions already existing for support of the aged and infirm Poor of Ireland, and for the punish-ment of Vagrants, and of the necessity of revising and amending the Statutes relating thereto, and also of making provision for the care of Lunatics and Idiots by Grand Jury presentments; and to report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Mr. Bagwell, Mr. Foster, Mr. Lee, Mr Mr. Morton

Pitt, Sir Laurence Parsons, Mr. , Mr. Hutchinson,

Mr. John Latouche, Sir John Keane, Mr. Ker, Lord Henry Petty, Sir Christopher Hawkins, Mr. Holdsworth, Mr. ley Pole, Mr. Hardman, Sir William Young, Mr.

Mr. Odell, Mr. Waller Jones, Mr. Ormsby, Mr.

General Tarleton, Mr. Secretary Yorke, Sit William Elford, Mr. Peter. Latouche, Mr. Mac: And they are to

meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a BiHrefoefiHif Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the statute Dotyf Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Frederick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Exchequer Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from GC8 Blll> ) ^ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re^rtedT*30' raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bill, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and

Vol. 59.

which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-. grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill1 to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and bad directed him to report the same to the House j without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred anid four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command.

An Account of the Expence incurred for Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, between the 31ft day of May 1803 and the 24th day of April 1804: And also.

An Account of the sum wanted to defray the Expence of Works done adjoining the Old Chapter House, now the Public Record Office, at Westminster: And also.

An Account of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the King’s Bench Prison.

Mr. Nicholas Kanfttart also presented to the House, pursuant ter their Order,

' An Account of the sum which will be wanted to complete the Works carrying on at Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, under the authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, cap. 80. for erecting a Lazaret there.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, b^ing returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered into the House a reduced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called oyer; and is as follows:

Richard Gervas Ker, Esquire, James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquire, Henry Jodrell, Esquire, John Prinfep, Esquire, Sir Robert Barclay, Baronet, the Right honourable William Windham, Lord Viscount Loftus, Matthew Ruffdl, Esquire, Sir Matthew Bloxam, the Ho-

3 O nourable

Committee ori Newfoundland Ships Bill.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£1,500,00°) reported.

Accounts presented:

Works at Houses of Parliament, &c.

D° at the Old Chapter House.

Repairs at King’s Bench.

Lazaret at Chetney Hill.

Appendix.

(No. 44.)

Lilkeard Eletf 1 on* Committee appointed.

Bill td defray the Expencet of Prof editions out of the County Rates, presented.

Committee on English and Scotch Military Force Suf-pension Bill.

Account of

Exchequer Bills,

presented.

Kewfound land Shfos Bill, passed*

Militia Pay* See. Bill, reported.

234 26"—27° Aptilis. A. 1804.

hour able Charles Kinnaird, Charles Montague Ef-

quire, Robert Holt Leigh, Esquire, the Honourable James Fox, William Sturges Bourne, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Gom* mittee for trying the merits of the Petitions respecting the right of election for the Borough of Lijkeard, were i'worn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the expence of Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates: And the fame was received j and read the firfttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to relblVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confider further t>f the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies by ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Gomitiittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 18th days of April, in the years 1798, 1799, 1800, 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, shewing the Funds on which they were separately charged; and distinguishing the Amount in the hands of the Bank at each of those periods; inclosing,

(A.) An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills in the hands of the Bank on the 18th April 1798, 1799, 1800, 1801, 1802, 18*3, and 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Pafl’engers from the United Kingdom, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to exempt Vessels in the NewfoundlandTra.de from the provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr, Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the 1

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one 3 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Mi* litia of Ireland j for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers* for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, wa? committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hpufe, to whom the Bill to revive, further continue, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enforce the due observance of the Canons and Rubrick, respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa(s.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to revive and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up vacancies therein, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris,27° die Aprilis;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

SIR Martin Brozvne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Waborne, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That

the

Irish Militia Pay, See. Bill, reported.

Militia Adjutants* Sec. Bill, reported*

Billrefpe&inj; Persons admitted into Orders* passed.

Bill to revive and continue Militia Officers Acts, deferred.

Waborne ludofure Bill* reported.

Crimpleiham Inclosure Bill, pnrfcntccL

Worcester and Birmingham Canal Bill, reported.

leicester

unty lites Bill,

pportetl.

Bill to amend Kirkheaton Incici'ure Act, passed.

44 Geo. III. 27° Apr ilk. 235T

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true $ and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to' the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Laild Tax at 14.10J.

who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at f. 15, who were neuter; and that the whole

of the property belonging to Persons interested in the In-* closure is assessed at £.74. 12J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-* ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimple-Sham, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received} and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the and

Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation, was committed.

Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County,.was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common. Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned,

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned. Vol. 59.

Ordered, That Mr. henry Lafcellts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir William Earle Welby presented to the House, ac* Grantham cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the v Great North Road, by the Guide Post at the South end of Spittlegate, in the Parish. of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County: And the lame Was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for more effectually amending the Road leading Manchester, from the New Wall on the Parade in the Township of &c. Hoad Bill, Castleton, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in the eomnutu

Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of all in the County Palatine of , was read a-

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John ‘Frederick reported from the Committee, to petition whom the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, «rpeainf Owners and Occupiers of Land and Houses in the Parish L^beth* of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of , was Streets, referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of reP°rteJ‘ the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Evans being examined, said. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 20th day of March last. Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, and in The Morning Herald, and Morning Advertiser, that application is making to Parliament for provision to be made in the Bill for the better cleansing the Streets,

Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nui-lances and annoyances therein, to light and watch certain parts of the said Parish.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 27th day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the said several Persons was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, instruaic*. to whom the Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Alleys, and other public passages and places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for lighting and watching certain parts of the said Parish.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according Charney to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or inclosure till, Hamlet of Chamey, in the Parish of Longworth, in the Prelcme<J-County of Berks: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Aylefburyand Gaol at Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham: And ^for* * also. Petitions.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol of Winchester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining ot their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Joh'nfon, from the SSiJScdM* office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the in M&tia «t door; he was called in; fmd, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, p

Returns of the number of ballotted Men serving in the

Militia

Petition

against

Manea

Inclosure Bilh

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.8,000,000) passed*

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£1,500,000)

p.iifed.

Militia Pay, &c.Bill patted.

Account of Application of £.500,000 for Ireland, ordered.

Militia Adjutants, 6cl. Bill, passed.

236 . 27° ApriUs. . A. 1804

Militia for the Counties of Carlo, North

Down, South Down, and Waterford, being the only Corps which, on the embodying of the Militia in Ireland, received ballotted Men.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Manea, in the lfleof Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the said Hamlet* and setting forth. That the fame will be extremely injurious, not only to the Petitioners, but also to many of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, not being Commoners, and to the several Owners of Lands adjoining the said Open and Common Fields: And therefore praying the House not to proceed in the said Bill, or otherwise to take such steps for the relief of the Petitioners, as shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by themselves, agents, and counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents, and counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum 6f Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions, by Loans dr Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, fot the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Britain, for the •year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the application of 500,000. granted for the service of Ireland, for the year x 803.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to revive, further continue, and

7

amend, so much of an A<5V, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Irish Militia ing of the ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the p^c‘Bl11 Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Irelfor holding p Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia, during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March ;one thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of; for holding

Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia, during Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of Charles Viscount Somerton, Lord Arch- Petition for bishop of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised, in right of his Pethi.v. for See, of a capital mansion-house, with the offices, gardens, ^rchbi'ho and appurtenances, situate in Kevin-Jlreein the Liberty of of Dublin'* Saint Sepulchre's, adjacent to the City of Dublin, which Palace-hath, of late years, been suffered to go into very great decay, and cannot be rendered fit for the habitation of an Archbishop of Dublin without considerable expence j and that the piece of ground, whereon the said mansion-house and offices now stand, is of considerable extent, and the fame, with the buildings now standing thereon, have been estimated to be of the value of £. 7,000. Irish currency; and the Petitioner, not having hitherto relided therein, and being desirous of obtaining feme other house for the residence of himself and his successors, and the said piece of ground being capable of being applied advantageously for the Public Service, it has been proposed, on behalf of His Majesty, that the fame should be purchased for the Public Service, at the price of £. 7,000.; and that, in pursuance of such proposal, an agreement has been made between the Lords of the Treasury in Ireland, and the Petitioner, for the purchase and sale of the said mansion-house, offices, and ground, in case they should be enabled so to do, by the authority of Parliament; and that thereupon the Petitioner took such steps, as he was then advised were necessary, for obtaining the sanction of Parliament, but, by a mistake which occurred in the course of proceeding, he has been delayed and prevented from presenting his Petition to the House at an earlier period; and that, as the benefit and convenience intended to be derived from the Petitioner’s application is very material to the Public, and to the Petitioner and his successors, Archbishops of Dublin, it is expedient that a Bill should be passed this present Session, for carrying the purposes of the said agreement into execution: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present his Petition, notwithstanding the time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- Leave

cuniflances

44 Geo. III. 27

cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said Charles Viscount,

Lord Archbishop of Dublin, being offered to bepresented to the House;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered.That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Corry, Lord Viscount -reagh, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Af-listants of the Company of Bakers of the City of and the trade at large, inhabiting the said City and the Liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fatne was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual, ft an Act made in the thirty-first year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the " Price and Assize thereof; and to punish persons who ushall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the " fame relates to the Assize, and making of Bread to be sold * in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and " within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten " miles of the Royal Exchange;" and also, an Act, passed in the 38th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said Act, were severally read: And,

Mr. Jcjeph Fere, Master of the Bakers Company, being examined, was alked, What are the present prices of Yeast, of Wood, of Candles, and Salt? he said, That 2 s.7 d,per gallon is the price of Yeast; that the first price

of Wood is j£. 1. per hundred spokes; that the price of Candles is I2r. per dozen pounds; salt^. 2. 13J. per lack, containing four bushels.—And being alked, The present amount of Journeymen’s wages? he said, It is ,£. 1. is. per week, which includes their bread, beer, and lodging —And being alked, What is the expence of making and baking a sack of Flour into Bread? he said, 8r. 9 and that the Bakers profit on the sack is 3*. 2 —And

being alked, What is the average quantity of Flour baked by a Baker per week ? he said. Twelve sacks.—And being

alked. The price of salt after the new Duty took place ? he said, Fifty-three Shillings per sack.—And being alked. What quantity of lait is used in the baking of a sack of Flour ? he laid. Five pounds; and that a bushel weighs fifty-six pounds.—And being alked. When the rife of Yeast took place ? he laid, Within these two years, he believed.—And being alked, If he had given that price regularly since that time? he said. Yes; and sometimes more.—And being alked. When did the Journeymen raise their wages ? he laid. That they had been increasing for these four or five years last past; and had been at 1. 2J. per week for theie three years.—And’ being alked, What they were in 1797 ? he said. Fourteen Shillings, and in 1799, Sixteen Shillings.—And being alked, How many loaves he made of a sack of Flour? he said, Eighty quartern loaves; and that a sack will not make more.—Then,

Mr. ‘Thomas Loveland, owe. of the Assistants of the Bakers Company, being examined, was alked, If he paid the Vol. 59.

prills. \ . 237

Journeymen by the day, week, or sack ? he said. By the week, invariably; that the Bakers paid them so much per week, and partly boarded them.—And being alked. What he paid them per week ? he said, Some Bakers pay more, and some less; he paid his Foreman 19*. per week in money, and found him in bread, flour, lodging, candles, and other little necessaries, which he stated to be as much as 55. per week; his second hand he paid its. per week, with the like allowances as the Foreman, which two, upon a calculation, stand him in full 22*. a-week each; the other he has is an Apprentice; he has only one year of his time to serve, and him he boards entirely, and finds him in clothes, besides pocket-money; and he should suppose he must stand him 15 s.per week.—And being alked, If two Journeymen and an Apprentice were not capable of ma-nufacturing more than twelve sacks of Flour in the week ? he said. Yes; they might manufacture 16 or 18 sacks in a week.—And being alked, If it was the practice in the Baking Trade to give premiums with Apprentices ? he said, quite the contrary; and that they are obliged to find them in clothes as well as board and lodging; he would wilh to state, he is now employed by Sir Brook Watson to hire Bakers for the Camps, to whom he pays One Shilling a-day till such time as they are sent off to work, and then One Guinea a-week, together with bread and lodging; and when discharged, they are to receive a Guinea over and above.—And being alked, If the price of wages was the fame last year as at present ? he said, He thought nearly so; it has been advancing for these three or four years past; they can hardly get men to work at any price.—And being alked, Had it used to be the practice formerly for Journeymen to board in the house ? he said. It had.—And being alked. Since what time has that practice been discontinued ? he said, The greater part within these seven or eight years.—And being alked, If he apprehended that in 1797 the greater part of the Mailers boarded their Men ? he said, He should suppoie they did. —And being alked, If he knew what difference of wages there is between those who board their Men and those who do not ? he said, When he boarded his Men, he gave his Foreman Seven Shillings a-week in money; his other Man Five Shillings a-week; and he did not know what difference is now made.—And being alked. If he considered the Trade to give no more ? he said, He considered his price to have been the first wages: and he produced, a Statement of the Expence of manufacturing twelve sacks of Flour into Bread in each year, from *797 to 1804; which is hereunto annexed.—And being alked, If he used coals for heating his oven ? he said. Yes, he did, and that there is very little difference in price between heating with coals or wood.—And being alked. What proportion of cheap Bakers there are to the regular Traders ?' he said, He could not tell.—It appearing by the Statement, that the price of wood in 1797 was 14 the one hundred spokes, and in 1804 One Pound the 100 spokes; a Member present informed Your Committee, That in the Eastern parts of Berkshire, from which London is in a great part supplied with beech wood, the increased price in that part of the Country is only 12 and a half per-cent.—Then,

Mr. Loveland, being further examined, was alked.

To what such an extraordinary increase in London is to be attributed ? he said. He could not state that; it was understood to be by the wood getting scarcer every year.— And being alked, What he took to be the amount of the Bakings of Meat and other things per week of a Baker who bakes 12 sacks of Flour per week? he laid, They had a great number of bad debts, and they took the Bakings as a set-off for them in a year; but they do not amount to the sum the Baker loses by bad debts.—And being alked. What he calculated the amount of the bad debts of a Baker who consumes twelve sacks of Flour in a week ? he said. He could not tell.—And being again alked. What is the weekly amount of the Bakings of Meat and other things, of a Baker who bakes twelve lacks of Flour per week ? he said, That varies so much in the situa-tion of a Baker, that he could not speak to a certainty; but the majority of such Bakings will not come to Eight Shillings a-week.—And being alked, If bad debts would exceed Eight Shillings per week ? he said, He thought 3 P they

238 27° Aprilis. A. 1804.

they would.—And being asked, At what rate he charged the Bakings above mentioned ? he said, The greater part of them One Penny, and some of them 1 hree Halfpence.—And being alked, If there had not been a rile lately? he laid, Some of the Bakers had rate them he had not—And being asked, If he was prevented by any* Regulation or Statute ? he said, He was not; but he conceived it would be a great accommodation to the Poor to have their victuals baked for One Penny.—And being asked. What allowance Bakers make to Chandlers shops who feil Bread? he laid. Some make more, some less; he gave i s. 3 d.in the Pound.—And being asked, If this application to Parliament for an Increase of Allowance was the act of the whole Trade cohesively within ten miles of the Royal Exchange? he laid. Yes.—Then,

Mr. P.obert Fortescue, late a Baker in Holborn, being examined, laid, He supplied the W'orkhoule of,

Holbcrn,at t s. 6 d.in the Pound, and was paid quarterly. —And being alked. How long he had been a Baker? he lai !, Since the year 1756.—And being asked, What was the average rent of a Baker’s house in 1797, such as Bakers generally inhabit ? he said, Forty Pounds, exclusive of Taxes.—And being asked, How much is the average rent at present, he said, Sixty Pounds.—Then,

Mr. James Johnson, a Baker in the Strand, being examined, said. He supplied the Workhouse of St. Clement Danes Parish, at an allowance of One Shilling in the Pound.—Then,

Mr. Andrew Wright, one of the Assistants of the Bakers Company, being examined, said. He supplied the Workhouse of Saint Giles, Cripplegate, at an allowance of One Shilling in the Pound now, and less when Bread was dearer.—Then,

Mr. Loveland, being again examined, was asked, What was the average amount of the Christmas Boxes given by a Baker who uses twelve sacks of Flour per week, before Christmas Boxes were discontinued ? he said. About 10.; that is now totally discontinued by him, but he did not believe it was universally so; it is done underhand; there are some few do it by way of getting custom.—And being asked, If Bakers did not in general employ their Journeymen and their ovens in baking Rolls and Fancy Bread, besides the Assize Bread? he said, Most of them do, but in a very small way; he did very little in that way, and he gained very little more by it than if it was all AiTize Bread.—And being asked, If he did not fix his own price on Fancy Bread; he said. He did.—And being asked, What proportion Fancy Bread bore to the Assize Bread he baked in a day ? he said, Not more than one bushel in twelve, and that varies much according to the seasons of the year.—And being asked, Did he considerthe sum of £. 2. 45. as a sum requisite to be expended in labour for the purpose of manufacturing twelve sacks of Flour into Bread ? he said, That if a Matter worked himself, it might be done with one Journeyman and an Apprentice; but if the Master did not work himself, two Men mutt be employed to do that work—And being asked, What is the weight of Fancy Bread in proportion to the weight of.Assize Bread ? he said, He baked little of Fancy Bread; he gave the fame weight of Dough for Fancy Bread as for Assize Bread; that the small quantity he baked of Fancy Bread was not an object to him to weigh; that it might be four or five ounces less than the other; he believed that where they have a great trade for it, they make it leis.—And being asked, When the fame quantity of Dough is made up into Quartern Loaves, and into Fancy Bread, if that which is made into Fancy Bread docs not lose a much grea’er proportion of weight in baking than that which is made up into Quartern Loaves ? he said, Certainly; the Fancy Bread loles double what the other does in the baking.—And being asked, If Fancy Bread was not included in the average cohlumption of twelve sacks of Flour per week ? he said, it was.—Then, Mr Richard Satchel/., Brewer, being examined, was asked, What was the price he fold Yeast to the Baker? he C'.iJ, is.6 d.per gallon.— And being asked, If the mea-

furing M.m did not receive 1 per gallon in addition? he said. He did.—And being asked, YY hat was the average price of Yeast in *797 ? belaid, He did net recoiled!. —Theti,

Mr. Joseph Kirkman, Brewer, being examined, was asked, What was the average price of Yeast in 1797 be laid. From the ift of January to the 7th of March, they fold it at 2 s.per gallon; from the 17th of March to the 15th of July, is. 6 d.per gallon; from the 15th of July to the 20th, is. per gallon; from the 20th July to 26th of August, 2r. 6d. per gallon; from 26th August to 26th September, is. per gallon; from 26th September to 31ft December 15. 6 d.per gallon; making, on the average of that year, is. 10 d.per gallon.—And being asked, If he could account for the very great and quick variation in the prices of Yeast in that year? he said. Owing to the difference between very hot and very cold weather; they made more Yeast from the Beer in warm weather than in cold weather.—And being asked. What was the price of Y'east in 1803? he laid, is. 2d. per gallon; in 1802 it was is. $d.; at the present time it is is. 6 —And being

asked. If he knew of any existing cause why the price of Yeast in the present year should be higher than it was in 1797 ? he said, He did not; the prices of Yeast which he had given did not include the i{d. given to the measur-ing Man per gallon, which is the usual custom.—And being asked. If a gallon of Yeast in hot weather contains as much real Yeast as in cold weather? he said, Nearly the fame.—And being asked. If there was the fame quantity of pure Yeast in a gallon when dear, as when it was cheap ? he said. There was not.—Then,

Mr. George Farr, Clerk to Mr. Peocock, a dealer in Wood, being examined, was asked. At what price per hundred spokes he fold Wood to the Baker ? he said, One Pound.—And being ^fked, How long that had been the price ? he said, About six months.—And being asked. What was the price previous to that ? he said. Nineteen Shillings.—And being asked, If the price continued the fame the whole of the year? he said. Yes.—And being asked, What it was in 1797? he said. He could not tell; that in 1798 it was 155. that was the only price that year.— And being asked. What it was in 1802? he said 18 — And being asked. At w'hat price he fold Faggots ? he said, £. 1. 6s. per hundred.—And being asked, If there are not dealers in Spokes who fell them at a low'er price ? he said. There are; some at 175. per hundred.—And being alked,

from whence arises the difference ? he said. The genuine spokes that come from the country are part of them split in two.—And being asked, From what part of the country Mr. Peocock bought his Wood? lie laid. From

Berkshire.—And being alked. To what is the late increase in the price of Wood to be attributed ? he said. To its lcarcity.—And being asked. Who are the persons who supply Bakers with Wood? he said. Wood Merchants; they are different from Timber Merchants; Wood Merchants generally deal in Coals and Flour.—And being asked, If the use of Coals in heating Ovens had reduced the demand for Wood r he laid. He did not discover it had.—Then,

Mr. Edward GrofeSmith, Clerk to the Bakers Company, being examined, laid, That he had been at Tallow Chandler’s Hall, and had procured the following Rates of the Prices of Candles by the dozen pounds; viz. In 1797, 105. id the highest; 105.4*/.; 105.; and for one month, they were 95. 8 d.In 1803, 115. 6 and 125. In 1804, 125. 6 d.and 125. And that from an Account which had been received from Mr. Joyce, a Tallow Chandler in Essex-Jlrect in the Strand, of the price of Candles in 1801, it appeared to have been 115.; 125.; and 105. 6 per dozen pounds.—Then,

Mr. Edward Gayler, Journeyman to Mr. Baker

at Ratcliffe Cross, being examined, was asked, What wages he received in 1797 ? lie laid 155. a-week, with bread, beer, and lodging, and a Sunday dinner.—And being asked. What wages in 1804? he said, \()s.per week, with bread, beer, and lodging.—And being asked, what wages in 1803 ? he laid, 165 per week, with bread, beer, and a Sunday dinner: he had been a journeyman ten years.—And being asked. If in 1797 he was in the fame clals of Journeymen that he is now? he said. No, he had then a second-hand place; he is now a Foreman: he did not know what we~e the wages for a Foreman in 1797. The wages of a second-hand man now, on the average, is 17 per week, with bread, beer, and lodging.—Then,

Mr.

44 Geo. III.

Mr. Richard Venables,being examined* was asked, If he was a. Baker’s Foreman in 1797? he said, He was; that he then received 16 s. per week wages, with bread and beer, and lodging; no Sunday dinner: That he is a Foreman at present; that he receives 19 a-week wages, with bread and ftnall beer, and a pint of strong beer per day. —Then,

Mr. John Myers. servant to Mr a Baker, being

examined, was asked. If he was a second-hand man in

239

1797? he said, He was; that he then received 15J. per Week wages, with bread, beer, and lodging; that he is a second-hand man now, and receives 17 s. a-week wages, with bread, beer, and lodging.—And being asked. How long he had received that increase of wages ? he said, About two years and four months.—And being asked. If that was a general increase in the Trade ? he laid, He believed it was for the generality of the men.

27d Apritis.

A STATEMENT of the Expence of Manufacturing Twelve Sacks of Flour into Bread, in each year, from 1797 to *804.

■ IN 1797: IN 1798: IN *799: IN 1800: IN 1801: IN 1802: IN 1803: IN 1804:

Gallons of YEAST, 7 at per Gallon I /. d, u 7* £. d. 0. ii. 4! /. d. *• l\ £■ '• d. 0. 11. 4* /. d. i* 7) £• *■ d 0. 11.4f tf. d I. IOj C *■ d 0. 13. if /. d. Z, \\ £• '• <*' 0.14.10 J d 2. l\ C• * d. 0.14. lof /. d. *• 7\ £■ '• d O. 18. 4I >»tM £■ '• d. O. l8. 4)

p Pounds of SALT, 7 ! at per Sack j I: 28. 6. I 0. 7. 6. 52. O. 0. 13. 9. 52. 0. 0. 13. 9. 52.0. 0. 13. 9. 52. O 0. 13. 9. 52. 0. 0. 13. 9. 52. 0. O. I3.9. 0. 13. g.

tfOOD, loo Spokes, - - — 0. 14. o. — 0. 15. 0.: — 0. 15. 0. — o. 15. 6. — 0. 15. 6. — 0. 16. 0. — 0. 17. 0. — 1. 0. 0.

| Pounds of CANDLES, 7 j at per Dozen j 1 10. 8. 0. 3. 6, 10. 8. 0. 3. 6. 10. 8. 0. 3. 6. 10. 8. 0. 3. 6. 10. 8. 0. 3. 6. II. 4. 0. 3.9. 12. O. 0. 4. 0. 12. 0. 0. 4. 0.

L Week’s WAGES and^ | Expences for 2 Jour- f j neymen - - f ! at per week each 3 16. 0 1. 12. 0. 16. 0. 1. 12. 0. 23. 0. 2. 6. 0. 23. 0. 2. 6. 0. 23. 0. 2. 6. 0. 22. 0. 2. 4. 0. 22. 0. 2. 4. O. 22. 0. 2. 4. 0.

[wear and TEAR OVEN, and Imple-( ments of TRADE - ( per week 3 — 0. 4. 0. - 0. 4. — 0. 4. 0. — 0. 4. 0. — 0. 4. 0. — 0. 4. 0. 1 — O. 4. O. — 0. 4. 0.

Divided by — - i*) 3- »*• 4! — 3- >9- 7x — +• i3- — 4.15. iof — 4- i7-7i 4- 16. 4^ — 5. 1. if r- 5- 4-

0. 6. o| — 0. 6. 7| — 0. 7.9i _ 0. 7. 0. 8. 1i — 0. 8. of — 0. 8. 5 0. 8. 8.

Which being deduced 7 from the Allowance ) — 0. 11. 8. — 0. i 2. 0. — 0. 12. 0. — 0. 12. 0. — 0. 12. 0. — 0. 12. 0. — 0. 12. 0. — 0. 12. a.

Leaves a clear PROFIT 7 to the Baker, per Sack, > of ) — 0. 5.7* _ 1 0. 5. 4f — 0. 4. z\ — 0. 4.0] 0. 3. 1 of — 0.3. ni — O- 3- 7 — 0. 3. 4.

A \Ytional Pillion for t Eihcrley

IVioor, &C, in- lofure, np^rted.

t

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Sir John Frederick accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had not been complied with, the application to Parliament for including the Commonable Lands mentioned in the Petition, called Carr, in the Bill,

which, on the 22d day ot February last, was ordered to be brought in, for inclosing teveral Moors, or Commons, situate in the Parish of Si. Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, not having been determined upon until the 28th of February last; but it appeared to the Committee, that the said Lands, called Efcomb Carr, containing only 90 acres, are situate in the Parish of St. Andrew Auckland, and adjoin upon the said Moors, or Commons, in the iaid Parish; and that it would be a great convenience, if all the said Commonable Lands we*e included in one Bill; and that all the Proprietors are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Bowfer being examined, said, That it would be a great convenience and advantage to all parties concerned, if provision were made in the Bill, now depending, for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, called Efcomb Carr.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 59.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon. Part of Order Tuesday last, " That leave be given to bring in a Bill for ^countsBill, directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid an- discharged. nually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other forms of Account now in use," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That (b much of the said Order be discharged, as relates to the discontinuing of certain other forms of Account now in use.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw be added to the Committee Member appointed to enquire into the State of Ireland, as to its added to

r1, o 1 11 Committee on

circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the injh Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Currency. Great Britain.

Mr. John William Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a B;li for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers'of two Acts, pafl'ed in the 25th year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tir/ey, in the County of G/<w-

cester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Sevent: And the lame was received; and read the fit ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Upton Bridge Road Bill, prel'ented.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to' re- irish Revenue solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bl11* deferred. Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1 o Mr.

240

27° Jlprills.

A. 1804.

Report from Committee on Lords

Amendments to Volunteer Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the whom it was referred to consider of the Amendments, Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to con- and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstruc-lolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts re- tions, nuisances, and annoyances, therein j without any Jating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Bri- Amendment: And also,

tain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gatinra to report to the House what they shall think proper to be for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County inclosureB;i.

offered to the House thereupon; That the Committee had of Nottingham', without any Amendment: And also, considered the said Amendments^ and had directed him to The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Loixts report to the House what the Committee thought proper enabling Sir Henry Pau/et St. John , Baronet, and have

to be offered to the House, with respect to the said Dame Wife, to lease part of the settled Estates in £!>ldr»sy's

the County of deviled by the late Dame Anne *3te b;I1"

Mildmay, Mousham Hall, in the said County; to which the Lords delire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Amendments; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the lame was read) and is as followeth j viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, considered the said Amendments; and thereupon offer, to the consideration of the House, the following ' Proposals:

To the Amendments made by the Lords, as far as prels 33. 1. 20. Your Committee propoie to the House to agree.

To the next Amendment, which is prels 33. 1. 20. After " Corps’* insert " or such person as shall be authorized by him for that purpose," Your Committee pro-pose to dilagne.

To the eleven next Amendments, Your Committee pro-pose to agree.

To the next Amendment, which is prels 47. 1. 31. leave out from " if" to " formed" in 1. 32. and insert " the same shall be f’ and in the lame line, leave

Bill rrtth

The House, according to Order, relolved itself into a Committ:e of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may

out from " Parishes" to " for" in 1. 35. Your Committee propose to disagree.

To the two next Amendments, Your Committee pro- have leave to fit again, pose to agree. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

To the two next Amendments, Your Committee propose resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to disagree. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

To the following Amendments, as far as prels 53. 1. 36. granted to His Majesty.

Your Committee propose to agree.

To the next Amendment, which is press 53. 1. 36. Sir John Frederick, according to Order, reported from b;ii After " Lieutenant" insert "Vice-Lieutenant," Your the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to respectinp

Committee propose to disagree. alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty- reported.U

To the four next Amendments, Your Committee pro- fourth year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount

pose to agree. of the sums to be paid by persons compounding for the

To the next Amendment, Your Committee propose to performance of Statute Duty, was re-committed, the

disagree. Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

To the three next Amendments, Your Committee pro- and which they had directed him to report to the House;

pose to agree. and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de-

To thenext Amendment, which is prels 61. 1. 3. After livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

" Thing," insert Clause (C.) Your Committee propose to Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-

disagree. out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon

To the subsequent Amendments, Your Committee pro- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

pose to agree. the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amend- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-ments, be taken into consideration upon Monday next. grofled.

~ " ~ ‘ Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

The Lords have agreed to

Linen Manu* facture Bill.

Whitchurch Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ordand Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to

Sfttton and Newport Roads Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from English and

...... __________ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to scotch

amend an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much Fo‘r^a^,f. Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for person Bui, the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; without any Amend- enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, rePorted~ ment: And also, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of Regulations, was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-

two Acts, pallid for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and NewcaJll and from

Hinjlock to Nantwich aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Milton Paying Bill.

for the better amending and repairing the Road leading rally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to j and from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton the rest were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed and Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to by the House.

to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the County of Salop, and fevera'i other Roads in the Counties Money remaining due to persons deferring, shall be paid of Salop and Stafford; without any Amendment: And to the Parish.

also, And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Ques-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, part of the Bill.

ii i.

Volunteer Bill to be

printed, with Lords Amendments*

Committee of

Supply.

E'Hmates Sec. referred;

Army

Service*.

Plantations,

Ac.

Scotch Inland Navigation.

Board of Agriculture.

Works at

Houses of Parliament, &c.

Papers

prdented:

Permanent

Taxes.

duties on Bond. (Excise.)

44 Geo. III. 27°—28° Aprilis. 241

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofli-d.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisiorts of the l’everal Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, be printed, with the Amendments made by the Lords.

Tire Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the several Ellimates, relating to Army Services, which were prdented to the House by Mr. Secretary at War, upon the 17th day of this instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the l’everal Ellimates and Accounts of the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Plantations in America and New South Wales; and of the Expence of the Superintendence of Aliens—Prosecutions relating to the Coin—Military Poads in North Britain—Printing of Journals, Votes, and other matters, by Order of the House of Commons—and publishing the Records of the Kingdom, which were prdented to the House by Mr. Nicholas Vanpttart, upon the 18th day of this lnstant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Re[x>rt from the Committee on the Petition of the Commissioners of the Scotch Inland Navigation, made upon the 2d day ot March last; and also the Rejrort of the said Commissioners, which was prdented to the House upon the 10th day of this instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Board of Agriculture; and the Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Cud Board, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Expence of Works at the Houses of Parliament—the Chapter House at IVejU minster—and the King’s Bench—and of the Sum wanted for erecting a Lazaret at Chetney Hill, which were, ycllerday, presented to the House by Mr. Nicholas , be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker lett the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes in the year ending 5th January 1803 and 5th January 1804, respectively; distinguishing those impolcd before 1793, and the amount of those impolcd in each year since; distinguishing also, the amount of the Duties postponed in the year ending 5th January 1803, which w'ould otherwise have been paid into the Exchequer in that year, and were paid in there in the year following; and the amount of the Duties postponed in the year ending 5th January 1804, which would otherwise have been paid into the Exchequer in the course of that year; and likewise shewing the diminution of the Revenue in those two years respectively firotn the payment of Corn Bounties: And also.

An Estimate of all the Duties charged in Great,

and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1803 and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several articles, and temporary

Voi.. 59.

from permanent Duties, so far as relates to the Revenue of Excise in England.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is Appendix. inlcrted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 37.)

Ordered, That the several Accounts, relating to Linens, Account* Wine, and Sugar, which were, yesterday, presented to the House by Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and and'sugir, "^ Exports, be printed for the Members of the House. to be printed.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to revive and continue. Bill to revive for a time to be limited, an Act of the last Session of Par- ^continue liament, for providing for the more speedy completion of officers Act, the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, deferred, and for facilitating the filling up vacancies therein, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sab batty 28* die Aprilis;

Anno 44*Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrolled Bill for enabling the Company of Pro- Worcester prietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Na- R.an^ . vigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to Canal Bill, complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the paired, several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation, was read the third time.

Ref jived. That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Cana Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed so making the said Canal Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, to whom the p4t-ltIon for Petition of Charles Viscount Somerton, Lord Archbishop of Sale of * Dublin, was referred; That the Committee had examined Arciffiiffiopof the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; reported, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as full owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the certificate of two of the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Ireland, containing the Evidence adduced before them oa the matter of the said Petition, was delivered in, and read; whereby it appeared. That the Petitioner is seised in right of his See of Dublin, of a capital Mansion-house, with the Offices, Gardens, and Appurtenances, situate in Kevin-street, in the Liberty of Saint Sepulchres, adjacent to the City of Dublin, called or known by the name of " The Palace of " the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's," which hath of late years been suffered to go into very great decay, and cannot be rendered fit for the habitation of an Arch-bishop of Dublin without considerable expence; that the piece of ground whereon the said Mansion-house and Offices now stand is of considerable extent, and the fame, with the Buildings now (landing thereon, have been estimated to be of the value of Seven thousand Pounds Irish currency; and the Petitioner not having hitherto resided therein, and beingdefirous of obtaining some other House for the residence of himself and his successors, and the said piece of ground being capable of being applied advantageously for the Public Service, it has been proposed, on behalf of His Majesty, that the fame should be purchased

3 Q for

toorchester

Debtors

Petition.

Members added to Committee on Irish Currency.

Report

Supply.

Recruiting for Forces in Ireland.

General and Staff Officers iu Ireland.

Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to certain Officers.

Subsistence to Innkeepeers.

242 , 28b Apr . 1804.

for the Public Service at the price of Seven thousand Pounds: That in pursuance of such proposal, an agreement has been made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, on behalf of His Majesty, and the Petitioner* bearing date the 14th day of February 1804* for the purchase and sale of the said Mansion-house, Offices, and Ground, in case they should be enabled lb to do by the authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of Dor-thefter, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Beresford and Mr. Peter Latouche be added to the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Ireland, as to its circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between thjit part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report co the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand Six hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for the charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25 th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand and Thirty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officer? in that part of the U nited Kingdom called Ireland, including the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Four hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His, Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty-seven thousand and Fifty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the principal Officers of several Public Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty-five thousand Four hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and 'Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on QuarteringSoldiers; ofan Allowance of Lodging-money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be quartered; of an Allowance to the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Small Beer; and of an Allowance to the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of His Majesty’s Forces, while on a march, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th day of

5

December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty-nine thousand Two hundred and Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of Military Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on account of several Officers late in the service of The States General for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Forty-five thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea and Hospitals, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceedingTwenty-seven thousand Eight hundred and One Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25 th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Sixty-one thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Five hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty’s Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the provision of Medicaments, Bedsteads, and Bedding for General and Regimental Hospitals, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the 35th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1*804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great , for the year

1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of Volunteer Corps in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Brifrom the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceding Five hundred and Eighty-two thousand Two hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December

1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred and

Eighty

Half Pay.

Red need Officer*.

Half Pay.

Officer* late in the Service of the States General*

Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals.

Widows Pen Hons.

Barrack Department in Ireland.

Hospital

Exoences

D\

Volunteer

Corps.

DV

Foreign

Corps.

Military*

College


44 Geck IIL

28° Aprilis.

243

Eighty Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College for the year 1804.

Military Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Aiyium. a sum, not exceeding Thitty-two thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred, and cxpeded to be incurred; within the year 1804, on Account of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea.

xjarrifcm Resolved, That it is the Opiiiioh of this Committee, That Service. a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Companies for Garrison Service in the West Indies and America, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days.

Augmenta- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tion Sulvli a bam, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be meat. ' granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Military Establishment of Great Britain and Ireland, in the year 1804.

Bamck Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ^Grctt"11 a ^Um’ not e*ceedins Two Millions One hundred and Britain. Eighty-three thousand Nine hundred and Thirty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the > Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom

called Great Britain, in the year 1804.

Bxtraordi- Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That nari<» of the a futn> n0f exceeding Three hundred and Thirty-nine thousand Two hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

• the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, and not provided for by . Parliament.

D». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred thousand

• Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain, for the year 1804.

Will Ireland. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds sterling, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraor-' dinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the year 1804, Printing of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

journals,&c. a sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Twenty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of printing Journals of this House, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of this House, during the present Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence that may be incurred for printing one thousand seven hundred and fifty copies of the 57th Volu’me of the Journals of this House.

Reprinting «f Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That •®"’- a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to

His Majesty, for defraying the Expence that may be incurred for reprint ing, in the proportion of eight Volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports, of this House, agreeable to the' Resolutions of the Committee in the last Session of Parliament. pakliAing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Records. a furn, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in the year 1803, under the directions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, forpublishing the Records of the Kingdom.

uperin- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

teodence a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Five hundred and «f Aliens. Eighty-nine Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens according to the provisions of an Act passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Proftcmiofit Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

40 a sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Nipe Vo 1. 59.

D*.

Pounds N.irieteen Shillings arid Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutioris, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the year 1803.

ResolvediThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That jy a sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred Pounds, be granted td His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences which may be iricurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom; for the present year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Military & sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to Roa^s-His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year

1804.

Resolved-, That it is the1 Opinion of this Committee, That Scotch inland a sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to Nav,£atioIU His Majesty, tdwards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, f>y lni>erness and Fort William.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That works at a sum not exceeding Twelve thousand Three hundred and Houses of Forty-five Pounds; be granted to His Majesty, for defray- Pa£j?ment* ing the Expence incurred for Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker, between the 31ft day of May 1803 and the 24th day of April 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That jy> at the a sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Forty-one Chapter Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Houlis* for defraying the Expence of Works done adjoining the Old Chapter House, now the Public Record Office at Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Repairs at That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand and ten Pounds, K^g’* Bench, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence incurred in Repairs at the King’s Bench Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lazaret at That a sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be cheme)rHl granted to His Majesty, for completing the Works carrying on at Chetney Hill, in the County of , under the authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, chapter eighty, for erecting a Lazaret there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Board of That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be Agriculture, granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the yeas 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upper Canada. That a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand and fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper in America, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NovaScatla. That a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and sixty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Bruniwick. fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, prince That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred Edward’s Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge * of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward?sIfland, from the ift day of Jannary to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, c»peBreton. That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand and forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfouad-That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred knd. and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of

Newfoundland,

Bahamas.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Instruction.

Report Ways and Means.

Railing a certain Sum by Annuities, for Ireland.

T>rais of railing the lame.

244

Newfoundland, in America,from the I ft day of January to the 31ft day of December , 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One. hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil, Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Ftmd, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the tft day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand and forty-nine . Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1804.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, rwere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the 33d of the said Resolutions.

Mr; Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the' sum of One million One hundred and fifty-three thousand Eight hundred and forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny sterling, being One million Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish currency, be raised by Annuities on Stock or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the said sum shall, for every One hundred Pounds Irish currency contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of £.112. 7 o,d. in Annuities, after the rate of £. 5 per-centum per annum, to commence from the 25th day of March 1804, or at his option, be entitled to have and receive a Debenture or Debentures from the Treasury of Ireland, at the rate of £. 112. ys. $d. Irish currency, bearing an interest of £.5 per-centum per annum, to commence from the said 25th day of March 1804:

That the said Annuities, after the rate of£. 5 per-cent urn per annum, shall be added to, and made one joint Stock with, the present £. 5 per-centum Annuities payable in I> eland, and be payable and transferrable at the Bank of , Ireland at the same time, and in the lame manner, as the said Annuities:

That the said Annuities, or the interest of the said Debentures, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland:

That every Contributor who shall, on or before the 20th day of this instant April, have made a Deposit of £.5 per-centum on such sum as he or Ilie shall chuse to fubteribe, either with the Chief Cashier or Calliiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or with the Teller and Cashier of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Dublin, shall

3

A. 1804

make a further Deposit of £. 5 per-centum on or before the

ift day of May 1804, as a security for making the future Payments on or before the days herein after mentioned; that is to say,

£. 10 per-centum on or before the 28th day of May 1804:

£• 15 per^c.entum or or before the 23d day of J une then neatt following:

£. 15 per-centum on or before the 21ft day of July then next following:

£.10 per-centum on or before the 2 2d day of August then next following:

£. 10 per-centum on or before the 24th day of September then next following:

£. lo per-centum on or before the 24th day of October then next following:

£. 10 per-centum on or before the 24th day of November then next following: And,

£.10 per-centum on or before the 2 2d day of December then next following:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said sum of One million Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, at any time on or before the 23d day of November 1804, shall be allowed an interest, by way of Discount, after the rate of £. 5 per-centum per annum, on the sums lo advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the lame to the 22d day of December 1804:

That all the monies to be received by the said Cashier or"

Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be carried to the account of the Teller of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Dublin, and, together with any other monies received for Debentures as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be carried to, and form part of, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ormsby, and I.ord Viscount Loftus, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrafted Bill to revive and continue, for a time to Bill to revive be limited, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the Establish- officers Act, ment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for passed, facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, was read the third time.

Resolved, Tha.t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce,30° die Apr/Its;

Anno 44° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Bejl presented to the House, according London to Order, a Bill for the relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, according scotch inland to Order, a Bill for making further provision for making Navigation and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern p^fenUd.-to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William in Scotland: '

28°—30°

4

Waborne Inclosure Bill, passed.

Leave for

Notices reipeding Etherley Moo-, &c. inclosurc.

Worcester, &c. Canal Bi I, to be carried to the Lords.

Verbek’s Nat. Bill, committed.

Dalkeith having Bill, passed.

Yorkshire Wool'en M.^r. vfadure Bill, presented.

Chester

1> htors Petition.

Petition of

Merchnnt.;, &c. agnir.lt L'verpvol Pocks Bill.

44 Gfio. III. - 30°

land: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing lands in the Parish of Wabome, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Fridavr lait, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given on the door of the Parish Church of Saint Andrew Auk land, in the County of Durham, for three Sundays, in the ensuing month of May, of the present application to Parliament foh dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands situate in the lame Parish, called Efcotnb Carr.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Scott do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise

money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation; and delire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lofds, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael Verbek, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Auderson, Mr. Bur land, &c.: And they ate to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, and render more effectual, two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith» for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of the said Town j and for crediting a new public ^larket therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to order, a Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol the Callle of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Merchants, Ship-owners, Trades-men, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancnjler, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Br.lbn, and other works and conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniences, in

VOL. 59.

the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Feriy Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Chef Are-, and felting forth, That the Petitioners, and many other of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, will be very materially affected in their property and privileges, should the said Bill, as it now fitands, pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction'to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fame-time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Maw'* vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in fee Ample, certain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of " Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees,

" to be sold, and for laying out the clear monies thence " arising, under the direction of the Court of Chancery,

" in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu " thereof, and to the same uses;" and for', by the present Act, settling a fee Ample Estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Skawe,deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned

Estates, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kingston presented to the House, according to Order, Romfcy a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, Kingsutton a Bill for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the presented.21’ Manors and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second tirhe.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Kingsdon Somerset, was read a second time. J

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, junior, Mr. Gore Langton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Petition for Brington, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in jpetiifon* the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Mea- for Bringtott dows, Pastures-, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, Incl° ure' and if the fame were inclosed, they might be much im- ( proved; and that fufh Notices have been given, as are required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure Bills; but, as the valuation directed to be made by the Master and Fellows of Clare Hall, in Cambridge, preparatory to an Agreement for a satisfaction for Tythes, was not completed, a Petition could not be presented until the tiipe appointed for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; and that it will be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if they are not enabled to proceed in the Inclosure in the present year: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition for eftefting the several purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- Leave gives* cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations prc

3 R as

1

246 30" Aprilis. A. 1804.

as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That leave Mr. Fojfer presented to the House, according to Order, irish Public maybe given to bring in a Bill lor inclosing the said Lands a Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to Accounts and Grounds. be laid annually before Parliament: And the fame was 1 *?relent*4-

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant received; and read the first time. '

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Refolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Henry Fellowes and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do pre- Order, That the said Bill be read a second timeTo-

pare, and bring in, the fame. morrow.

Th* Loris A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. i*v«*grted to SimM;.

Mr. Speaker,

Barton Bridge The L/>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

wcrA*Read* amen^‘nS» widening, improving, and keeping in repair, pill, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of

Eetles, in, to. and through the Township of , to a place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Confukration sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was of Kei,ort referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the Lords, XmendmeM* to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the to Volunteer provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry Bl11, dckrrei1' and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; and also the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amendments, be taken into consideration upon Wednesday next.

--•.of

shuttington A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and

Inclosure Bill, Shuttinyton,in the Parish of in the County of

committed. ... ?, , r , d 1

Warwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Peter Moore, Mr. Dugdale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Member Ordered, That Lord Viscount Dnnlo, Mr. William Elliot,

added to Mr. Dillon, Mr. Stanley, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. ^rTlh1^ °n Shaw, and Mr. Longfield, be added to the Committee Currency. appointed to enqu're inio the State of Ireland, as to its circulating Paper, its Specie, and current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh presented to the House, pur- Dates of suant to their Address to His Majesty, Di tTvcches

A Paper, intituled, ce Return to an Order of the House, 1°^^ " of the 20th April 1804, for an Acccount of the dates of P " the Dilpatches sent by Government to India, in con-" sequence of His Majesty’s Message to Parliament of 8th " March and 16th May 1803, and of the receipt of the " feme in India"

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Rifeiip Mr. Hilliard presented to the House, according to

incioiureBill, Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of RuiJJip, presented. otherwise Rifeiip, in the County of Middlesex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Eilinuite of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the Duties on Estimate.of the probable annual Produce of the Duties impeded by an Act for granting to His Majesty, until the *r ere * 5th1 day of May next, after the ratification of a Definitive , Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from

Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as fer as the same can be made up.

Presented. The House being informed that Mr. , from the

Treasury, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Estimate; with a duplicate thereof

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The feid Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- wnysand fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply * can*' granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the several Accounts of Customs and Accounts Excise, and of the produce of the War Taxes, presented to referred, this House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Militia Subaltern! Bil’f presented.

Petition tcfpccting the Iriflt Linen Trade, referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second Time Tomorrow.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Merchants, Manufefturers, and others, concerned in the Irish Linen Trade, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Engii/h and Friday last, for reading the third time, Tommorrow, the Bill MUiraiy to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so Force Suf-much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tommorrow sevennight, the 8th day of May next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resplve itself into a Committee of the whose House, to petition foe consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, Sale of,

to whom the Petition of Charles Viscount Somerlon, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, was referred, be now read. Palate.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

XT-.

Jci

5

ti

i)imt of imes igation, !ined.

count of siwback to

Stirling

Election—

Consideration

adjourned.

Stirling

Elettiou—

Petitions

considered.

44 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis^-l'—T Man. 247

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Allmitt, from the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Commissioners of the Thames Navigation, in the year 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is picferved amongst the pther Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Drawback allowed to common Brewers, under the Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. left. 4.; distinguishing each year, and each quarter.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker i andronehun-dred and thirty Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in. '

And the door being locked •,

The Order of the day for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of "James Trail, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of Thomas Creevey, Esquire, being drawn, he was* nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the’ counsel for the Petitioners.

Note —That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the iudfcerflwlt Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the writ* electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Charles William Montagu Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Martis 1° d Mail;

Anno 440 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of General Sir Robert , of

Airthrey, Knight of the Order of the Bath; and also, the Petition of James Bruce of Kinnaird, Esquire, and of Harry Davidson, Writer to the Signet, both Freeholders in the County of Stirling, complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and ninety-five Members only being present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day for taking the said Petitions into consideration, and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Man;

Mr. Bern Waljli reported from the Committee, to whom Radnor and the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Hertford powers of two Acts, passed in the 7 th and 24th years of the reported^ Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also, for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a feccnd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to DtptforH Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and Pavins watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and pre cnt places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, second time.

Anno 440 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1 804.

P R AYERS.

TH E hour appointed for takingint6 consideration the Petition of General Sir Robert , of Airthrey,

Knight of the Older of the Bath, and also the Petition of James Bruce, of Kinnaird, Esquire, and of Harry Davidson, Writer to the' Signet, both Freeholders in the County of Stirling, complaining of an undue election and return for the said County,' being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was font, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

Vol. 59.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom shames and the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Medwajr Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and to raise a further lum of money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering ajid enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their conlent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a list of the names of the

Persons

Banff Roads

Petition,

reported.

248

2° Maiu

A. 1804.

Persons who have afiented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Master of the Rolls reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietor^ of Lands and Eftares in the County of Banff, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Road from the Bridge of Banff to the River Spey, at or near Boat of Bog, thu Road from Turriff to the Road from

Banff to Huntly, the Road from Portsoy to Hv.ntly, the Road from Banff to Grant own, the Road from Portsoy to Keith, the RoarJ from Cullen to Keith, the Road from Huntly to Juvaraven, the Road from to Fochglers,

the Road from Keith to Boat of Bridge, the Road from Alert/-ch to Garmouth, and the Road from Keith to Ta-mentoid, all in the said County, and in the adjoining parts of the Counties of Aberdeen, Elgin, and Inverness, are in bad repair, and in many places so ruinous that Travellers cannot, at all times, conveniently or lately pass, nor can they be repaired, or kept in repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other powers given; and that the passage over the River Spey, at or near the Boat of Bog, and at or near the Boat of Bridge, are often impalf'able of dangerous for Passengers; and that if Bridges were built over the said River at or near those places, and power given to levy Pontages thereon, for supporting and maintaining the fame, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all Persons travel ling through the said County; and that the Law's now in being for making Roads and building Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual in the said County of Banffto make and maintain the Roads through the fame generally, and other and further powers are necessary to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and that a reasonable compensation in money, in lieu of actual labour, is in many places found to be more useful and beneficial than the actual performance of Statute service; and it would be of advantage ‘.o the said County, if powers were given to convert the Statute services into money, and ascertain the rates thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an Assessment on the Heritors of Lands and other Persons in the said County, for making and repairing Hienwaysand Bridges through the fame: Then,

An Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, certain Roads in thv County of Aberdeen, and for levying a conversion in lieu of Statute labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, being read;

A Member present further informed Your Committee,. That power was given by the said Act to repair the High Roads and Bridges in the Parishes of Garnery, Inverkeithney, Keith, Mortlach, and those parts of the Parishes of Alloa sand Rothiemay, lying South of the River Doveran, in the County of Banff; and that it would be advantageous to the Heritors of Lands in the said Parishes, and all Persons resident therein, if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Parishes, was repealed, and the High Roads and Bridges therein were placed under the like management as other High Roads and Bridges in the County of Banff.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen, for building Bridges over the River Spey, and fur regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Fergufon, and Mr. Brodie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom Petition the Petition of several Persons interested in the Lands thereinafter mentioned, u'as referred; That the Com-- f0r wark mittee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and inclosure, had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to ret)l>ne‘1, them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic:

Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Peters, junior, being examined, said. That, in purfu.ince of leave granted by the House, on the 23d day of March Jaft,

Notices have been given on the door of the Parish Church of Simonburn,of the application to Parliament for inclosing certain Lands in the Barony or Manor of and iu

the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the tzd day of March last, was made from the Committee,

to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County of Northumberland, and of several 01 her Persons interested in the Commonable Lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred; might be again read.

And the same being read according!:';

O' w >

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for in-*

7 <0^ CJ

doling Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland: And that Mr. Beaumont and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

s:.fc

jab?

'n of

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sporle, and Sporfeamt

Hamlet of Pa/grave, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Pj,srave r , * 1 J Inclosure Bill,

fecund time. ^ committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Act ley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Qualle and John Christian, in be- Petition for half of themselves and the House of Keys of the JJle of Man, and of other persons interested in the trade and com- Petition for me;ce of the United Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade and Navi- ort* <~ gation of the Irish Channel would be most materially benefited by the improvement of the Port and Harbour of Ramsay, in the Ife of Alan, and the lives and property of many of His Majesty’s subjetfts would be thereby laved and preserved; and that the Harbour and Pier of are

in a ruinous state, and incapable of affording lhelter to any but vessels of the linilleft burthen; and that no part of the money hitherto granted by Parliament for the improvement of the Ports of the 1fte of Ad a, has beau applied to the Port of Ramsay-, and that the benefit of a good Harbour at the said Port, the situation of which affords every facility for making one, fwould be most materially felt by the Ports c-t Liverpool, Lancaster, Glasgow, Dublin,

Belfast, and Newry, as well as by those of the Ccaft of Cumberland, and indeed by all vessels navigating the Irish Channel; and that, through a delay in receiving full instructions from the House of Keys, the Petitioners were prevented from presenting their Petition to the House, within the time limited for prefenring Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying, That leau-’e may be given to present a Petition for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- Leave gives, fiances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several persons being offered to be presented to the Howie;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His MajestyV command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; con- Petition taining the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying. That the House vvtil grant the Petitioners such relief and assistance as in its wiiclom and liberality shall seem proper.

O.dered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

nutter

Irport, &c. cterred.

Report Ways ad Means.

Itiifing a Sam by Annuities.

Term* of n»£ng the same.

44 Geo. III. 2" Mail. 249

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear‘to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. Curwett, Sir Robert John Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry for the Isle of Man 1792; and also, the Paper intituled, " Observations by Mr. Reid, one of the said Commissioners," which were presented to the House upon the 3d day of May 1798, be referred to the said Committee.’

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Uefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the 1'um of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds beraised by Annuities, whereof the charges of Ten Millions are to be defrayed on the part of Great Britain, and of Four Millions Five hundred thousartd Pounds on the part of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the said sum of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of £.100 in Annuities, after the rate of £.3 per-centum, to commence from the 5th day of April 1804, and to be added to, and made one joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the rate of £.3 per-centum, which were reduced from/.4 to Z-3 per-centum by an Act, made in the 23d year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same time, and in the same manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3 per-centum Reduced Annuities:

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further principal sum of /. 82 in Annuities, after the rate of Z-3 per-centum, to commence from, the 5th day of January* 1804, and to be added to, and made one joint Stock with, the £ 3 per-centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33^ years of the Reign of his late Majesty Kthe Second, and. by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and trails--ferrable at the Bank of England, at the same time, and in the same manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Z.3 per-centum Consolidated Annuities:

That the said several Annuities, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated. for that purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 4th day of May 1804, makeadeposit of /.io. per-centum, on such sum as he or fli'e shall choose to subscribe towards raising the said sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a security for making the future payments on or before the days or times herein after mentioned; that is to say:

/.io. per-centum on or before the 15th day of Junei8c>4: /. 10. per-centum on or before the 20th day of. July next: /. 15- per-centum on or before the 17th day of August ne^t:

/.to. per-centum on or before the 21ft day of September next: -

/.i 5. per-centum on or before the 19th day of October next: ,

/. 10. per-centum on or before the 23d day of November next:

/.jo. per-centum on or before the 21ft day of December next: And,

/.to. per-centum on or before the 16th day of January 1805.

Vol. 59.

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the whole of his or her Contribution-money towards the said sum of Foutteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds at any time on or before the 20th day ot December 1804, shall be allowed an interest, by way of diicount, after the rate 1 of £.5. per-centum per annum, on the liini so advanced for completing his or her contrbution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 16th day of January 1805:

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the bank of England, shall be pa:d into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from time to {ime, to such services, for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Consolidated That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, Funtl* there be issued and applied the sum of Five Millions out of the monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Conlo-lidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain, not being imported by -the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; viz.

Duty.

Sugar, for every/. 100 of the Produce and /. s. d.

Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after mentioned) an additional Duty of - - - - it 10 0 Railins of all forts, for every/. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after mentioned) an additional Duty of 25 o All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, ' for every/. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after mentioned) an additional Duty of - -- -- - 12 10

Except

Cotton Wool.

Tea.

Wine.

Wood; viz.

-----Deals, above 7 inches in width* '

being 8 feet in length, and not above 10 feet in length, and not exceeding if inch in thickness, the additional Duties of Customs- granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on the importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage" of Shjps and Vessels in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants , of England trading to the East Indies-, viz.

,: Duty.

Sugar, for every /.100 of the Produce and /. s. J.

Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after men- .

tioned) an additional Duty of - - - - 12 10 o

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize^, for every /. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable.

thereon (except as-herein after mentioned) an additional Duty of----- - 12100

Except Cotton Wool.

Tea.

Wine

The additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the last Session of 3 S Parliament,

Die ized by

250

2° Mail A. 1804.

Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

Additional Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

Cutomtf towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within Great tain iviz.

Dot

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or £. s. d. carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within Great Britain, for every £.iOo of the

Produce and Amount of the Duties of < Customs due and payable thereon (except

as herein after mentioned) an additional Duty of - -- -- - 12 ioo Except

The additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

Additional Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Drawback on there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of any sar’ Sugar from Great Britain an additional Drawback of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Drawback of the Duties of Customs now paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

Stmnrie* Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of any refined Sugar produced from Sugar of the British Plantations, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, an additional Bounty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Bounties on such refined Sugar now paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

Countervail- Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ^e additional Countervailing Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, be charged upon all refined Sugar of the manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain-, viz,.

Duty.

Sugar refined.; viz. £. s. d.

- -----— Bastards, whole or ground, the

hundred weight -----026

— ----- Lumps, the hundredweight - o 4 Si

-----*—— Single Loaf, the hundred weight 050

——----- Powder Loaf and double Loaf,

the hundred weight ---054! Sugar Candy, Brown, the hundred weight - o 4 8f

_—-----White, the hundred weight - o 5 4I

' Sugar refined, of any other fort, the hundred

weight - -- -- -65 4f

Drawback* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ami Bountie* the additional Drawbacks or Bounties herein after men-*n u ‘ tioned be allowed on all refined Sugar of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland; viz.

Drawback.

Sugar refined; viz. £. s. d.

■ Bastards, whole or ground, the

hundred weight - -02

.... Lumps, the hundred weight o 4 8 J

• < Single Loaf, the hundred weight 050

-----—< Powder Loaf and Double Loaf,

the hundred weight --054! Sugar Gandy, Brown, the hundred weight - 6 4 8f

-----White, the hundred weight -. o 5 4$

Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the hundred

weight ...... * - - - 0 5 4J

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;', That, Additional towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties and Drawbacks of Excile herein after mentioned, shall be charged and allowed on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described; viz.

Duties.

For every tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties herein specified, and all other Duties thereon, shall not be paid on or before the 30th day of April x 804, or which shall be remaining in any warehouse under the locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excile on the 30th day of April 1804 -

For every tun of all other Wine (not being French Wines) imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties herein specified, and all other Duties thereon, shall not be paid on or before the 30th day of April 1804, or which shall be remaining in any warehouse under the locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise on the 30th day of April 1804 -

For every tun of French Wine which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the (lock or possession of any Dealer in, or Seller of. Foreign Wine ——

For every tun of all other Wine (not being French Wines) which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the (lock or possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of. Foreign Wine -

Duty.

£• d. 11 18 6

7 *9

71 xS 6

7 19 o

Drawback.

For every tun of Foreign Wine which shall be exported to Foreign parts from or out of the entered (lock of any Dealer in, or Seller of, such Wine, the whole of the said Duties.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The second Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the words "21ft day of * September," and inserting the words " 20th day of " September," instead thereof; and by leaving out the words, *« 21 ft day of December," and inserting the words " 20th day of December," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refohed, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That every Contributor to the said sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of £.100 in Annuities, after the rate of £.3 to commence from the 5th day of April 1804, and to be added to, and made one joint Stock with^certain Annuities after the rate of £. 3 per-centum, which were reduced from £.4 to £.$ per-centum, by an Act made in the 23d year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same time, and in the same manner, and iiibjedt to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3 per-centum Reduced Annuities:

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled tOjthe further principal sum of £.82 in Annuities, after the rate of £.3 per-centum, to commence from the 5th day of January 1804, and to be added to, and made one joint Stock with, the £.3 per-centum'Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, o8th, 29th, 32d, and 33d years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and trans- v ferrable at the Bank of England, at the samp time, and in

the

44 Geo. III. 2°Mail.251

the (am© manner, and subject to the like Redemption as the said £.3 per-centum Consolidated Annuities:

That the said several Annuities, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great , or

any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 4th day of May 1804, make a deposit of £. 10 per-cent urn on such sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said sum of Fourteen millions Fitte hundred thousand Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of as a security

for making the future payments on or before the days or times herein after mentioned; that is to say:

£.\o per-centum on or before the 15th day of June 1804: £.\o par-centum on or before the 20th day of July next:

£. 15 per-centum on or before the 17th day of August next:

£.10 per-centum on or before the 20th day of September next:

£.1$ per-centum on or before the 19th day of October; next:

£.10 per-centum on or before the 23d day of November

next:

£. 1 o per-centum on or before the 20th day of December next: And,

£.10 per-centum on or before the 16th day of January t$o$:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his or her Contribution-money towards the said sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at any time on or before the 19th day of December 1804, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the rate of £.$ pit-centum per annum, on the sums so advanced for completing his or her.Contribution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 16th day of January 1805 -

That all the monies so to be received by the (kid Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to (itch services, for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a feednd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first and second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond , Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Tkynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Mr. Chan-

cellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney Genera^, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George , Mr. Bond, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Golding, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stirling The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned

to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com-aypoinJdT mittee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is ns follows:

John OJborn, Esquire, the Right honourable George Rose, :VOL. 59.

Thomas Thoroton, Esquire, James Farquhar, Esquire,

Gregor, Esquire, James Buller of Exeter, Esquire, Sir Robert Peele, Baronet, David Clephane , Esquire, the Honourable George Heneage Lawrence Dundas, William Dickson, Esquire,

Thomas Babington, Esquire, Charles Watkins William Wynn,

Esquire Sir Charles Talbot, Baronet, Thomas Qreevey, Esquire,

James Trail, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Stirling, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials erf controverted elections.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account# count of the Abstra6ts of the Subdivision Rolls returned onlered! for the several Counties, Districts, and Places, in Great R0nl. °n Britain, pursuant to the provisions of the Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96. as far as the fume can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Yeomanry count of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps in Great corp»?lufiteeC Britain, as have been voluntarily assembled, on permanent Pay and Duty, (ince the date of the last Return presented to this House, as far as the fame can be made up.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into confi-.JBi»<?<ta8*#p deration the Report from the Committee, to whom it referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the Amendment# Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps * of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great , and to make further Regulations relating thereto, and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; and also the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amendments, be taken into consideration upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, relblve AyWbury ltfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill V

for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylejbwry,in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to alter and amend so Billrespecting much of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the sums to be paid by persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty, be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all the Exports from Great Britain to the West v?dt indithe India Colonies in the three last years j distinguishing the ordered. * Amount, in Custom House value, of British Manufadurei, or Foreign Articles exported; also, distinguishing the years, and the respective Islands.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Confidmdoa 5th day of April last, for taking into consideration, Tommorrow, the Petition of William Hu/kijfon, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for^efcaed. the Borough of Lijkeard, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tommorrow sevennight, the lothday of this instant May* »t Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House was mOved, That the Order, made upon the Confutation 6th day of April last, for taking into consideration, Tommorrow, the Petition of Thomas Sh&idan Esquire; and tMcorf* also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and Jqfiah Abraham, severally complaining of an undue ek&ion and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

4- Ahi

.252

2" ‘Ma

A. 1804

Report

Palace*

' * And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into considera-jion upon Tommorrow sevennight; the loth day of this infant May, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

; Memorandum;

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders for t heir at tendance accord i ngly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the resetting whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Sale of* *of Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Archbishopgf Petition of Charles Viscount Lord Archbishop of

Dublin'* Dublin, was referred, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his placej and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Archbishop of Dublin be authorized to dispose of the Mansion-house, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, called, " The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at Saint Sepulchre's" for the use of the Public, and to apply the Purchase Money in other Buildings, for the residence of the Archbishop of Dublin for die time being.

• Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury in be authorised to issue the sum of Seven Thousand Pounds, Irish currency, out of the Consolidated, Fund of Ireland, for the purchase of the said Palace of the Lord Archbishop of Dublin.

; The said Resolutions being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Corry, Mr. John Latouche, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Shaw, do prepare, affd bring in, the Same.

Tdaple ©uiting Inclosure Bill* passed*

Petition

respe&inff Westminster Court House* reported

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Guiting, in the County of was read the

third time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the J*tfe be,

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Guiting, in the County of

Ordered, That* Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their tdncurrence.

Mr. Rankes reported from the'Committee; to whom the Petition: of Several of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act, made in the 18th year of His said Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts of the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter in Westminster, and /pr holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Slid City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the Same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1 To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Adjt was read.: And,

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, being examined. Said, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said ASt, and have, pursuant to the powers thereby given, purchased certain houses and premises, and caused the same to be taken down, for the purpose of erecting the said Court House on the ground occupied by Such houses and premises: That considerable inconveniences to the; approach for both Houses of Parliament being apprehended, in case the said Court House Shall be erected on the said ground, and the Petitioners having lately found that the Dean and Chapter of are willing to fell

the. site of the Market for the City"of (the said

Market having, fallen into distife) which will be a much mote.convenient Spot for the erection of the said' Court Hoqfe, than the ground vested in the Petitioners by the said Act, have agreed to Sell the- ground fa purchased by

i the Petitioners to His Majesty, for the use of the Public, and are desirous of obtaining power to purchase the site of the Said Market, together with fuel) further powers as may be necessary, to enable them effectually to build and complete the said Court House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament, be read a Second time Tommorrow.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, l'o-morrow, telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the b'ish Linen Trade;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Tommorrow," and inferring the words " Thursday, the 17th day of this instant " May," in (lead thereof.

And the said Amendment and Motion were, severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Linen Trade.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire into the date of Ireland as to its Circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain, have leave to report, from time to time, the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Said Committee.

Mr, Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom < the Petition of Sir James IVrighBaronet, Archibald Ha-

milton, and William Knox, Esquires, Surviving Executors of the last will and testament of Sir James Wright, Baronet, deceased, formerly Governor of the Province of Georgia, in North America,was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, certain Acts, passed in the 23d, 25th, 26th, 27th, and 28th years of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who had Suffered in their Rights and Properties, and Possessions, during the late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to His Majesty, and attachment to the British Government, and to settle and allow certain Compensations for all such Losses, were read:, And,

John IVilmot, Esquire, one of the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, being, examined said, That the Commissioners did proceed according to the directions of the said Acts, to enquire into the state of the property confiscated by the said American Starts, as the property of Persons retaining their allegiance to Great Britain, and reported the result of such enquiries to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and to His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State: That# amongst other things, the Said Commissioners did report the amount of the Losses sustained by tire late Sir James Wright (the whole of whose property was confiscated by certain Acts of the General Assembly of the Province then called The State of Georgia.) That his claim was about £.100,000., which the Commissioners liquidated at #£.36,876. The first liquidation was #£.30,301., but afterwards, an addition of £.6,575. was made to that sum. The Commissioners deducted from the amount of the Losses of the Slid late Sir James Wright, two Several sums of £. 1,274. and #£.1,900.; one being a debt due and owing from him on his note of hand to Miles Brewton, of South Carolina, Esquire, and the other being a debt due from the said Sir 'it James

Irish Public Accounts Bill, deferred*

Motion reflating Irish Linen Trade, withdrawn.

Committee on Petition respecting the Irish Linen Trade, deferred.

Committee on Irish Currency* to report Minutes*

Petition of Executors of Si r James Wright, reported.

44 Geo. III.

/ 2° Mail

James Wright, on two several bonds to Benjamin Smith, of Charlestown, Esquire, making, together, the i'um of £.3,174. That the said Commissioners made this deduction from the amount of his Losses upon a preemption that the said MilesBrewton, and the Representatives of the said Benjamin Smith, being persons friendly to the independence of America, and falling within the provisions contained in the Acts of Conlilcation for the Relief of American Creditors, might and would obtain payment of their said respective debts out of the produce of the confiscated Estates of the said Sir James Wright, which were amply sufficient to the paying and satisfying the fame. This deduction of the two sums of £.1,900. and £.1,274., reduced his loss to £.33,702. There was also a further deduction of £.2,370. made under the Authority of Parliament, as in other cales of payments made to American Loyalists, leaving a balance of £.31,332., which was paid in two payments; one of £.12,120. 14*. he received himself in 1786, the other of £.19,211. 6s. was paid to his Executors on the 18th of December 1788.—Then,

Mr. Richard Edward Nathaniel Lee being examined, said, That shortly after the Commissioners had made their Report, and the compensation awarded to the said late Sir James Wright had been paid to him, certain Actions at Law were commenced against him and his Executors, to recover the full contents of the said note and bonds, with interest thereon, and Bills in Chancery were thereupon liled by his Executors, for an Injunction to re ft rain die Claimants from proceeding further at Law, on the ground that the said Claimants, or their Representatives, had actually obtained, or might and ought, under the Acts of Assembly, to have obtained payment of their said respective debts out of the produce of the said Sir James Wright'sconfifcated Estates; and ought, therefore, to be barred from recovering the fame in England, out of the compensation allowed him by the Commissioners, and more especially as the Commissioners, in computing such compensation, disallowed to the amount of the debts owing by him in America, considering that such debts were provided for, and would be paid out of the produce of his confiscated Estates.

The witness further said. That, upon the final hearing of the said matter in Hilary term 1802, before the Lord Chancellor, his Lordship was of opinion. That the Court could grant no relief in the premiles to the Executors of the said Sir James Wright, and therefore dismissed the Bill then before the Court without costs; which determination likewise decided the other Suit, which flood precilely on the fame ground as the one so determined: and the said Executors having long since paid the principal money and interest due on the said note and bonds into Court, and the Claimants having been permitted to take the fame out ot Court, upon undertaking to refund the fame in case the decision of the Court should be against them, thereupon became entitled to retain and keep the fame. That the lum paid into Court, in full of all principal and interest on the aforesaid note of hand, amounted to £.1,982. is. 6 and the sum paid in like manner on the aforesaid bonds, amounted to £.2,888. 12 a. 10 making, together, the sum of £.4,871. ir. 4 d.That in defending the laid Suits, the Executors of the said Sic James Wright have expended the sum of £ 950. i2.r. 7 d.; and that they have further sustained a loss of interest upon the sums so paid, amounting, for 16 years, from ill of February 1788 to 1 ft of February 1804, upon the aforesaid note of hand, to £.1,585. iSj. id., and for 12 years from 9th of March 1792 to 9th of March 1804, upon the aforesaid bonds to j£.1,733. 3s. 6d. making, in the whole, the sum of £.9,140. i6r. id.; as follows: .

S» w.

Note and Bonds - - 4,871 1 4

Interest on Note - - 1,585 18 8

D° on Bonds - *>733 3 6

Costs - - - - 950 1 a 7

253

■ the Guide Foil at the South end of in the

Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End. in the same County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Ileathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

l Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- i;p.on Bridge the powers of two Acts, passed in flic 25th year of !:<n<hHnl> Reign of his late Majesty, and the loth year of the Cjinim‘tc‘1,

Total Loss

£• 9>,4° *6 1

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the lload branching out of the Great North Road by Vol. 59.

A Bill for contir

ing

the Reign of his late Majesty, and tire 19th year Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of V/orcester,to the Parish of Tirle in the County of

Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned;

and for amending the Road leading from the I Unite in the Parish of Hanley Cr.fde,in the said County, to the River Severn, was read a ft-cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John William Ward, Mr. Jo/efh Scott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamoer.

A Petition of certain Commissioners, acting under an Petition Act, passed in the 19th year of. His present Majesty, for '

amending and lupponing the fevetal Roads leading into the Town of Upton-upon-Scvcrn,in the County of

waspresented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and Petting forth, That the said Bill includes within its powers many of the private Roads belonging to the Parish of Upton-upon- Severn,which have never termed a part of the Roads belong !;1, to the said Trull; and also an Authority to the Commissioners to pave, or otherwise improve, all the Streets and Lanes in the said Town of Upton; and that the Petitioners, foreseeing the immense expenditure which must attend the execution of these propofi-tions, intreat the House to suspend the progress of the said Bill till a General Meeting of the Commissioners can be convened, and the Petitioners, and others afling with them, heard before the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords Simeon:- have agreed t*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Ex- 8,0^000) chequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and tour; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raffing the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Bills Bill, Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Biils, for the service of ,500,000) Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia Pay, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the &e-Bnl. Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act infh Miiim for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one p‘iy> ^c- Bill, thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Militia revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of £(p'gl!j",s* March one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of. an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Newfound-exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the pro- lan^siup» visions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

• 3 T for

Dublin Police Bill.

Cumberland and Westmorland Roads Bill.

West India Docks Roads Billy with an Amendment.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, presented.

Accounts presented t

Linens

exported*

Malt carried Coallways.

Malt charged with Duty.

Beer D*.

Clover Seed exported and imported.

254 2° Ma A. 1804.

for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establi filing a Parochial Watch therein: without ariy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the second and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hef-ket, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and' enlarging the term and power? of an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the India Docks, in the IJleof Dogs, in the County of and

also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate "with the East India Docks; with an Amendment; to which ' Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Sixth Report of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and exa-" mine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which " are, or have been practised by Persons employed in the " several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the * business of Prize Agency, and to report' such Observa-" tions as shall occur to them, for preventing such Irregu-" larities. Frauds, and Abuses; and for the beter conduct-" ing and managing the business of the said' Departments, " and of Prize Agency in future."

.And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Rdpdrt do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

1 Tlfe said Report is preserved among!!; the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that'Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Imports and Exports, attended at the door; fie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of British and Linens exported from Great Britain, distinguishing the Linens manufactured in Qreal Britain and Ireland respectivdly, from the Union to the eth January 1804 and distinguishing each year: And also,

An Account of the quantity of Malt carried Coastways from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, in six years, ending 5th January 1804, and of the rate and amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each year: And also.

An Account of all Malt charged with Duty in Scotland, in six years, ending 5th January 1804, and the rate and amount of Duties paid thereon: And also.

An Account of all Strong Beer, Table Beer, and Small Beer, charged with Duty in infix years, ending

5th Janiiary 1804, with the rate and amount of Duties thereon: And also.

An Account of all Clover Seed exported from Great Britain to Foreign Countries, and imported into Great Britain from Foreign Countries,1 during the last seven years, ending the 5th January 1804; and distinguishing the Amount in each year, and the Ports from whence, and into which the lame has been exported or Imported; together with the Amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid' thereon.

Together with duplicates of the third and fourth of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The four last of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the first Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Petition of the Priforters confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Hereford, Was presented to the House, and read ^complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Henry Paulet St. John Baronet, and

Dame Jane his wife, to lease part of the settled Estates In the County of Essex, devised by the late Dame Anne Mild-may, of Mcu/Jfoam'Hall,in the said County, was read 'a

second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cometvall, Mr. Sturges Bourne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the1 Parishes of and Denton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir-Jacob Henry Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are; to meet this Afternoon,' in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of1 the Society for Insurance frrfm loss or damage by* Fite,-conlmohly called The British Fire Insurance Officer And'also,

A Petition of the Society for Ihfbrance on Lives and Survivorships, and gtahting Ahhuities, commonly called The WestmthJler Life Insurance Office-,

Were fevetally presented to the House, and read; taking'ribtice of the1 Bill for enabling His Majesty to inebrporate by a Charter, a Company, to be called The Hants, Suffix, and Dorset Insurance Company, for grantingJ Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Insurances against l6fs or damage by Fire; and setting forth, That, if Hie fame should pass into a Law, it will give the said intended Company various privileges and advantages over the Petitioners, who have, at a very great expence, established undertakings for carrying-on Insurances in Great Britain, and have paid sums of money, to a very great amount, in consequence thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, by their counsel, or agents.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their counsel, or agents,

! against the said Bill, upon their Petitions,1 if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Bill to suspend, for a 1 time to be limited, the operation of so much of an Act, made in the last; Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing deficiencies, or filling up vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations, be read a second time tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied, be read a second time Tommorrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to'His Majesty.

Resolved,

(No. 3 j,

Hereford

Debtors

Petition.

Mild may 's * Estate Bill, committed.

Topcroft an Denton Inclosure Bi committed*

Petitions

again It Hanl Sussex, and Dorset Insurance Con pany’s Bill*

Irish Military Force Suf-

deferred*

Militia Subalterns Bill, deferred

Ways and Means, deferred

44 Geo. III. 2"—3° Mail

255

Supply,

deterred*

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 3° dieMaii;

Anno 440 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1.804.

Prayers.

AMESSAGE byMr. Quorate, Yeoman tUlher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized ^by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

■ Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-• million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of ' the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of

Stifle*f, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Ganterbuty, the Lord High Chancellor, •and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord,

: named also.in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which /Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of Eight Millions by Loans . or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for raising the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon Public Annuities, and to extend the times for hearing Appeals on Assessments, or Surcharges, made in purl'uance of the said Act:

An Act, to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven, lo much of an Act, made in the f rty-first year of His present Majeuy, as relates to allowing Plantation Sugar to be Vtarehoused:

An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain limit;

to the allowing the importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Dufy, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in bulk, or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir George

and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maid-stone Geneva, to the fifth day of July 'one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the admission to entry of Oil you 59.

and Blubber of Newfound1 and, taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and rive;

An Act for detr ying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, as giants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament:

An Act for defraying, until ,the twenty-fifth day <?f March one thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge $f the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers,.for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for-making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace:

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a time, and to an extent therein limited, > to accept the Services of such parts of His Militia Forces in as may voluntarily

offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain:

An Act for empowering His Majesty to direct the augmentation of His Militia Forces \n Ireto an extent therein limited:

An Act to amend.an Act| passed in the last: Session of Parliament, for making provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second ye$tr of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture \n Ireland:

An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating. Vessels carrying Pafiepgers from the United Kingdom:

1 An Act to enforce the dueobservance of the Canon? and . Rubrick respecting the ages of Persons to be admitted into the Sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest;

An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to, be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of His pjre-sent Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting,r and watching, the Streets, Lancs, and other public passages and places, within the Town of Milton next in she Couqty,

-of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein:

An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the district thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein:

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds wfitnin the Paruhcs A Ra>njcy and , in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for railing an additional sum.of money for carrying into execution several Acts for widening the entrance into the City of London near temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow and for railing, on the credit of the Orphans Fund, certain sums of money for those purposes; and also for enlarging the powers, of

- the said Acts;

An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in. the County Palatine of Lancaster;

An Act- for continuing the term ^nd powers «f two Acts, of the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty* so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon,in the County of Stafford, and from , the said Town of Stafford through and Eccleshall,

to a place called Ireland’s Cross, near Woore, in the County jo

256

3" Mali.

A. 1804.

ot Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain stone which divides the Liberty ot Rantcn and in the

Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, of t'nc twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, to far as relate to the Roads from Hand and Pod, at the top of Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the , and from thence to

Paddle Brookj and from The Cr on Salford Hill, in

the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Pojt, in the Parish of Witkington, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned:

-. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the 'Roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leaden-ham Hill,in the County of Lincoln, to the Weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark-upon-Trent, and from the Guide

Poll at the division of Kelham and Mnfkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to in the County of

■Nottingham-, and for repairing the Road from the Weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, made in. the second and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Hoifes, Glaze ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abler ley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth year of His present. Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin, in the County of Forfar:

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and froili Manadon Gate to The Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow-down, to Newtown River; and all'o, the Road from Worthy Cow do xn aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, palfed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from to Sheffield,

and from Sheffield to the South fide of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the fame relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to and through

part of the Town of Tinfiey to the place where the fame joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield:

An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from a certain stone which divides the Liberties of Rant on and Ellen hall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the 11 in!church Turnpike Road, near in

the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the RoacP between Nfntwich and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Hinfiock to Nantwich aforesaid:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish ol Eccles, into and through the Township of Worfiey,

to a place called Mcfes-Gate, in the Township of all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, of the lccond and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from H.fiket, by Tewes Bridge, to Cockermouth and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of berland and Westmorland:

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been dilpoied of by virtue of

an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectually raising a sufficient sum " of money for discharging the debts and incumbrances " affecting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo,

" Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the Right honourable " Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable * Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount " Sudley, and for the payment of the debts now due by them respectively, and for other purposes

An Act for the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain sums of money decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Estates of ■George Montgomery, Esquire, a Lunatic, in the Counties of

Cavan and Fermanagh, in Ireland, by sale of the Inheritance of a competent part of the said Estates:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the Rectory of Brafied, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the property of the Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of Brafied aforesaid:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in' the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree,otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree otherwise

Sazvtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon -:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Tot ting ton, in the Pari 111 of Leominster, in the County of Stiff ex;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Snffex:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint'Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in tire Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucefiler:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Wcfi Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York r An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari flics of Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of Nottingham:

■ An Act for naturalizing Johannes Hendrik Ohrly.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcote be added..to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a adaedtobring Bill pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of tire Right int?ora;-eBiil honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and the humble , Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, Thomas East on, 1

Clerk, and several other Proprietors ot Estates in the Lord-Ill ip or Liberties of Great Goner by and Mant horpe cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according H-g Abort-* to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes or and Mumby Hogsthorpe and Mumby cum Chapel, in the County of ’

Lincoln: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according Gonerby to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordships or inci.>fnreBiH, Liberties of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby, 1>lclc,ntai'

in

Leicester, Cornwall, md Devon Debtors, Petitions.

Iringhurst,

See.

aclofureBill,

:ouimitted.

Petition from Bclfatt, &c. retnesting the Inih Linen Trade.

Stirling

Election

determined.

Account of Troops on board Ships of War, presented.

Petition against: Lonbeth Paving Bill.

44 Geo. III. 3* MatL 25T

in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time:

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol in and for the County of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors in the Sheriff’s Ward in the County Gaol of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Sheriffs Ward, or Prison, in and for the County of Devon;

Were severally presented- to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of Bringhurst., Great , and Drayton, in the County of Leicester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Gradock Hartopp, Mr. Legk Ke, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Linen Merchants of the Towns and neighbourhood of Belfast and Lijburn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with extreme concern, the imposition of a Duty on the Exports of lrish Linens to Foreign Countries, now amounting to £.4. per-cent.; and that this Duty will be materially injurious to that great source of Revenue and general prosperity, the staple Manufacture of Ireland; and that the Export of lrish Linens has declined to an alarming extent for the last seven years, at a period too when a general increase of British Exports has been the subject of exultation in Parliament; and the Petitioners therefore entreat the House to coiifider, before this Duty becomes permanent, what may be the farther decline of the Irish Linen Trade in consequence of a Tax incompatible with its prosperity: And therefore praying, That the House will take into their immediate consideration the absolute necelfity of a repeal of this Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Irish Linen Trade.

Mr. Rose, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of General Sir Robert Abercromby, of Airthrey Knight of the Order of

the Bath; and also of the Petition of James Bruce, of naird, Esquire, and of Harry Davidson, Writer to the Signet, both Freeholders in the County of Stirling, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Charles Elphinftone Fleeming is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Stirling:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petitions did not, either of them, appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. James Adams presented to the House, pursuant t6 their Order,

An Account of the number of Troops mustered on board Ships of War on the 31ft December 1793, 15th March 1794, and 15th March 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and other public passages VoL. 59.

and places, within the Parish of Larrlbeth, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and setting forth. That the said Bill contains certain powers and regulations which, should the . lame pass into a Law as it now Hands, would be very bur-, thenfome on the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That 'the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, ..

in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Amendment An Act for altering and enlarging the term and powers of Socks " * an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Ma- Roads Bill, jesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and 10, watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the jCounty of and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street , in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 19. After "them" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it Enacted,

" That nothing in the said recited " Act, made in the forty-second year " of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" or in this Act contained, shall ex-" tend, of be construed to extend, so "as to enable the said Trustees to take " posselfion of any Lands, Tenements,

" or Hereditaments, in the posselfion " of any Tenant at will, or Lefiee for " a year, without having given to such " Tenant at will, or Lefiee for a year,

" six calendar months notice in writ-" ing to quit the posselfion of such " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigram do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlbips.

Mr. Trail reported from the Committee, to whom lken the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *fp°aing consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- Westminster mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commis- Court House. sioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the 39th 3 U year

258

3° Mail A. 1804.

year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act, made in the 18th year of His said Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts of the Dean and Chapter of Peter in Weshninster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City, was referred, be now read.

■ And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster.

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Sill-ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend

two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of: And that

Mr. Rose and Mr. Bankes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stancs Bridge

Petition,

reported.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Commissioners for the care, management, and direction, of the Bridge of Stones and Egham causeway, in the Counties of and

was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 3 til year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River 'thanesfrom St ones to Egham, in

the Counties of Middlesex and , was read: And,

Mr. Henry Horne being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and built a Stone Bridge, by contract, for the sum of £. 8,400, but which, owing to the piers sinking, was soon after obliged to be taken down: That they afterwards contracted for the building an Iron Bridge, on Stone Abutments, for the sum of £. 4,900. which has been lately completed, but the cracking of several parts of the iron work has since made it necessary, for the public safety, that the lame should be Ihut up, and the old Bridge re-opened: That the expence of the said Bridges, and other works appertaining thereto, have nearly exhausted all the monies which the Petitioners are authorized to raise; and that, in order to enable them to complete and effectually support the said Bridge, it will be expedient that they should be empowered to borrow a further sum, and increase the Tolls, if it should be found necessary.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River 'Thames, from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William RuJJell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Abstrnft of Returns relating t# the Poor, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ab-straft of the Returns, made under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England, in lo far as such Returns may have been transmitted to His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State.

Bill for S:i!e of Archb fhoji of Dublin's Palace, preheated*

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling the capital Messuage, with the appurtenances, situate in Kevin street, in the City of Dublin, called " 1 lie Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at St.

" Sepulchre's," in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and for applying the purchase money, together with another sum therein mentioned, in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, House vote That the Thanks of this House be given to the Mod noble Richard Marquess Wellesley, Governor General of the British welletley.ic Possessions in the East Indies, for the zeal, energy, and ability, with which the Military resources of the British Empire in India have been recently applied, under his direction, in the prosecution of the War against the confederate Forces of Scindia, and the Rajah of and

that this House doth eminently attribute the brilliant and glorious successes which have crowned our Arms in that quarter of the Globe to the vigorous and comprehensive system of measures pursued by Marquess for

bringing the various Armies with promptitude and effect into the field;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Most noble Richard Marquess Wellesley, Governor General of the British Possessions in the East Indies, for the zeal, energy, and ability, with which the Military resources of the British Empire in India have been recently applied, under his direction, in the prosecution of the War against the confederate Forces of Scindia and the Rajah of; and that this House doth eminently attribute the brilliant and glorious successes which have crowned our Arms in that quarter of the Globe to the vigorous and comprehensive system of measures pursued by Marquels for bringing the various Armies with promptitude and effect into the field.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Right honourable Lord Clive, late Governor of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, for his zealous, cordial, and honourable concurrence, in promoting the Military operations which, since the commencement of the War, have been attended in every part of India with an uninterrupted series of the most signal and splendid Victories.;

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Jonathan Duncan, Esquire, Governor of Bombay, who, by his promptitude and activity in employing the resources and power of that Presidency, has materially contributed to the glorious success of the British Arms in India.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to General Gerrard Lake, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s and of the Company’s Forces in India, for the eminent judgment, active spirit, and invincible intrepidity, manifested by him in the command of the Army serving in Hindostan, by which he has maintained the honour of the British Nation, and reflected such additional luftreon the reputation of the British Arms.

Resolved, Netnine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Major General the Honourable Frederick St. John, for his courage and steadiness in fcconding the efforts of the Commander in Chief in Hindostan; and also to Major General the Honourable Arthur Wellesley, for the many important, brilliant, and memorable services, atchieved by him in the command of the separate Army within the Dekan-, and also to the several Officers of the Army, both European and Native, for their gallant con-dust and meritorious exertions during the arduous, honourable, and successful campaign in the East Indies.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the zeal, discipline, and bravery, uniformly displayed by the non-commissioned Officers and private Soldiers, both European and Native, employed against the Enemy in the East Indies-, and that the fame be signified to them by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their exemplary and gallant behaviour.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be transmitted by Mr. Speaker to the Marquess Wellesley, Governor General of the British Possessions in the East Indies, and that his 10 - LorJIhip

44 Geo. III. 3°-—4° Mali.

259

Dudley, &c. Road Bil)y reported.

Irish Annuities Bill presented.

Account of Drawback allowed to Brewers, presented*

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, presented*

Lordship be desired to communicate the said Resolutions to the Governors, General and other Officers referred to therein.

Mr. Joseph Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in repair,the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Wefi ,in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur-fu^nt to their Order,

An Account of the Drawback allowed to Common Brewers, under the Act of 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. tec. 4.; distinguishing each year, and each quarter.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

Note.—The said Account was withdrawn, and another

presented on the 18 th day of May.

1

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the turn of Fourteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-» morrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- irish Fublie ing of the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of AccountsBill, Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament; e,er

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- xriOi Military ing of the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the Force Suf-operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session deferred.811 * of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuefdaynext.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Militia Subal-Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while dif- tern! ®i,1> embodied, was read a second time. commute

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 4° die

Anno 44° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for debt in the Norfolk and County Gaol of Norfolk: And also, Salop Debtors

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Salop;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Customs Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

Dutie* Rilt, ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time

pre en . tQ limitecl» additional Duties on the Importation of

certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

wine Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

preiMteA *nS to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a

time to be limited, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Bill to defray The Order of the day being read, for the second read-ofCproiecuCe ’n§ Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions,

tions out «f by Order of the Justices of the Peace in England and the County Wales, out of the County Rates;

debarred. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Billrespecting The Order of the day being read, for the third reading statute Duty, of tj,e ingrossed Bill to alter and amend so much of an

deterred. *1 r

VOL. 59.

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley reported from the Committee, to Haddifcoe whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pa- inclosure Bill, rish of Haddifcoe,in the County of Norfolk, was committedrePorted-

and to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing. Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, assessed to the Land Tax at £.n. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at ,£.38. xos.per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the inclosure is assessed tg the Land Tax at £.397. per annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ii) his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

260

A0 Mail A. 1804.

Leiccfer An ingrossed Bill for empowering the Justices of the

Rate^Bill Peace for the County of ,at their General Quarter

pair'd. * ’ Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

■ An Act forempowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Legit Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. have passed Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Talbot Lord vor, and other persons, claiming under the will of the late Right honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of , being part of the

Estates devised by the said will; to which the Lords de-firo the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Romsey A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of

committed,11’ Extra, *n the County of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kingston, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

rken An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish

Inffe°d Ure B, H* Iken, in the County of Suffolk, was read the third time. * Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing. Lands in the Parish of Iken, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Trail do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Dudley,

&c. Road Bill, passed*

KIngfutton

Inclosure Bill,

committed*

Bridgham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Lord Dyne-vor’s Ellate Bill, read.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Weft Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield,in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manors and Parish of Kirtgsutton, in the County of Northampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Cartwright, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Creevey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Talbot Lord Dynevor, and other persons, claiming under the will of the late Right honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tyd-'vil,in the County of Glamorgan, being part of the Estates devised by the said will, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Annuities, reading of the Bill for raising the sum of Fourteen millions

committed,

Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

•Refolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Custoim reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, be now read, t

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- wine Duties ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be Bil,» limited, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into comim Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Sill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Order, Wcltminiter a Bill to arpend two Acts, made in the iSth and 39th years p... of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court I louse for presented^ ’ the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- irlth Annui-ing of the Bill for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill respe&ing ing of the ingrossed Bill to alter and amend so much of an Dul)’ Act, passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Fo/ler reported from the Committee, appointed to Report of enquire into the state of Ireland as to its Circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange be- irifc tween that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain, Currency, and to report the fame, with their Observations and Opi-

nion

261

Committee o* Aylesbury Election Bill*

Irish Revenue Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Sup^y,

deferred.

Bill to defray the Expence ot Prolecu-tions out of the County-Rates, deferred.

Irish Public Accounts Bill, deferred.

Committee on Militia Subalterns B*L

4°—5°

44 Geo. III.

nion thereupon to the House; and who were empowered to report the Minutes of Evidence taken before them, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had made a progress in the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Evidence to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House. '

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note.—A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

t* it c.l v fSir George Cornewall, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,)Mr jr.

( Wynn: )

Tellers for the } 5*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Praed took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Repqrt be received upon Monday

next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon th^ Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied.

Vol. 59'.

Mi*. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hirti to report, when the House will pledfe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 5° die Mail;

Anno 44° Georgii III. U Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to continue the term, and alter and Ra<j,or ant enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 7 th an'> Hereford 24th years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford,in the said A«fts mentioned; and

also, for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of , was read the

third time. \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he,

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the seventh and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of*

Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned j and ailfo for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor.

Ordered, That Mr. Bern IVa/fh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Curwen reported from the Committee, to whom the Hamby Petition of Thomas Quai/e and John , in behalf of Harbour

themselves and the House of Keys of the ljle of Man, and ^pbrud*. of other persons interested in the Trade and Commerce of the United Kingdom; and also the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry for the Isle of Man, 1792; and also the Paper intituled, " Observations by Mr. Reid," one of the said Commissioners, which were presented to the House upon the 3d day of May 1798, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

George Moore Callow being examined, was asked, If he wa9 acquainted with the Port of Ramsay ? lie laid. He was; that at present it is in very bad state, none but a very small vessel being able to get in, which proceeds from the want of a North Pier; but he believes it is capable of being made a safe and commodious Port; that it has a confide-rabie River that empties itself there, which would facilitate the keeping the mouth of the Harbour open; and that if something is not lhortly done to the Harbour, the Navigation will be entirely impeded.—And being alked, What kind of a Bay Ramsay is ? he said, It is one of the bell in the English Channel, and the belt anchorage, there being no Rocks to impede it.—And being alked, If frequent accidents do not happen to vessels anchoring in that Bay ? he said, They are frequently obliged to cut their cables* and put to feaat great rifle, and being unable to clear the Point of Ayr and Maughlehead, they are driven on (bore, and many lives and much property are annually loft, which would be saved if Ramsay afforded them a secure retreat.—And he further informed Your Committee, That no part of the money granted by Government has been laid out upon the Navigation of Ramsay.—Then,

Edward Christian, Esquire, being examined, said. That he was perfectly well acquainted with the Port of Ramsay; that the last time he saw it was about three years ago, and that it was then in the state described by Mr. Callow; that he thought it capable of being rendered a good Harbour,

3 X if

262

5° Mali. 1804.

if the Sand Bank which bars the Harbour were removed by a North Pier being built to direct the bed of the River; that the depth of the water at Spring tides is from 18 to 20 feet, and at Neap tides from 10 to 13 feet; and that the local situation of Ramsay induced him to think that a good Harbour might be made there, having the advantage of a considerable River, which would clear and keep open the mouth of the Harbour.—And being alked. If the Road-stead of Ramsay is a good one ? he said, A very excellent one; the Southerly winds which generally force the vessels from Liverpool and other Ports to the South, have no effect upon the vessels anchoring there, from the hills which surround the South fide of the Bay; the water in the Bay in Southerly winds is quite calm, comparatively.—And being alked. In what winds is the anchorage insecure in Ramsay Bay ? he said, All those in the North-east to the South-east included; that in those winds it is very dangerous for vessels to get out of the Bay, and that many accidents happen, which he is persuaded would be avoided if Ramsay Port were made capable of receiving vessels of burthen; that many vessels are deterred from flickering themselves in Ramsay from the want of a Port, and knowing the danger if the wind (hoald change to the South-east, East, or North-east; but if the Harbour was improved, the Bay of Ramsay would be more generally frequented as a place of security by all vessels from the Coast of Cumberland, Lancashie, and the Channel.—And being alked, If in his opinion there was any place in the Channel that would afford equal security with Ramsay, if the Pier was built ? he said, None, that he ever heard or fawj that he had often heard seafaring Men and Merchants express their strongest wilh that the Port of Ramsay should be improved so as to afford their vessels a refuge during the winds before described, and would have contributed their pecuniary assistance to accomplish that object; and that the Inhabitants and himself have often been obliged to fend their goods at a considerable expence to Douglas, or Peel, for want of a conveyance from Ramsay.—Then,

John Christian, Esquire, being examined, said. That he Was acquainted with Ramsay, and was there last Summer; that it was then in a very bad state j that to the belt of his knowledge, no considerable improvements have been made in it for some years.—And being alked, If any part of the sums granted by Government has been expended upon this or any other Harbours except Douglas He said, he believed not; he has always understood, that the whole -sum granted, which was /. 24,000, was laid out on the Pier of Douglas.—Then,

Dr. Kelly, d. d. being examined, said, That he saw the Harbour of Ramsay in the month of September last; the Piers were then in a very dilapidated state, and the Harbour itself very inconvenient for the reception of shipping,from a Bar at the Mouth, hardly capable of receiving Herring Boats.—And being alked. If he conceived the Harbour ot Ramsay capable of being made an excellent one ? he said. Yes; having the advantage of a considerable River, which would aft as a Back-water to scour the Channel, and remove the Bar; that the situation of Ramsay was such as would afford general advantage to the Trade of St. s

Channel, if it were made capable of receiving vessels of burthen.—And being alked. If frequent accidents do not occur to vessels flickering there ? he said, Almost always, when an Easterly wind prevails.—And being alked. If the improvement of Ramsay Harbour would not considerably benefit the Island ? he said. Very much.—And he further informed Your Committee, That he was 5 native of the Island, and consequently acquainted with it, and that his observations were the result of long experience.—Then, Edward Christian, Esquire, being again examined, said, That he has known vessels make the passage from Whitehaven to Ramsay, and the reverse, when a passage could not be effected from any other Port in the Island; and he has known the Packet detained at Douglas by winds which would not prevent a passage being made from And being alked. If he was not conversant in Trade ? he said, Hewas.—And being alked, Whether he believed if the Port of Ramsay were made capable of containing vessels of burthen, it would ielien the rate of Insurance from the Coast of Lancashie and Cumberland to ? he said. He certainly

would prefer under-writing a Policy upon those voyages to

Ireland if Ramsay Bay afforded them a secure retreat; and that he thought it would lessen the Insurance.—And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That there appears to be/. 19,000. and upwards of Balance of the last six years Revenue of the of Man-, and that hitherto the Revenues of the said Island have beeen appropriated to the improvement of the Island, Bounties for Fisheries, and the purposes of the internal Government of the Island; and that/.24,000. granted, as he understands, for the repairs of the Harbours by the Treasury, has been, as he is informed and believes, wholly or nearly lo expended on the Port of Douglas, which, though of great advantage to the Island, is of less importance to the general Trade of the Kingdom than Ramsay. That although the Port of Douglas affords Ibelter in case of storms, the difficulty of getting to Sea with an Easterly wind, makes it less frequented, as vessels are often detained there a considerable length of time when the wind would be fair for them to proceed on their passage. —Then,

A Member present produced to Your Committee two Letters which he had received; the one from Captain J.Huddart, of the Trinity House, and the other from Alexander Shaw, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man, of the fame date, relating to the state and condition of the Harbour of Ramsay,which are inserted in the Appendix.

Appendix (A.)

" Dear Sir,

" I am lorry to lay, that it is not in my power to attend the Committee on the improvement of Ramsay Harbour Tommorrow. The improvement of this Harbour, to admit Ships of burthen into iafety, would not only be useful to the place, but afford relief to such vessels as may be in distress. The Bay is a good Road with Westerly winds,-and might be more frequented by Ships navigating St. George'% Channel, if the Harbour is improved. At present if a gale come on so strong from the Eastward, that Ships cannot work out of the Bay (which to those winds it is ex-poled) they mult, if they part their cables, go on Ihore if they have not sufficient accommodation in the Harbour} and therefore, if improved, be materially useful.

I am. Sir,

Highbury Terrace, Your most obedient,

3d May 1804. humble Servant,

John Curzven, Esq. J. Huddart.n

Appendix (B.)

" Sir, Weymou.th-Str3d May, 1S04.

" I have just now received your Letter of this date, in which you do me the honour to alk my Opinion respecting the ufefulneis of having a good Harbour at,

in the Ife of Man. In anl'wer, I do not hesitate to offer it as my lincere Opinion, that such Harbour would be not only beneficial to the I/le of Man, but highly so to the general Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects of the United Kingdom, having occasion at any time to navigate St. George's Channel, and moreespecially in the winter months.

I believe. Sir, that Ramsay Bay is one of, or perhaps the very bell Road Head in the Channel, at least, that it is so considered. I know it is much frequented by vessels of every description, when, either inward or outward bound, they are prevented by contrary winds from proceeding on their respective voyages. It happens, however, not unfre-questly, that to keep as much as they can out of the heavy sea, raised in particular by strong South-weft winds, they are glad to anchor lo near the Ihore as to be in great danger in the case of a sudden change to the Eastward. It mull, therefore, be highly desirable to have always a Port under their lee, in which in case of need to leek and to find shelter; and I have understood that a Pier properly constructed, and at no very great expence, compared to its utility, would give into Ramsay a draught of not less than eighteen feet water or more on Spring tides, and in that proportion less at Neap tides.

I have the honour to be with much esteem.

Sir,

Your most obedient and humble Servant,

John Curzven, Esq. &c. &c. Shaz'J"

Ordered,

Petition of Merchants, See. respecting Ram say Harbour.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities*

Committee on I rift Annuities Bill*

Committee on Wine Duties bill.

Militia Subalterns Bill, reported*

44 Geo. III.

5°—70 Mail

263

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with- the Appendix, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, in Workington, Harrington, and Maryport, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the Cumberland Ports, about five hundred fail of Ships, of very considerable burthen and value, moftof them employed in the Trade to Ireland, and that in the Isle of Man there is not a Harbour fit for the reception of Ships of any considerable burthen, or capable of protecting them in a gale of wind, which deficiency is found very sensibly, and for want of it many valuable Ships and Lives have been loft i and that Ramsay Bay is a place which the Petitioners believe very capable of being made a safe and secure Harbour, at a moderate expence, and if it were done, it would be of very material advantage to the Trade to and from the Cumberland Ports, as well as from Liverpool, the Clyde, or elsewhere, when in the passage it may be necessary to go down the North Channel; and that the erecting a Harbour at Ramsay would be of'considerable benefit to the Isle of Man, and a furtherance of its Trade and Commerce: And therefore praying the House to take their case into consideration, and to give such assistance as may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the lum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities.

• Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a timejto be limited, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

Mr. Ormsby,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him’ to re-

Vol. 59.

port to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Estimate of

from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- Duties on tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Estimate of all Duties charged in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th of January 1803, and 5th of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties;—with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Paper* of the Petition or Representation of the Inhabitants of the the

Town of Ramsay, in the Isle of Man, delivered to the Com- ordered. an* missioners of Enquiry in the year 1791.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Mitford, Account of from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at ^Yances/rf the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to. Excise in the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, pre

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and current Balances due on the 5th of January 1803, from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, from the 5th of January 17 7 4, so far as- the fame can be made up;—with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 7° die Man;

Anno 44" Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE Lord Binning presented to the House, according Haddington to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and conlbli- R<»ds ®*n» dating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike pre en e * Roads, in the County of Haddington-, for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr . PenruddockeWyndham reported from the Committee, Pengateand

to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road Bill/reported, leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Wejibury, to Latchett's Bridge, near the East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Parishes of Great Chiverell, Little and Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which 13 they

Swan Tea Harbour Bill, committed.

Cumberland and Dumfries Fisheries Bill, feported.

Haddifcoe Inclosure Bill, passed*

Hogtlhorpe and Mumby Inclosure Bill, committed.

Gonerby Inclosure Bill, committed.

Act for granting Duties on Tobacco, &. c. to be considered.

Papers

respecting the Slave Trade, presented.

264

7° Ma

A. 1804.

they had directed him td report to the House j and he read the Report in his place \ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a le-cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* gtofled.

A Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same,

was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir ,"Paxton, Mr. Penrttddocke Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Curwen reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and and the Stewartry of

Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several firearm and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Harker and Company of and others, on the coast of the County of Cumberland, bordering on the Frith of Solway, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of and Mumby cum Chapel, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Ellison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordships or Liberties of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Af ternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to allowing the importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco to come into certain Ports, to wait for orders.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of Correspondence between His Majesty’s Secretaries of State and the Governors of His Majesty’s Colo-

nies and Plantations in the West Indies, respecting the Slave Trade.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.;

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,


Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the Bill for Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Sum the sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand reported^'1*' Pounds, by way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring.

That the Dividends on the Loan shall be exempted from the Duty on Property.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The Lord* Stratford: have agreed t»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brecon; to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of Ruld* Bin* ' two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brecon and -for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Ha^i^oad* powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the ' ’ Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builtk and Hay Turnpike Road near Liyfwen,in the County of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County; without any -

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act NorthBradlty: for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and incioiureBiil. Southwick, in the Parish of North Brain the County of Wilts', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WaSome for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waborne, in the inclosure Bill. County of Norfolk; without any Amendment. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, accord- Banff ing to Order, a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads Ro*ds in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen, for building prec Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Irish Annuities Bill, reported.

44 GeO. III. V Mail. 2

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be redd the third time Tomorrow.

Bill to defray Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second readme Expence of fog of ^e Bill, for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, out of the1* by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, CountyRates, OUt of the County Rates, be now read.

rred* And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tithe Tomorrow.

Paper* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies or the'war8 extracts of all Dilpatches received from the Governor in India, General of Bengal,or from the Presidencies of Fort Saint

ordered. George and Bombay, and of their Correspondence with their

respective Agents or Ministers, or with the Military Officers commanding in the Field, as far as such Dispatches or Correspondence relate to, or account for, Hostilities now or lately fulfilling between the said Governments and any of the Maratta Princes or States; with the dates of the receipt of such Dispatches.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of all Treaties or Correspondence between the said Governments and any of the Maratta Princes or States, relative to the said Hostilities, or to the caules thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of all Treaties, Engagements, and Correspondence, between the said Governments and any of the surviving Mahometan Princes or States in the upper part of India, particularly with the King or Mogul at Delhi, or his Ministers.

Motion for Copi«$ of Instructions sent to India* (Neg.)

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House copies or extracts of all Orders or Instructions lent to by the Court of Directors, or by any Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, on the fame subject}

It passed in the Negative.

Answto Mr. Secretary Torke reported to the House, That their

* Address of the 25th day of April last (that His. Majesty

would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give directions accordingly.

Papers

presented:

Irish Militia.

Monies paid to Public Officers.

Subdivision

Rolls.

Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

Mr. Secretary Torke presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the further Regiments and, Companies of the lrish Militia, which have made a voluntary tender of their Services to be employed in any part of Great Britain during the War: And also,

A Paper, intituled, * A Return, prepared in pursuance " of an Address of the House of Commons to His Majesty, " of 24th April 18 04, That He would be graciously pleased " to give directions, that there be laid before this House, " copies of all Representations made by the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant, for " obtaining some sufficient Grant or Authority, under the " Great or Privy Seal, or Sign Manual, of His Majesty, " King’s Letter, or King’s Warrant, for paying money to " Officers, or other Penons, for Public Service in Great Britain, since the ift January 1801; together with a copy " of every such Grant or Authority."

Mr. Secretary Torke allb presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Abstracts of the Subdivision Rolls returned for the several Counties, Districts, and Places, in Great Britain, pursuant to the provisions of the Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96. as far as the lame can be made up: And also.

An Account of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, as have been voluntarily assembled, on permanent Pay and Duty, since the date of the last Return presented to Parliament, as far as the same can be made up.

And the Titles were read.

Vol. 59

Ordered, That the said Papers' do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The feid Return is preferred amongst the other Papers

of this Session; the said Lift* and a General Ab- *(No. 32.) draft of the first f of the said Accounts, and the last |(No. 45 ) J Account, are inserted in the Appendix to this j(No. 11.) volume.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from wipe Duties the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for B,*1»rePu,w<k granting -to His Majesty, for a time to be limited,' additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great -tain; Was Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House{' and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by oneand, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to b^ the House.

Ordered, Thai the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to. Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ©uft-9mLn the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limit- utie’ 1 * ed, additional Duties on the importation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and oh Goods, Wares; and Merchandize, brought or carried Coast-wife within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That' they had gone through the Bill, and made feveraf Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please* to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Praed, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hohfe, to whom the Bill for the prevent- Efcaion! Bill, ing of Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members rePorte<I-to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Buckingham, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, ancf which they had directed him to report to the HOufe j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkM Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.-

Tellers forth. Yeasi^X?’^ } W

Tellers for the Noes^j1* ,<*/ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Varlfittart presented to the House,'

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the House, Account of " of the 16th of April 1804, for an Account of all subsist-" ing Pensions, granted by the Crowfr during pleasure, or ente '

" otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer; specifying «* the Amount of such PensionS respectivety, and die times " when, and the Persons to whom,- and for whose benefit,

" such Pensions were granted."

And the Title was read.

3 Y Ordered*

Jfftniix, (No. 46.)

Accounts of Arrears and BaUnces, pre fented.

Customs in Scotland

Land and

Assessed

Taxes.

Consideration ef Report on Lord* Amendments to Volunteer Sill, deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Supply,

deterred.

Irish Public

AccountsBill,

committed.

266 7°—8° 1804.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members Ord, That the ingrossed Bill for making Allowances, Militia Subal-

of the House. in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in t«n» Bill,

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Great Britain, while disembodied, be read the third time deferred-volume. Tommorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on 5th January 1803, from the Officers of the Customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 5th January 1774, sofar as the fame can be made' up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and in what situations they were or are employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on 5th January 1804, from the Officers of the Customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5th of January 1774, so for as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and in what situations they were or are employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1804, from the Receivers General of Land and Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Receivers, the names of such Receivers, and for what places they are or were Receivers; the sums originally due, and when j and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.»

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 8° die Mail;

Anno 440 Georgii III1" Regis, 1804.'

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the chippealufc Petition of James Hyett, and others, being parties Right of admitted to oppose the right of election of Members to onkrsfor serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the considering County of Wilts, is determined by a Select Committee, which determination was reported to the House upon the 28 th day of March in the last Session of Parliament; and also the Petition of Abraham Lloyd Edridge and others, being parties admitted to defend such right of election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hun-, dred and eight Members being present j

The counsel and agents were directed to be called in.

And the door being locked;

And no counsel, agent, or party, appearing on the part of the Petition, to oppose the said right of election j The House was moved, That an Act, made in the z8th year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Orders for taking the said Petitions into consideration were discharged.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con-flderation the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon} and also the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amendments, be taken into consideration upon Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland, to be laid annually before Parliament, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to York Road* whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Petition, Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Com- rePorted» mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 8thyear of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulston, to the extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York; and also, an Act, passed in the 29th year of His said Majesty, for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the City of York, to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the care of other parts of the said Road, were read: And,

Mr. Yhomas Plumer being examined, said, That the said Tuftees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Road now remaining under their care be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of lb much of two Acts, passed in the 8th and 29th years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of 3 ~ York

44 Geo. III. 8° Ma267

Q'ork to thfe top of Ofwa Bank, in the County of York .*• And that Mr. Henry and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Estate Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee,"to whom the ^ported, ingrossed Bill , from the Lords, intituled, An Act for * vetting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in fee simple, certain Estates, comprized in ai^ Act of Parliament of the 41ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, " of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in " Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear monies 4* thence arising, under the direction of the Court of Chan-* eery, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled in * lieu thereof, and to the same uses;" and for, by the 1 present Act, settling a fee simple Estate of him the said

John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe,deceased, in lieu of the said first-men-1 tioned Estates, was committed; That the Committee had

1 examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame

to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaClion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time. f Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

JetitioM A Petition of several Owners of Wharfs, Quays, Docks! 3w"fea Houses, and other property in Swansea, or concerned in c.inaj'&e. trade there, or Persons having lent money for the purpose *li. . of improving the Harbour of Swansea, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan; and setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Rands, the Petitioners property, and the security for the money lent on the credit of the Dues payable at will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That the fame may not pass into a Law without certain provisions being made therein, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of John Nathaniel Miers, Samuel Lettfom, John IVade, and John Hyland Mander, Owners of certain Tin Works at Ynifpenllwch, in the Parish of welach, in the County of Glamorgan, was^lfo presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain Mills for the manufacturing Tin Plates, which have been ereCled for upwards of forty-five years, at Ynifpenllwch aforesaid, adjoining the River other-

wile Swansea River, in carrying on which manufacture and works they employ a very considerable capital, and a numerous body of Men; and that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, a very heavy and most serious loss will be sustained by the Petitioners from the waste of water which will be consequer.tly occasioned thereby; and the Petitioners have also Forges for making Iron dependent upon the fame: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

’etition A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of

gamft verpool, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the

mpoYwnent House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for explaining, till. Vo L.59.

amending, and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and widening certain Streets, passages, and places, in the said Town, and for several other purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town; and setting forth, that the Petitioners will be very materially affected in their property and privileges should the said Bill, as it now Rands, pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as affeCl their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their, counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th Westminster years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court Co"rt House House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City committed, of Westminster, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow Seven-night, the 16th day of this instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Consideration resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of PeJjlion* consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Manufac- irilhLinfn * turers, and others,‘concerned in the Irish Linen Trade; Trade, and also, of the Petition of the Linen Merchants of the deferred* Towns and Neighbourhood of Belfast and , be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself-into the said Committee.

A

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Appleby and whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the ■

Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Road Petition, Committee had examined, and found that the Standing reported. Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered-it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the ill year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of in the County of Westmorland, through the Township of Orton to Kirkby Kendal, and from Orion to the Turnpike

Road near Shop, and from Highgate near T in a part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirkby,

through the Town of Kirkby Stephen, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County; and also, another Act, passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, were read:

And,

Mr. Richard Shepherd Stephenson being examined, laid.

That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, for which purpose they have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, whfoh money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby

Kendal,

268

8" Ma

Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland: And that Mr. James Graham and

Mr. James Lowtker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. 1804.

Lord Dyne* vor's Estate Bill, committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Talbot Lord,

and other Persons claiming under the will of the late Right honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant Building

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Customs

..... __0 from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Duties Bill,

Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr TydvU, Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, rePor,«d-in the County of Glamorgan, being part of the Estates additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods,

’ 'r ’ 1 ’ ..... * ~ ‘ Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain-, and on

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coast-wife within Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the re*d the lleport in his place; and afterwards delivered kc. Road Bill, gj]] for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: reported. the New Qn the parade> ;n the Townlhipof Cajlleton, Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in the Township of then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester,all in the Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the That the Bill, with the Amendments, be m-

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

deviled by the said will, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Graham, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Minchifter,

found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

Ordered, morrow.

That the fold Bill be read the third time To-

sasiw

ItfSto

fcri

fart Ml

A Bill for making further provision for making and Scotch Inland maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Invernefsand Fort William in Scotland, committed, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hawkins

r?rcr Saf-rMh cctbL

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Browne, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet

to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Accounts of

Ordered, That the Account of the official, and like-wife of the real or current Value at which each article of

to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears

and

Account of

Import, and wife of the real or current Value at which each article ot Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1803, from the iX? tob* the Imports and Exports of Ireland, during seven years, to several peWbns employed in receiving or collecting the printed. the 5th day of January 1803, has been estimated in the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, from the 5th of Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before january 1774: And also,

the Union, and to the House of Commons of Great Britain J An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and and Ireland since 1 distinguishing each year, and each arti- Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1804, from the cle i be printed for the Members of the House. fevera] persons employed in receiving or collecting the

Land Revenue of the Crown in England, from the 5th of AyWbuiy Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- january , ?74: And also,

Ueaion Bill, ing of the ingrafted Bill for the preventing of Bribery and An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and v*(rcd* Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parlia- Current Balances due the 5th of January 1803, from the ment for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buck- several persons employed in receiving and collecting the

Arrears and Balances, presented.

Saba

an

ingham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the said Bill be now read the third time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

That

T , r it. v fLord Arc )

Tdfers for the YeaS, J Mf j "•

Te.,rS for the Attorney General,

Mr. Raine So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 2. 1. 10. To leave out " Procels" and insert

To leave out

" Precept" instead thereof!

Pr. 3. 1. 21. To leave out " or Divisions."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Land Revenue of the Crown in Wales and County of Monmouth, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due the 5th of January 1804, from the several persons employed in receiving and collecting the Land Revenue of the Crown in Wales and County of Monmouth, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1804, from the Officers of Excise in England, from 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the Jate and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what capacity they are or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amounts and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Acccmnts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account of the total Amount of the Account of

VS Ann

*k!)b

:^fv

Bill for rzlfiag a Sum by Annuities,

Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of January Arrears, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- 1803, from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, from the Scotland, to ing of the rcigrolfed Bill for raising the Sum of Fourteen 5th of January 1774, so for as the fame can be made up, be printed, millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annui- be printed for the Members of the House. ties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Parish Ap-

Thelaid Bill was read the third time. better Regulation of Parish Apprentices: And that Mr.

If Wilberforce,

44 Gfeo. III.

8°—9° Mali.

269

Bill to de the Expeacr Of Prolccu-tions oof of the County K*t«^ committed*

Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafcelles, and Mr. Berkley , do prepare, and bring in, the fane.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Dundas, Sir Robert John Buxton, ice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Englifeand

Scotch

Military Force $*f-penfioB BUI# deferred*

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in 'Great Britain while disembodied.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Tea of the clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Mali;

Anno 44* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

rjIHE House being informed that Mr. from the Ireland—

Irish Mi^tary Force Suf-yrntjou Bill* deferred*

Committee on Ati for gnmting thilica on Tobacco, deterred*

Trish Annui* tin Bili9 |utTcd,

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, J[ Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at Account* the operation of io much of two Acts, made in the last the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to taife the House, pursuant to their Orders, an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing An Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for Consolidated , Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England the year ending the 5th January 1803, and also the actual FunJ-and Scotland, under certain Regulations; Payments thereout, within the said year, and the total

Ordered, That the Cud Bill be read the third time To-* Charge thereon, in respect of the said year; specifying also, morrow. the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund: And also,

An Account of the Consolidated Fund of , for

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- the year ending the 5th of January 1804, and also the ac-ing of the Bill to fuljier.d, for a time to be limited, the tual Payments thereout, within the said year, and the total operation of lo much of an Act, made in the last Session Charge thereon, in respect of the said year} specifying also, of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an addi- the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund: And also.

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as PondedPcbt* the fame ft-xxl on the 5th January 1804; distinguishing the years in which each part thereof was created, distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund, the annual Interest, and Annuities, and the several portions The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- thereof payable in London and respectively, the

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- charge of Management, and the annual Charge for the re-fider of so much of an Act made in the 29th year of His duftion of the said Debt: And also,

present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and An Account of the Unfunded Debt of and De- gS"*

Snuff, and Yor granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as re- mauds out (landing, on the jth of January 1804, under the 06 lates to allowing the importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco to come into cer- Loan from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the

Irish Lotteries of 1801} distinguishing, under each head respectively, the particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided, and also what part of the said Debt or Demand was then provided for, and in what manner, and

The ingrossed Bill for raising a certain sum of money, by whf P4*lhcreof was unprovided for: And also,

vay of Annuit ies or Debentures, for the lcrvice of Ireland, Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Ext^ordma-

was, according to Order, read the third time. 650,000. (£. 600,000. British) granted to His Majesty, nc*

BefoheJ, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be, *° d*Y the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, n Act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of *or lej|" Wlt^ the dates of their relpcftive Pay-

.. . ° '*/»' m/»nr« Anrinlfn

tional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

tain Ports to wait for orders;

Refolded, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wine Duties Bill, jaffed.

Annuities or Debentures, for the service ot Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, additional Duties of Excite on Wine imported into Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until twelvemonths after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

nients: And also,

An Account of the Distribution of£. 290,807. ior. nd. Vote of part of £.541,666. tjs. 4 d.(£.500,000. British) granted Credit* in Session 1803, to enable His Majesty to take fuel) measures as the exigency of Affairs may require, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: And also.

An Account of the Distribution of the sum of Civil Contm-£.47,788. 7 s. 6 d.part of £.54,166. 4 (£.50,000. «eatC1",i,e*

British) granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Contingent Expences in Ireland, for the year 1803, with the dates of the respective Payments: And also.

An Account of Sums paid in Great Britain, for Interest interest of

additions! Duties of Excite on Wine imported into Great of raised by way of Loan for during tight

Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet

lohirt Bill, cf Chaniev, in the Parish of in the County

cuuuaitud. c ~ f r ® J

of Berks, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charier

Dundas, Mr. George Vanfitta&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Charney

In ‘

kulnlterrs Bui, piUkd.

years, ending 5th January 1804} distinguishing each year: KU>

And also.

Copy of the Patent appointing the present Commis- Copjrof sioners of the Treasury in Ireland.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table.

The first and last of the Accounts, and the said Paper, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; the second, third, and fourth* of the said •(No. 27.J Accounts, and the other f Accounts, are inserted in 47. j the Appendix to this volume.

T neafury Patent.

Appendix*

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrossl-d Bill for making Allowances, in certain cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied, was read the third time.

Rifohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Township of through Middleton, to the Mere

An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Stone, in the Township of Gnat Heaton, and ta the Town Vot. 59, 3 of

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending the Manchester Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade, in the

____rt * _ C /> _ /21 . i______1 1 tJt.A__ *z. . f

270 9' Mail A. 1804.

of Mattehtfter,all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade, in the Township of Cajlleton, in the Parish of through Middleton, to

the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in" the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That MY. of Lancashire do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

fcomWlaml An ingrossed Bill for better regulating and improving Dumfries Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Bill, faffed. Cumberland and the Courities of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the Several streatns and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. j i. 1. 31. To leave out * zoth day of March," and insert ft ift day of February," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the words 10th u day of March," Hand part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be* An Act for better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several streams and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said airm of the Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Curwen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

cust*mi Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

Dutie* Bill, ing of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Faffed. tjme to limited, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wajes, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for six months after the expiration thereof, by the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain-, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. H Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their concurrence.

B>idgham A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in

lnciofure Bill, the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

*ommi e ’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Act ley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition of A Petition of the Land Owners, Barley Growers, and Grower*3'1* Maltsters, of the County of Sussex, was presented to the "* House, and read; setting forth. That, although the two last crops of Barley were good and abundant, the late heavy Duties on Malt have caused a considerable diminution in its consumption; that the sale of Barley has decreased, and such a reduction in price has taken place, as will oblige the Barley Growers to lessen, if not totally to give up, the cultivation of it; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Saint Andrew Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to Order, Auckland a jj|| for inclosing I.ands in the Parish of Saint Andrew presented.' * Auckland, in the County of Durham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Durham A Petition of the Debtors in Durham Gaol, was pre-

Debtor*- fented to the House; complaining of their distress; and

Petition. -ye

praying reJiet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Charles Dundasreported from the Committee, to Bill to defray

whom the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutioris, j^Ex>>ence by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, tions 'oatof out of the County Rates, was committed; That the Com- the County mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several report*!. Amendments thefeunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon the 30th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to simonbum Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simon- tnclosure Bill, burn, in the County of Northumberland:And the fame was prfieilte received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Jackson, Canon of Dottor Christchurck College, in the University of Oxford, be Jackson to desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, past^Day!th* Westminster,upon Friday the 25th day of this instant May, being the day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that the Master of the Rolls and Sir William Dolben do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the County of Additional Derby, was presented to the House, find read; taking notice of the Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for amend- &c. Road/ ing and repairing the Road leading from in the

Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, along the Road to Hopton, in the same County, and also for making a branch of Road, to lead from the said Road, up the Valley between the Griffe and Ible, by Grange Mill, to, or near to, Newhaven House, in the Parish of in

the said County; and setting forth, That the proper Notices were not only given of the said intended application, but also for making, amending, and repairing, another new Road branching from the firA-mentioned Road, near the said Valley, to the Town of Wirksworth', which last-merttioned branch of Road was not included in the Petition before presented, on account of there not being sufficient time to obtain the necessary subscriptions for defraying the expence thereof, but that a sufficient subscription has now been raised for that purpose: And therefore praying the House to give leave. That such last mentioned branch of Road may be included in the Bill prayed for by the said former Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the County of Derby,is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Most honourable James Marquis of Petition Salisbury, and of the Right honourable Lord respeeVmj

Brownlow, was presented to the House, and read; taking inciofiire. notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish; and setting forth,

That there arc within, or adjoining to, the said Parish, and to the Parish of EJJendine,in the County of Rutland, certain Fields, called the Intercommon Fields; and it would be a great convenience to all parties interested, if provisions were inserted in the said Bill, for allotting to the Carlby Proprietors such part of the said Intercommon Fields, as will be an equivalent for their rights therein, and if the fame were declared to be in the Manor and Parish of,

and to be part of the Lands to be inclosed; and if the re-fidueof the said Intercommon Fields were declared to be in the Manor and Parish of EJJendine, and to be the Freehold of the Petitioner the said Marquis of: And

therefore praying. That provision may be made in the said Bill, for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the

44 Geo. III.

9° 'Maii.

271

the matter thereof; and report the &mC, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Noel, &c. i And. they are to meet To-morrow' Morning, at Nine of the i clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend

for persons, papers, and records.

c Lords A' Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

•eagreed to Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

l to revive The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act litia"1"16 *° rev*ve a°d continue, until the Ratification of a Delimiters Act. tive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein j without any Amendment: And also,

Bterpeaing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act note Duty. alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty} without any Amend-. ment.

j And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ccii'-ifration The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Huiiffon’* the ad day of this instant May, for taking into considera-

tdition, tion. Tommorrow, the Petition of William Esquire,

iefened. respecting the last return of a Member to serve in Parlia-

1 ment for the Borough of UJkeard, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the laid Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the clock in the f Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

ionsideration The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the ^tainOD* day of this instant May, for taking into consideration, a&card5 Tommorrow, the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire; and fcaion, also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James

■e * Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, severally com-

plaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, might be read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Friday next’, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: '

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

kcount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-3noveriaui^r count of the number and tonnage of Transports taken up by Government for the purpose of taking on board any

rmy>

, kftiered.

part of the Hanoverian Army, and of the Expence attending the fame $ also, an Account of the dates of the first Order to the Transport Office on this occasion, of the Orders for the failing of the whole, or any part of the said Transports, and of the Orders, if any, for countermanding the failing thereof.

'onsideration The Order of the day being read, for taking into confi-numu deration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was intendments referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the 'deferred to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and

1 ’ amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Coras

of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the IIcufe thereupon; and also the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amendments, be taken into consideration upon Monday next.

and Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-irN'orce*' of t^ie ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time to be li-

k.i rnlion V ® L. 59.

•, deterred.

mited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to t£ie completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- irjfh Military ing of the Bill to suspend, for a time to be. limited, the for CnSnufpCD" operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of deferred! Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill for render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial,

Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom ordered!*’ to the other; and also from one County to another, in Ireland: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Secretary Tor he, Mr. Carry, Sir John Stuart, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Fourth Report of the BillrefoeAfog Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, which was presented to PreeAgeney, the House upon the 18th day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the regular and speedy Distribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents;

And that Mr. Jervis, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Admiral Markham, and Sir Charles Morice Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the two first of the Refo- Motion for lutions, which, upon the 29th day of February last, were Genen^to reported from the Select Committee appointed to try and srofecute determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Aylef- upe e bury, might be read.

And the fame were read accordingly j and are as followeth t viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, at * the last election for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the " County of Buckingham, Robert 2fe«/, Esquire, was, by

his agents, guilty of bribery."

" Rejfolved, That it appears to this Committee, That " such a notorious system of corruption was formed, and " such instances of individual acts of bribery were committed, previous to the said election, with a view to in-" fluence the fame, as to render it incumbent on the " Committee to submit the same to the most serious consideration of the House, in order that such proceedings * may be instituted thereon, as the House, in its wisdom,

* may think proper to adopt."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said Robert Bent for the said offence;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the day be now read.

And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for Way* and the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means^ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty •,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- d*ferre*» fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Cotttimttee on Act for granting Duties on Tobacco, dcferrtd*

ice. Hoad petitions* sported.

Derby Debtors i'etition.

I.omlon Clergy Bill, committed.

Mild may's Estate Bill reported, and passed.

272

9°—10° Mail A. 1804.

The other Order of the day being redd, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to allowing the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco to come into certain Ports to wait for orders.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

irWTi 1 i »t- M-.wa j- ~ r f - -rag88=r=-aapggggBB - . r: i, isat

and Dame Jane his Wife, to leafo part of the settled Estates in the County of Essex, devised by the late Dame Atine Mildmay, of Moulfham in the said County, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their conient to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee $ and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House j without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir tVilliam do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Jovis, 10* die Mail;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804. Prayers.

LORD George Augustus Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the County of Derby; and also, the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the County of Derby, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Crufo being examined, feid. That the Road leading from Crawford, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, along the Road to in the same County,

is much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be of great benefit and convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Road was made Turnpike, and powers given to amend, widen, turn, alter, improve, and keep in repair the same; and if a power was also given for making a branch of Road, to lead from the said Road up the Valley between the and Jble, by Grange Mill, to or near to Newhaven House, in the Parish of Hartington, in they feid County; and also, for making, amending, and repairing another new Road branching from the said first-mentioned Road near the said Valley, to the Town of Wirksworth aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Market Place in to the Five

Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to havenHouse, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wirksworth, all in the county of : And that Loud George Augustus Henry and Mr. Mundy

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Goal the Castle of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress j and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Rest, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jervispresented to the House, according to Order* fi;ii respefii#

a Bill for better securing the regular and speedy Distribu- PriaeAgtnq tion of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the bufi- pre ness of Prize Agents: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tirtie Upon Tomorrow sevennight, the 18th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Report on th Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the oaoVin* door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Ireland, House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of the Parlia- Prefc"te<J* ment of Ireland,

A Book, intituled, " A Report on the State of the " Gaols of Ireland, for 1803, by the Inspector General of " Prisons."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Sir Williams Leave gives

Wynn, Baronet, one of the Members of the Select Com- s!r w-w-mittee appointed to try and determine the merits of the frwn several Petitions, complaining of an undue eleCHon and the Middle! return for the County of Middlesex, had been summonfed commirtre. to give his attendance, in order to his being examined as a-Witness at a General Court Martial to be holden on Mon- ' day next; and that it was apprehended it would not be in his power to attend the said Committee either on Monday or Tuesday next;

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journals of the House, of the nth day of February 1791, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Leave given to Mr. Pelham to be absent from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several c

Petitions, complaining of an undue election and double return for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the matter so alledged by Sir Watkin Williams Wynn being taken down in writing, he was sworn at the Table to the truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynn have leave to absent himself from his 'attendance on the said Committee on Monday and Tuesday next.

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the said Committee, ac- Le.iv? give* quainted the House, That he was directed by the Com- th.e Committee (in case the House should give leave to Sir Watkin adjourn" Williams Wynn to be absent on Monday and Tuesday next) to move the House, that they might have leave to adjourn,

at the riling of the Committee on Saturday, until Wed- >,

nesday next, at Ten of the clock.

And Lord Viscount Marsham moved the House ac- '

cordingly. .<

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Mr. Secretary Yorke acquainted the House, That he had k; whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed by His for enabling Sir Henry Pavdel St. John Mildmay, Baronet, Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it

4 ‘ w-s

j Cambridge tJniverfity Writ.

44 Geo. III. ion—11"-

was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth;

GEbkGE R.

His Majesty having taken irito I-lis Royal consideration the circumstances which attended the death of that excellent and upright Magistrate, Arthur Lord Viscount Kil-warden, late Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, recommends it to His faithful Commons to considerof enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity of Twelve Hundred Pounds for the better sup: port of the Viscountess Kilwardenthe Widow of the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, and for securing and extending the fame in such manner as shall be thought most effectual for the' benefit of the Family of the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilivarden.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s laid most Gracious Message into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable William Pitt, who, since his election for the said University, hath accepted the offices of First Commissioner for executing the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer. -

Irish Public The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve

Account*Bill, jn(Q a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill

for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament;

; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next,

i resolve itself into the said Committee.

Motion for The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, laying before upon the 7th day of March last, were reported from the the Minute* Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the of the merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue

z\e8Am election and return for the Borough of Ilchester, might

Committee, be read.

(N«gO And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Committee be laid before this House;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the day being read;

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fJwfoTfn consider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of

Tobac<-o, His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco

*fermL and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to allowing the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco to come into certain Ports to wait for orders.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Veneris, 11° Mali;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP" Regis, 18 04.

42° Mam 273

of Samuel Mitchell, Joft ah Abraham, William and

several other Persons, whose names are thereunto lublcribed; and also, of the Petition of J Childs, of Lift card, in the County of Cornwall, Gentleman; and also, of the Petition of the Honourable William Eliot, 'John John

Eliot, Richard Taunton, M. D. and several other Burgefi'es of the Borough of Lijkeard, respecting the right of election, for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver in to the Clerk of the said Committee, Staterhents, in writing, of the right of election for which they respectively contended:

That, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the Petitioners Samuel Mitchell, JoJiah Abraham, William IVallish, arid others; and also, for the Petitioner Joseph Childs, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the right of election for the Borough of " in the County of Cornwall, is in the Inhabitants of the " Borough bf Lijkeard, paying, or liable to pay, foot " and lot

That the counsel for the Petitleners, the Honourable William Eliot, John Carthew, John Eliot, Richard Taunton, M. D. and others, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

* That the right of election for the Borough oT Lijkeard,

" in the County of Cornwall, is in the Mayor and Bur-" geffes of the said Borough

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the first-mentioned Petitioners, the said Committee have determined.

That the right of election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the right of election for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Corn.... And also, that the said Committee have determined, . That the right of election for. the said Borough of Lijkeard,is not in the Inhabitants, Householdefs, reliant: That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the last mentioned Petitioners, the said Committee have determined,

That the right of election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the right of election for the said Borough of Lijkeard.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then a Member being sworn;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and ninety-seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock, in the Afternoon.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into consideration die Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, foverally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tommorrow, at half an hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Praters.

LHkeanJ 'T'HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the EieQion— X Petition of William HuJkiJJ'on, of Eartham, in the CfCounty of Sufex, Esquire, respecting the last return of a liflbn* * Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, Petition, jn t^e County of Cornwall, being come; adjourned. Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the

places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

• And being returned;

Lifceard Mr. Windham, from the Select Committee, who were

!ifaio°n appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition determined. VOL. 59*

Sabbati, 12° die Matt;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Pr AYER S.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of William Hujkijfon, of Eartham, in the County of Sufex, Esquire, respecting the last Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, being come; -

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Mcmbeis on the business of the House.

4 A And

Liskeard Election— Consideration of Petitions* adjourned.

Liflceard

Election— Consideration of Mr. Unfit: (Ton's Petition, adjourned.

274

12°—14°

A. 1804.

Litkeard

Election—^ Consideration of Petitions adjourned*

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and forty-eight Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, and immediately adjourned the fame till Monday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into confederation the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire; and also the Petition of Samuel MJohn James

Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Monday next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Thanks, which the House of Commons have been pleated to pass upon my conduit as late Governor of Fort Saint George, for my concurrence in promoting the Military operations which, since the commencement of the War, have been attended, in every part of India, with an uninterrupted series of the most signal and splendid Victories.

" In acknowledging the deep sense of gratitude with which I am impressed, for the very high honour conferred upon me by the House, I cannot but feel, at the same time, aif additional satisfaction, from the obliging terms in which the communication has been made to me.

" I have the honour to be,

* With the greatest respect and consideration,

"Sir,

* Your most obedient " and most humble Servant, The Right honourable The Speaker Clive "

of the House of Commons.

Lifksard Electiort— Mr. HuAtifson’s Petition considered*

Liflceard Election— Consideration of Petitions adjourned*

Lunas, 14° die Maii;

Anno 44* Georgii III. U Regis, 1804. PXAYEftS.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of William Hu/kof Eartham, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, respecting the last Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for tneBorough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and eight Members being present.

The counsel and agents on the part of the Petitioner were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the Declaration, subscribed by Thomas,

Esquire, and delivered in on the 29th day of March, being also read;

The names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of William Burroughs, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioner.

Note.—That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee, And the whole number of forty-nine names being. Complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened; the counsel and agents withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into consideration the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire j and also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the county of;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till To morrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Answer of Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received v>wlofive to from Right honourable Lord Clive, now Earl of Powis, the following Letter, in return to the Thanks of this House, of the 3d day of this instant May.

" Sir, Portland Place, 8th May. 1804.

" 1 have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Letter of the 4th instant, communicating the Vote of

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the JJar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing how the Public Monies, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th January 1803, together with the Monies paid into the lame during the year ending the 5th January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the sums applied to the following heads of Serviceift. Intereston Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, and the sums applicable to its reduction; 2dly, the Interest on Exchequer Bills; 3dly, Issues for purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament, prior to the Union; 4thly, Issues from appropriated Funds for local purposes; 5thly, Civil List Pensions, and other permanent Charges; 6thly, Payments in anticipation of Exchequer Receipts; 7thly, the Ordnance; 8thly, the Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Militia, and Volunteer Corps, for Barracks, for Stan Officers, and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Pay of Public Officer*; specifying also, the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army; 9thly, Miscellaneous Services; and, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Money, applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Ireland, from those which belong to it with Great Britain: And also.

An Account of Incidents, Allowances, Pensions, or Gratuities, of the Stamp Office, from the ift of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802: And also,

An Account of Incidents, Allowances, Pensions, or Gratuities, of the Stamp Office, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803: And also.

An Account of Incidents, Allowances, Pensions, or Gratuities, of the Stamp Office, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804: And also.

An Account of the Particulars of Incidents of the Post Office of Ireland, for three years, ending ift January 1804: And also,

A Statement of the Particulars of the Sums charged under the head of Pensions, Allowances, Gratuities, or Incidents, of the Board of Works in Ireland, for the years since the ift of January 1801; specifying each year, the time when each Charge was incurred, and the Authority under Which it was incurred.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The four last Accounts, and the said Statement, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the first Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ireland—

Accounts

presented.

Public

Expenditure

Incident*, &c. of Sump Office*

D* of Post Office*

Board of

Works.

Jpptndix, (No. 27.)

The House being informed that Mr. Secre- Account of

tary to the Transport Board, attended at the door; he was Hano'veKan*^ called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Army, to their Order, patented.

An Account of the number and tonnage of Transports 3 taken

44 Geo. III.

14° Mali.

275

freLorcU the agreed to

fclkeith feting B3L

Lricester County Ratat :B2L

Dudley, kc. id Bill.

pMdl

lken Ifldo-sure Bill*

The Lords desire the fioufe to communicate

Evidence respecting Aylesbury Election Rill.

Minutes of Irish Currency Committee.

The House will fend an Answer*

New Writ not toiffue for Ayleflwry.

Wendorer

Writ.

taken tip by the Tran (port Board, for the purpose of taking on bOani any part of the Hanoverian Army, and of the Expence attending the fame; alto, an Account of the dates of the first Order to the Board on this occalkm, of the Orders for the failing of the whole, or any part of the said Transports; and of the Orders, if any, for countermanding the fading thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for layinga Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for laic, or vended within the ' Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleanung, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Weft Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Suffolk;without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylef-bury, in the County of Buckingham: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, a copy of the Minutes of the Evidence, which were reported to this House, from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Ireland, as to its Circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

' Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to lb much of the Message from the Lords, as relates to the Evidence upon which this House passed the Bill respecting the Aylesbury Election, and also to the Minutes of the Evidence reported to the House from the Committee on the Irish Currency, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant for the making out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgels, to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Aylesbury, before this day fortnight, the 28th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Buigefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Long, who, since his Vot. 59.

election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Beenifton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elect- Writ* ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Deeralfton, in the County of , in the room

of the Right honourable George Percy, commonly called Lord Lovaine, who, lince his election for the said Borough hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the I*ftwi*»el Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elect- Wnt’ ing of a Buigefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Leftwithiel, in the County Of in the

room of William Dickinson, Esquire, junior, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Haddington Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington j for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County, was read a second time.

Rtfohed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Binning, Mr. WilRam Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, Simonbum in the County of Northumberland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Grey, fcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, who were Report from appointed to consider of so much of the several Petitions CM^rade®a of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, Warwick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were prefen ted to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and to whom the several Accounts and Papers, which have been prefen ted to the House in the present Session of Parliament, respecting Com, Grain, and Malt, were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further COnlideration upon this day fortnight, the 28th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Fofter reported from the Committee, appointed to Report enquire into the State of Ireland as to its Circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between committeeoa that part of the United Kingdom and Great and to Cur-

report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion there- reney‘ upon to the House; and who were empowered to report the Minutes of Evidence taken before them, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred, and had directed him to report an Appendix to the Minutes of the said Evidence to the House; and he read the Report in his place $ and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered,

feriftol

Debtors

Petition*

BiAbrookf,

See.

Inclosure Bill, preftnted.

Liflceard El eft ion— Committee Mr. Huf-kiffon's Petition, appointed.

Keinton Mandefield Inclosure Bill, presented.

JCingfdou

Inclosure Bill, reported.

Eliefmere Railway Bill, reported.

276 14° 1804,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The . laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original*

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of ,whose

names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distreis; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecood time.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned ‘to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced Lift; as follows:

Charles Chaplin, Esquire, Lord Viscount Duttlo, Peter Patten, Esquire, John Scudamore, Esquire, the Right honourable George Rose, Edmund Bastard, Esquire, Henry Howard, Esquire, Manafek Lopes, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, Henry Holland, Esquire, William Odell, Esquire, Robert Holt Leigh, Esquire, Richard , Esquire.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel and agents were again called in; and the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, that the said thirteen Members had chosen the Honourable Charles Hope to serve on the said Committee.

And the names of William Burroughs, Esquire, and the Honourable Charles Hope, were added to the said thirteen Members.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, respecting the last return for the Borough of were sworn by the

Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in Keinton Mandefield, in the County of Somerset:And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Somerset, was committed.

Mr. Dickinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their conient to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellefinere 7

Canal, to make a Railway frorri Ruabon Brook to the mere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at Pontcyfylltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders lor better supplying the j

said Canal with water, was committed; That the Conu mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Rdport do lie Upon' the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for commute; 1 enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and on Limn.*! for making an additional Bason, and. other works and f^cr’per* conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, (or.s, p^rs, with suitable conveniences, in the fame Port; for amend- 411(1 Record>> ing the powers contained in the several Adb relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire,is committed, have Power to fend for

persons, papers, and records.

Mr. John William Ward reported from the Committee, uptnn Br;<jge to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering Road Bin, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 25th report#<1‘ year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of 7irley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from The White Croft, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to th»

River Severn, was committed; and to whom the Petition of certain Commissioners, adifig under an Act, passed in the 19th year of His present Majesty, for amending and supporting the several Roads leading into the Town of Upton-upon-Severn,in the County of Worcester, was re-

ferred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the-House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agieed to by the House.

Ordered, That tfce Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Corporation of The London Assurance Petitjr.m of Houses and Goods from Fire, was presented to the H*nt% House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enabling Borfet*0 His Majesty to incorporate, by a Charter, a Company, to infunnce be called The Hants, Sussex, and Dorset Compary, bhl*0*

for granting Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Insurances against loss or damage by Fire; and setting forth, That the Petitioners must luftain 1

great injury if the fame should pals into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their agents, counsel, and witnesses, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Directors of the Fire Office:

And also,

A Petition of the Directors of the Pelican Life Insurance Office in Lombard-street, London j

Were likewil'e severally presented to the House, and read; also taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the passing of the fame into a Law will prove greatly prejudicial to the Peti- (

tioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themielvcs, their counsel, agents, and

, witnesses.

Carlisle Paving Bill, reported.

, Appleby and Kirby Kendal Road Bill, presented.

Member added to bring in Long Marton kcldure Bill.

Bill J presented.

York Roads Bill, presented.

Yerbek’s N it. Bill reported, and rt-coramitted

44 Geo. III. 14—15°Mail 277

witnesses, against the principle, and against the several clauses of the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by ,themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they thirfk fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passagesand places within the City of Carlisle, in the County of , and the

Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City, was committed.

Mr. James Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from to Market

Brough, all in the County of Westmorland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther, and the humble Petition of. several other Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned.

Mr. James Graham presented to the -House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Mar ton, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accrding to Otder, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the 8th and 29th years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Bank, in

the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Corhmittee

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael Verbek, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that several Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refu/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

Vo L.59.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, fora time to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts delating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; and also the said Amendments; be taken into consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to suspend, for ia time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling 11 is Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England, and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be read the third time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force in as relates to the

completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Batlot, under certain Regulations, be read a second time upon Friday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His M aiefty’s moll Gracious Message, of Thursday last, into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Dufies on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to allowing the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships Jaden with Tobacco to come into certain Ports to wait for orders.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 15° Mali;

Anno 440 Georgii Ul,u Regis, 1804. Prayers*

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and JoJiah Abraham, complaining of an undue

election and return for the Borough of ,in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the Laid Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and twenty-one Members being present,

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petitions into consideration was read.

4 B And

Irish Revenue Bill* deterred.

Ways and

Means

deferred*

Supply,

deferred.

Confederation of Report, on Lords Amendments to Volunteer Bill, deferred.

English and Scotch Military Force Suspension Bill, deferred.

Irish Military Force Sul pension Bill, deferred.

Committee on

King's

Mefkge,

deferred.

Committee

on Act for 'glinting Duties on Tobacco, deferred.

Liskeard

Election

Petitions,

considered#

278

Mali.

A. 1804.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of George Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the whole numher of forty-nine names being com-* plete, Robert Ward, Esquire, was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for Mr. Hufkijjbn.

Note.—That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having tewed on aSeleft Committee.

And lifts of theiorty-nine names being delivered to the Gounfel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

Crimpleftam A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of committed.*0’ *n County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sir

Jacob Henry Act ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Weob in the County of in the room of the Right honourable George Thyme,commonly called Lord George ’Thynne, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

Mr. Calcraft presented to the House, according to inclosurcBill, Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great

printed.

in the County of Essex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Warwick A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County Gaol Debtor* of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; com-Petitton. plaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Kingsdon An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the lnji!"fureBlI,» County of Somerset, was read the third time. pa Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickittfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Weobley

Writ.

Totham

Banff ' A Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the commiued Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen, for building Bridges comm . Over tke River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Saint Andrew A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland Auckland, in the County of Durham, was read a second

'InclosurcBill,

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Consideration The Order of the day being read, for the House to reef Petitions solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Irdh LhKiIhe fider of the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, Trade, and others, concerned in the lrish Linen Trade; and also,

deterred. of t|ie potion of the Linen Merchants of the Towns and

Neighbourhood of Befaft and Lijburn;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow sevennight, the 23d day of this instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Papers respecting the I lie of Man, presented.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Petition or Representation of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ranfay, in the lfle of Man, delivered to the Commissioners of Enquiry in the year 1791; inclosing, \

A Plan of Ramsay Harbour, with the intended I^ew Quay, &c.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.1 The said Papers are preteived amongil the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 35th Bjllrefpcft. year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual preven- of

tion of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly Liquors in liccnled, might be read. ^deled'1’

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of His said Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice, on Probates of Wills, on certain Indentures, Lcales, Bonds, or other Deeds, and on Ale Licences, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given -to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing the Sale-of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail: And that Mr. Robert Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftiie his warrant to the Wl'ton Wnti Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for theelefting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of in the room of

John Spencer, Esquire, who, lince his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Receiver General of the Land Tax in the County of Oxford.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Bill forappr«. ing to Order, a Bill to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, Offenders escaping from one part of preicnted. the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months alter the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Britain-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while dilemboclied; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in tire Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Mtflengers withdrew.

The Lord* have agreed tf

Bill for railing; * bum by Annuities,

Irirtt Annuities Bill*

Wine Duties Bill.

Militia Subalterns Bill.

Wore ester and Birmincbaiu Canal Bill.

Haddircoe Lnciului'c ClB

The House being informed that Mr. Poole, from the Abstraftof office of one of llis Majesty’s principal Secretaries of pouted!* 6 State,

44 Geo. III.

15"—16° Mail

27 9

Corrtrfpon-Jtnce relating to Puor Returns, triteied.

Minute* of

AyUlbuiy

Election Committee, sent to the lords.

State,attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pretented to the House, purtUant to their Older,

An Afftraft of the Returns made pursuant to an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled,

* An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence " and Maintenance of the Poor in England," in so far as such Returns have been transmitted to His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, up to the 9th day of May 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said A bi t raft do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said A b ft raft be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of any Communication or Correspondence which may have taken place between the Office of His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the' Cieik of the Peace for the Eart Riding of the County of York, concerning the Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor, under the Act of the 43d of His present Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into consideration that part of the Message from the Lords of yesterday, which requests, that this House would communicate to their Lord-ftiips the Evidence upon which this House passed the Bill rcipecVing the Aylesbury c\ed(\on.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a printed copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Se-left Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits otthe Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Aylesbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the same to the Lords.

Minutes of The House proceeded to take into consideration that

Irii'hCurrency part of the Message from the Lords of yesterday, which re-fcm ro the'* quells, that this House would communicate to their Lord-J^rdi. thins, a copy of the Minutes of the Evidence which were re|>orted to the House, from the Committee on the Irish currency1.

1 Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a

printed copy of the said Minutes.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the same to the Lords.

Icrr!

lynevor’*

! E'tate Bill, reported, iudpoUcd.

Ufction

JoruiTiitree

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable George Talbot Lord Dynevor, and other Persons claiming under the will of the late Right honourable Cecil Baronels Dynevor, to grant building leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being part of the Estates devised by the said will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Pufdved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The counleland agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Right honourable Charles Torhe, Jeffery s Allen, FJquire, Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, Nicholas Vansittart, Inquire, TPiliUun Lends Hughes, Esquire, Sir James Graham, Baronet, Hugh Lescester, Esquire, John Pattefon, K'quire, James Brodie, Esquire, Sir Henry Paulet St. John Ma'dmay. Baronet, flm/ham Adams, Esquire, John Berkley \ol. 59.

Bnrland, Esquire, Arthur Howe Holdsworth, Esquire, George Jolmstone, Esquire, Robert Ward, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Lijkeard, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the uiual manner.’

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted eledlionS.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow * Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercuriiy 16* die Maii;

Anno 44® Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1 804.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also em- . powering His Royal Highness the Prince of their

Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sitffex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hawkesbury, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of Fourteen millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities:

An Act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the service of Ireland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain:

An Act to revive and continue, until the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies 1 therein.

An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while

disembodied:

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of His present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the Turns to be paid by Persons compounding for the performance of Statute Duty: 1

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation; and for amending the several Acts passed fwr making the said Canal Navigation:

An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts,

passed

Liflceard

Election

determined.

Further Report of Ni.jiutes

280

16" Mail.

A. 1804

passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, orone-sixth part of a Penny sterling, on every Scots pint of Ale or Beer brewed for sale, or Vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new public Market therein:

An Act for altering and enlarging the term and powers of an Act, made in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the fi India Docks, in the Ijleof Dogs, in the county of;

and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Hoad from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near in the County of Brecon; and for.more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate

leading to Gartbbrengy Common, in the said County:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of and to Whitney

Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford:

An Act for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick:

I An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in fee simple, certain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the forty-first year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John " Henry Maw, of Warmsworth,in the County of York, " Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the " clear monies thence arising, under the direction of the " Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other Estates, to be icttled in lieu thereof, and to the lame ul'esand for, by the present Act, settling a fee simple Estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned Estates.

An Act for enabling Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to lease part of the settled Estates in the County of Essex, devised by the late Dame Anne Mildmay, of Moulsham Hall, in the said

County:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoc, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waborne, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iken, in the County of Suffolk.

Mr. Charles Yorke,from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Mitchell, John Sargent, James Roberts, John Davis, and Josiah Abraham, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That William HuJkiJJon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to lerve in this present Parliament for tire laid Borough: And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

M:\ Fofierreported from the Committee, appointed to

enquire into the State of Ireland as to its Circulating Paper,

its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain, and to report the fame, with their Obfei-vations and Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were empowered tore-port the Minutes of Evidence taken before them, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Evidence to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed copy is with the original.

from Com- I mittec on Ini , Currency.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- presented. ’ tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Clover Seed exported from, and imported into, Scotland,during the seven years ended the 5th January 1804; distinguishing the Amount in each year, and the Ports from which imported or exported; with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account of Malt charged with Duty Accounts in Ireland', and also, the Accounts of the Consolidated Ireland to Fund, the Public Funded Debt, the Unfunded Debt, beprinted. and the Public Expenditure of Ireland, for the year ended 5th January 1804, which were presented to the House upon the 25th day of April lull, and the 9th and 14th days of this instant May, by Mr. Jbe printed for the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Milford, Account of from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at ^aI^"sand the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to (Scotch the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Par- Excise) liament, Prelented*

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1SC4, from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, tr.om the 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and for what colledlions, and in what capacity they are, or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amounts and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this SeffioD.

The House being informed that Mr. Poole, from the Correfpsn-; office of one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Stare, deuce rcUtinj attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Returns presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

A Statement of the Communication and Correspond- -ence which have taken place between the office of His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department and the Clerk of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, concerning the Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor, under ti e Ait of the 43d of His present Majesty; together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to G1:,?0'T whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing- the BHd<*c Rrad;, 4 A cl &c. Petition,

reported.

Kfelip Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition against Tot ham Inclosure Bill.

Deptford Paving Bill, commuted.

Spork and Palgrave Inclosure Bill «ported.

44 Geo. III. 1

281

Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examinec^and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame*, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act; passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, and coulolidating into one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from to Rediurn Bridge,

and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned, was read: And,

Henry G/afford, Esquire, being examined* said. That the

powers and provisions of the said Act have been found to be in several respects defective and insufficient, and that the Roads in the said Act mentioned cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, and the money, now due and owing on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted be repaid, unless the powers and provisions of the said Act are explained and amended, and the term thereof enlarged.—And,

The Witness being further examined, said. That it is expedient that the powers contained in the said Act should be repealed, and new powers granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the term, and

conl'olidating into one Act, several Acts relating to the * Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making ■* and repairing the Road therein mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the ft id Roads: And that Mr. Boyd Alexander and Mr. George Baillie do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ruijlip, otherwise Rif clip, in the County of ,was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hilliard, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons, having Right of Common, and other Rights, on a certain tract of Waste, or Common,

called Tip!re Heath, in the County of EJpx, was presented to the.House, and read; setting torth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing so much of the said Waste, or Common, as lies in the Parish of Great Totham, in the said County •, and that an Inclosure

of such part thereof will be an infringement of the Rights of the Petitioners, and prejudicial to their Interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent-, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt, Sir William Geary, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Jacob Henry Afiley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sporle, ’ and Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

Vol. 59.

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- . mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 15, who refused tofign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 7. 10s. who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 1,835. *9;

and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments', in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered\That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in<i grossed.

Mr. Rose, from the Select Committee, who were ap- Liflcetrd pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Hujkiffon,of Eartham, in the County of Sussex, Ef- Petition)

quire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in determined. Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That William Hujkiffon, Esquire, only, ought to have been returned a Burgels to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And the said determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Return to b$ tend this House Tommorrow, with the double return for amended, the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, and amend the fame, by taking off the file the Indenture by which Thomas Sheridan, Esquire, is returned.

Mr. Rose also acquainted the House, That the said Report Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had di- co^dtftof^ rested him to report to the House; and he read the the Undee Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Sheriff. Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; is and as followed*; viz.

" Resolved, That lyir. John Dayman, Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, in annexing to the Writ the Inden-" ture complained of in the said Petition of William " Esquire, acted contrary to his duty, and in violation of " the Privileges of Parliament."

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation upon this day Fortnight, the 30th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Minutes said Committee be laid before this House. ordered.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, ac- Shaddingfield cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing Shaddingfield Com- p^rented.2111’ mon, in the County of Suffolk: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Hereford and larging the powers,of an Act, of the 22d year of His pre- R^ds'gjn, font Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the committed. Willerjley Turnpike Road, near Patton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton,

Sir George Ccrnewall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Westminster solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon i^uTem, the Bill to amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th deferred, years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day sevennight, resolve itself into thfe said Committee,

4C Mr.

D . ized by t

282

16"—17° Mail A. 1804.

petition . Mr. Cud reported from the Committee, to tvliom the Carib11"8 Petition of the Yloft honourable James Marquis of Sa/if-Iacioiure htry, and of the Right honourable Brownlozv Lord -

reported; /ozv> was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared tp them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr* Sarnie/ Edwards being examined, said. That there are within of adjoining to the Parish of in the said County of Lincoln, and the Parish of in the County of

Rutland, certain Fields called The Intercommon Fields; which belong to the Petitioners and several other Proprietors of Land; and such part of them as belong to the Carlby Proprietors, are claimed by them to be within the Manor and Parish of Carlby. and such parts thereof as belong to the Marquis of Salisbury, are claimed by him to be ' within the Manor and Parish of Ejfendine; and that, as the *' several properties in the said Intercommon Fields lie inter-

mixed and dispersed in small parcels, it would be a great convenience to all parties interested, if provision were made for allotting to the Carlby Proprietors such parts of the said Fieldsas will be an equivalent for their Lands and Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over the lame, and if the parts lo allotted were declared to be within the Manor and Parish of Carlby, and to be part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed; and if the residue of the said Intercommon Fields were declared to be within the Manor and Parish of Ejfendine, and . to be the Freehold of the Marquis of Salisbury.

Jnltruftioiu Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon, or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within or adjoining to the same Parish, is committed; That ». they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for al-

lotting to the Carlby Proprietors such parts of the said Fields as will be an equivalent for their Rights in the lame, and for declaring the parts so allotted to be within the Manor arid Parish of Carlby, and to be part of the Lands intended to be inclosed by the said Bill; and for declaring the residue of the said Intercommon Fields to be within the Manor and Parish of Ejfendine., in the County of Rutland.

Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed, Liquors in and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable'Liquors by retail: And the lame was received; *>rc en e and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill for reading of the Bill to render more cafy the apprehending, ^1>|jen<5ine and bringing to trial, Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition from others, concerned in the Linen Trade of the County of reeding the Cavan, was presented to the House, and read; letting irish Linen, forth. That the Petitioners have observed with concern Trade* that a Duty has been lately laid on the Export of Iri/k Linen Cloth from Great Britain and Ireland to all Foreign Countries; and that the direct tendency of this Duty goes to discourage the Linen Export of this Country to Foreign Markets, and to afford of course a proportionate encouragement to the Linens of other Countries; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Irijk Linen Trade; and also, of the Petition of the Linen Merchants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Belfast and Lijburn.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to irish Public resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^C,°drferced. the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Medway*1'1 the 2d day of this instant May, was made from the Com-Canai Bill, mittee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of furtr!|r a Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the com ere . jjne Gf the said Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration.

And the House being informed that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door, to the Members of this House, upon the 3d day of this instant May, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

gross'ed.

the L'K'"* ^r’ Robert Fundas presented to the House, according

LxcikaWe to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the sale of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Sutherland Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt* electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire, of Sutherland, in the room of the Right honourable William Dundas, who, since his election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow ' Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 17° die

Anno 44 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Li&eard to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of - Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, by taking off the amen file the Indenture by which Thomas , Esquire, is

returned.

A Petition of several Navy and Prize Agents, on behalf Petition of themselves, and all other the Navy and Prize Agents within the United Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for better securing the regular and speedy Distribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents; and fitting forth. That if the fame should pais into a Law, it will be injurious to their Property, Rights, and Interests: And c therefore

44 Geo. III. 17° Mali.

therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their count'd, agents, and witnclTes, against the said Bill*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a fecorid time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Thames and An ingossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprie-cVilu Bill t°rs of the 'Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of

pilled. U ’ the said Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for

completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal* and a collateral Cut thereto, was read the thitd time.

RefJvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sporle and An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palgrave Sporle, and Hamlet of , in the County of

Jnciolure Bill, J , J

paiied. folk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sporle, and Hamlet of Paigrave, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That, Sir Jacob Henry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1 '

Attornies, &c* The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 37th

iiu'wiicred. year ^ls present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty * cr certain Stamp Duties on the several matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain ', might " be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to in-, demnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have ne-

I glefted to enter Certificates within the time limited by the said Act, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Robert Ward do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

*omfey Mr. Kingston reported from the Committee, to whom

iepirted!B*11’ *^e Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton, was committed;

(That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 28 acres 2 roods and 30 perches of Open Field Land, and of 39 acres 1 rood and 33 perches of old Inclosure, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the property concerned.in the said Inclosure consists of 2 94 acres and 6 perches of Open Field ' Land, and 2,580 acres 1 rood and 19 perches of old In-

closure; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them wasdifagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Vox.. 59-

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, and of several other Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Saltney, in the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was referred.

• Mr. Egerton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 26th year of his late Majesty, for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynne, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor; and for explaining and amending three several Acts of the 6th, 14th, and 17th years of His present Majesty, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River; and also, another Act, passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and preserving a certain Common, or parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Saltney March, within the said Manor and Parish, were read: And,

Mr. James Boydell being examined, said, That it is expedient that the money already laid out and expended, according to the directions of the said Acts, as well as all other charges and expences that may hereafter reasonably be incurred, or occasioned by or in consequence of repairing, maintaining, and keeping’ in repair, the several Embankments and other Works which lie on the South fide of the Channel of the said River Dee; and in erecting, making, and keeping in repair, such other Embankments, Sluices, Works, and Fences, as shall from time to time be found sufficient to prevent injury or damage being done to the said Allotments within the Township of Saltney aforesaid, should be reimbursed and defrayed from time to time, as the same shall be incurred, by the several Proprietors of, or Persons entitled to, the Tame Allotments, rateably and in proportion to their respective Estates therein.—And the witness added. That the said Act, passed in the t8th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is in other respects defective, and the powers thereof require to be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other Works oh the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and Works, to prevent injury being done to the Allotments of Land, made by virtue of an Act passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Township of Saltney, in the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the application for the said Bill; and setting forth, That there are within the Township of Manor and Rake, which adjoins the Township of Saltney, certain Lands and Grounds called The Cops, which are under the fame level, and liable to be injured in the same manner, as the Lands in the Township of and it is

expedient that the fame should be subject and liable to the powers and provisions of the said intended Bill; and also, that the Tythes of the said Allotments or parcels of Land

in

1

Northampton

Debtors

Petition.

Dee Embankment Petition, reported.

Additional Petition for Dee Embankment.

The Lords have agreed to

Ouilom* Duties Bill.

Wetherby and Knaref-borough Xoad m.

The Lords have passed Cureton’s Estate Bill*

Accounts respecting the Isle of Man, ordered.

Bill respefHng the Sale of Excileable Liquors in Scotland* committed.

Bridgham Inclosure Bill, jxp9rted.

284 17°—18° Mali. A. 1804.

in Saltney should be rated and taxed for the purposes of the said Bill: And therefore praying, That proviGon may be made in the said Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Message from the Lords by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

, Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the prtfent War, and for Gx months after the expiration thereof, by the ratift-cation of a DeGnitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knarejborougkin the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the will of Thomas Cureton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his Ion, for the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the purchase of an Estate called The in the same County; to which the Lords deftre the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Harbour Dues levied in the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the Harbour Dues collected at the respective Ports of Derby , Douglas, Peele, and

Ramsay, and distinguishing the Amount in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure by the Commissioners of Harbours of the sums so collected, from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the Amount in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the produce of the Herring Customs and Bay Fishings, from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the Amount in each year.

A Bill for more effectually preventing the sale of Ex-cifeable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by retail, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for incloGng Lands in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom Shuttington

the Bill for incloGng Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the Kp° County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, \Pf die Mati;

Anno 44* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804.

Pa a Tins.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis , Gentleman Rom] Aflat

Usher of the Black Rod: Jtau.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by. both Houses, do deftre the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the deGre of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and one Private Bill, therein-mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Dartmouth, and the Lord Hawkesbury, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for ftx months after the expiration thereof, by the ratiftcation of a DeGnitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain:

An Act for continuing the term of an Act, passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York:

An Act to enable the Right honourable George Talbot,

Lord Dynevor, and other Persons, claiming under the will of the late Right honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building leases of certain Lands in the Parish of

44 Geo. III.

285

Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being part of the Estates deviled by the said will.

frfcrket Sir Edmund Cradcck Hartopp reported from the Committce, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for exenon reported. cuting two Acts, passed in the 28th year of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report%in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A efts were read: And,

Mr. Richard IVorthington being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed several cpnliderabie sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and feme of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, of the 0-Stli year of King George the Second, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborouglt/m the County of Leicester, to the ‘ City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir

- Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare,

; v and bring in, the fame.

1 Member Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentlemen, bring in who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for Cromford, amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road _ dB:n leading from the Market place in , to the Five

°* 1 Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Moor, and for

setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange to New-haven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of IVirksworth, all in the County of Derby.

lill,presented. Mr. Baldzvin presented to the House, according to Order, i the said Bill; And the fame was received; and read the

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bridgliam A Motion being made, That the ingossed Bill, for I 1^i'^ureBl11, inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County

p of Norfolk, be now read the third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the Houie, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Lid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Aftley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Dee Embank- Mr. Egerion presented to the House, according to Order, roent Bill, a for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other Works on. the South fide of the Channel'of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Ha-warden, in the County of Flint, and for creeling, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and Works to prevent injury being done to the Allotments of Land, made, by virtue of an" Act passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called ney Marsh: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday sevennight, the 28th day of this instant May.

Mr. Egerion reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ieveral Owners of Estates in the Township of Saltney, in the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had not been complied with, by reason that at the time notice was given, in the month of September last, of the intended application to Parliament, there existed no reasonable expectation that either the Tythes of the Sallney Allotments, or the Lands called The Cops, would be included in the provisions of the Bill; but it having been since required, by some of the Proprietors of the Saltney Allotments, that both the Tythes, and the Estate called The Cops, should be assessed with the other Lands, such alteration hath been agreed to by the Rector, and by Sir Stephen Richard , the foie Owner of the said Lands called The Cops-, and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Boydell, being examined, said, That there are within the Township of Manor and Rake, which adjoins the Township of Saltney, certain Lands and Grounds called The Cops, which are under the fame level, and liable to be injured in the same manner, as the Lands in the Township of Saltney; and that it is expedient that the fame should be subject and liable to the powers and provisions of a Bill ordered in for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the Embankments, and other works, on the South fide of the Channel of the river Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawardine, in the County of Flint; and also, that the Tythes of the Allotments or parcels of Land in,

should be rated and taxed, for the purposes of the said Bill.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given on the door of the Parish Church of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, for three Sundays in the present month of May, and in the month of June next, that provision will be made in a Bill now depending in the House, for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dec, within the Manor and Pari Hi of Hawardett, in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works, to prevent injury being done to the Allotments of Land made, by virtue of an Act passed in the i8ch year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, for rating and taxing certain Lands and Grounds situate in the Township of Manor and Rake, the sole property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, called The Cops, according to the value thereof, in the fame proportion and manner, as near as may be, as the said Allotments are intended to be rated and taxed; and for rating and taxing the Tythes arising from the said Allotments.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Galway, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Trench, commonly called Lord Viscount Dunlo, who, since his election for the said County, bath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a salary annexed to the said office.

Attorn ies, &c. Indemnity Bill, presented.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the to Order, a Bill to indemnify Solicitors^ Attornies, and Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect-Vot. 59. |D inS

Additional Petition for Dec Embankment, reported.

Leave fop Notices.

Galway Writ#

Christchurch

Writ,

• t

28 6

18" Mali

A, 1804.

ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parltament, for the Borough of Christchurch-, in the County of in the room of the Right honourable George Rose, who, frnce his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

fetitio® A Petition of Robert , junior, of 5 one of

against the Freeholders of the County of , and a Trustee

Roads^uT for the Turnpike Roads in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for altering, amending, and consoliaating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington j for amending other Roads branching therefrom i and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County; and setting forth. That the Petitioner is deeply interested in the several matters proposed by the said Bill to be carried into effect, and greatly ' aggrieved by several of the Clauses therein: And therefore

praying. That he may be heard, by counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Francis Burton, Lord Francis Almaric , and Mr. John Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifi'ue his warrant to the HelWou Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elect- Writing of e Btjrgefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hdtjion, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable James Edward Harris, commonly called Lord Vifcotfnt Fi/zharris, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners lor executing the office of Trca-surer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the House Adjournment, this day, adjourn till Wednesday next.

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Selecft Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middlesex, informed the House, That he

was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they might have leave to adjourn, from the rising of the Committee, Tommorrow, until Wednesday next, on acx count of the Whitsun-Holidays; such adjournment being with the consent of all parties, and no additional expence being incurred thereby.

And Lord Viscount Marsham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

P eport from

Midd!e;cx

Election

Committee,

for Leave to

adjourn®

Bill respeaing Mr. John Hiley Addington presented to the House, accord-

Cotton ing to Order* a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th preIcnKd!*re' anc* 4ot^ year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act '* for settling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called England:" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Woodstock Mr. Francis Burton reported from the Committee, to ton Road*"2* ^ie Petition of several Trustees for executing the

Petition, Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the reported. Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been < complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 3d, 24th, and 31ft years of his late Majesty, and in the 24th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Woodstock through dington and Enstone to Rollright Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge, to Kidding ton aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, were read: And,

Mr. George Bulley being examined, laid. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, a great part whereof still remains due; and that it is expedient that all the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted instead thereof, in one Act; and that if the Road leading from the upper end of Blackball Lane, through the Borough of New Woodstock, into a Lane called Lane, to join the Great Road leading from Banbury to Oxford, at a place near a house called Sturdey's , and situate between Shipton Brook and Sturdey's Castle, in the said County, were made Turnpike, and included in the said intended Act, it would be a great convenience and advantage to the neighbourhood, and of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from fVoodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford r And that Mr.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in Keinton Mandefeld, in the Keinton County of Somerset, was read a second time. MandeficM

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William committed. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Biirrefpeaing of the Bill, for better securing the regular and speedy Dil- ^ferretf60^’ tribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th day of this instant May.

The House was moved, That several Acts, made in the Bill to regu- . 42d year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Spence of Parliament, relating to the Militia in Scotland, to the ad- Militia, &c. ditional Military Force, land to the Defence and Security "d of the Realm, might be read. ordered/ :i

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Expence of carrying into execution, in , \

several Acts relating to the Militia, the additional Military Force, and the Defence and Security of the Realm: And that Mr. Robert Dundas and Mr. Hujkifjon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fI',r[hendin|S the Bill to render more easy the apprehending, and bring- offender*, ing to trial. Offenders elcaping from one part of the United Kingdom ,to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; I

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may 1

have leave to fit again. j1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commit resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Biiireipwii the Bill for more effectually preventing the ialeof Exciseabie ExtSe,

7 Liquors i.isuor» \a

44 Geo. III. 18° Mail

28T

.ccountm relating to Corn, See. ordered*

Account of

Drawback

allowed to

Brewer*

withdrawn,

and another

ordered.

Irish Revenue Bill deferred.

•Liquors in Scotland,by Persons not duly licensed, and for

altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by retail, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itfelrinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Corn and Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into, England and Scotland, for twenty-one years, from the 5th of January 1770, to the 5th of January 1791, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon; together with the average Price of Corn in in each

year; distinguishing each species in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the quantities of Corn and Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into, England and Scotland, for thirteen years, from the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1804, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon; together with the average Price of Corn in England in each year; distinguishing each species in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Corn and Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into, England and Scotland, from the 5th of January 1804, to the latelL period to which the lame can be made up, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon; together with the average Price of Corn in England in that period; distinguishing each species.

Notice being taken, That the Account of the Drawback allowed to Common Brewers, under the Act of 42 Geo. 111. cap. 38. left. 4. distinguishing each year, and each quarter, which was presented to the House, upon the 3d day of this instant May, was incomplete;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a proper Account presented instead thereof.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seveo-night, the 28th day of this instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

, Way* and The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-M"* fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply, The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-

deterred. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.'

Consideradon The Order of the day being read, for taking into con-on LoS? ^deration the Report from the Committee, to whom it Amendments was referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the Volunteer Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and * erre amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; and also the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Report, and the said Amend-Vql. 59.

ments, be taken into confidCration upon Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 30th day of this instant May.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited^ the operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Forde in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein,by Ballot, under certain Regulations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the'30th day of this instant May.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Message, of the 10th day of this instant May, into confederation;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to allowing the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco, to come into certain Ports to wait for Orders;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee..

Ordered, That Mr. Robert JVard do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North Road, by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County, was committed.

Mr. Robert Ward accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Holt Leigh presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Minutes of the Proceedings of the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Hufkijfon, of in the County of Sussex, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to

serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Minutes are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the 8th and 29th years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of Xork, was read a second time.

Resolved,

1

Engfifti and Scotch Military Force &ulbeiilion Bill, deterred*

Irish Military

Force Suspe*-fion Bill, deterred.

Committee om King* Message* deterred.

Comriutte* on Act for granting Duties on Tobacco, deferred.

Granthnitl Ro4d Bill, reported.

Minute* of

Committee on

Lilkeard

Election fMr.

HulkitToir*

Petition)

presented*

York Roads Bill, committed.

Dnyn;>pointed for Second Rending of Tot ham Inclosure Bill.

Slmttington

Inclosure Bill,

pufled.

Oureton’s Mate Bill, read.

Appleby and i^irby Kendal Road Bill, committed.

Long Marton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Carlisle Raving Bill, palfed.

Atlliy

Incloiiire Bill, committed.

A ft wick Inclolitre Bill, committed.

288 18°—23° Mail 1804.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafcelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Tot ham ,in the County of Essex, be read a second time upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th day of this instant May.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington,in the Parish of in the County of Warwick,was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 15. 1. 10. After " inclosed," to insert " or other;"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington, in the Parish of in the County of

Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his son, for the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 226 years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in

the County of Westmorland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. James Lozuther,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marton, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. James Lozvther, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the City of Car Idle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City, be now read the third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Jaynes Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, was read a second time.

RefAved. That the * Bill be committed to Mr. Ofbont, Mr. St. Andrew St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Bedford, was read a second time.

6

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. St. Andrezv St. John, &c.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Purdue, from the Account < f Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,presented to the House, pursuant Common to their Order,

An Account of the Drawback allowed to Common pre tmc Brewers under the Act of 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. fest. 4.; distinguishing each year, and each quarter.

Together with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House;

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Treasurer to Account*

"The Veterinary College, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to ^ILnted.0^ their Order,

Accounts of the Grants made by Parliament in Aid of The Veterinary College, from 1795 to 1803, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary College, for the years ending 2 2d February 1802,

1803, and 1804: And also,

Accounts of The Debts of The Veterinary College, for the years ending the 22d February 1802, 1803, and 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 48.)

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Mcrcurii, 23° die

Anno 440 Georgii III"1 Regis; 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom Sw.msex the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable c.uui, Ac. Canal, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of , ,rep0‘ ' Swaufea, into the Parish- of Oyjlermouth,in the County of Glamorgan, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Swaufea Canal-Navigation; and, also, the Petition of several Owners of Wharfs, Quays, Docks, Houses, and other property in Szvanfea, or concerned in Trade there, or Persons having lent money for the pu'pose of improving the Harbour of Swaufea; and also, the Petition ot John Nathaniel Miers, Samuel Fot her gill Let (font, John Wade, and John Ryland Mander, Owners of certain Tin Works at

Ynlfpenllwch, in the Parish of Langzvelin the County of Glamorgan, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the first and last mentioned Petitions, and had considered the second mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have afiented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cureton’s enabling the Executors and Trustees of the will of Thomas Krtate Bill, Cureton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Agree- cumi"iucJ' ments entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his son, for the sale of ail Estate called Pradoe, in the County of , and for the purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County, was read a second time.

Pefolved,

44 Geo. III.

23° Mail

289

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Robert Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Market Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House,

Road°Biiieh accor<^'ng to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter presented.' and enlarge the powers of two Acts, of the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market bor ough, in the County of , to the City of,

in the County of Warwick: And the fame was received j and read the first. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

chantey Mr. George Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to

re'^rtoS!8'11* whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Chamey, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been 1 complied with; and that the Committee had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and.afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

fierby and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the wide???6* Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for RoadPeurion, executing two Acts, passed in the 32d year of his late reported. Majesty, and the 3d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle-mder-Lyme, in the County of Staffordyand also the Road from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh,

' in the Village of Shelton, in the County of , was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Nathaniel Edwards being examined, said, That it has been found the said Acts expired at the end of the last Session: That the Trustees for executing the First District of Road, which leads from Derby to Uttoxeter, have borrowed several considerable l'ums of money on the credit of the Tolls within the said District, and that the same cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road amended, and kept in repair, unless the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be revived and continued for a further term; and that it will be necessary that the powers thereof should be altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, pallid in the 32d year of his late Majesty, and in the 3d year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of in the County of Stafford:And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland-* The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the pre&nted. °®ce the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the

door he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Suiting Three several Accounts (under the heads of Excise,

Dutie*‘ Hearth Money, and Stamps) of the Existing Duties payable Vojl. 59.

on the 6th day of March last on the several articles contained in the Resolutions, reported on the 3d day of March last, from the Committee of the whole 'House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts relating to the Trade and Revenue of Ireland, and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House; specifying each article, and the several Acts under which the fame were payable, and the Amount payable under each Act: And also,

A Statement of the Particulars of the Sums charged under the head of Pensions, Allowances, Gratuities, and Incidents of the Barrack Department in , for the

years since the ift January i8ot; specifying each year, the time when each Charge was incurred, and the Authority under which it was incurred: And also,

-An Account of all Monies paid by the Treasury of Ireland to Officers, or other Persons, for Public Service in Great Britain, since ift January 1801; specifying the date and mode of each Payment, and in what item of the ilfues of the Treasury they are included.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Statement do lie upon the Table.

The three first Accounts, and the said Statement, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the last Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South end of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South end of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge , in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir William Earle Welby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Midd/efex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Frederick Booth being examined, said, That the Churchyards of the said Parish are now so full, that there is not fufli-cient room therein for the interment of the Parishioners; that there is not any proper place within the said Parish that can be appropriated for that purpose; and it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a proper piece of ground was provided in a convenient situation in some near or adjoining Parish, to be made ule of as a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and a Chapel erected for performing the Burial Service therein; and that the Petitioners apprehend it may be found expedient to have the c.onstant attendance of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the dead, in which case it will be necessary to erect a proper House for his residence, at or near the said Burial Ground.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Byng and Sir Francis Burdett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Boyd Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the term, and consolidating into one Act, several 4 E " Acts

Barrack

Department.

Monies paid to Public Officers.

Appendix.

(No. 49;)

Grantbam Road Bill* paired.

St Martin’*

Burial

Ground

Petition,

reported*

Glasgow and Redburn Bridge Roads Bill, preunted.

Die' ized by t

290'

23" Mail.

A. 1804

" Acts relating to the Road from to Redburn

" Bridge, and Tor making and repairing the Road therein " mentioned and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That die Bill be read a second time.

the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door, to the Members of this House, upon the 15th day of this instant May, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The Lords have agreed to

Radnor and Hereford Roads Bill.

Bill to amend Kirkheaton inclostire A&, with Amendments.

South\«irk

Paving

Petition,

reported.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Re-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Harvey: port into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Act;-, passed in the seventh and twenty-fourth years of H is present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned; and also, for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads, in the said County of Radnor-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

A Petition of the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Petition Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was presented and* to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for en-.Dorset abling His Majesty to incorporate, by a Charter, a Com- insurance to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His pre- pany, to be called The Hants, and Dor JetInjur mice Com-

sent Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common pany, {oxgranting Insurances on Lives, and for securing An- . Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of nuities, and granting Insurances against Loss or Damage Kirkheaton/m the West Riding of the County of York, and by Fire; and setting forth. That the passing of the fame for other purposes, in the said Act mentioned; with some into a Law may prove greatly prejudicial to the interest of

the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill.'

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Pe-

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several-Commissioners for putting titioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, in execution the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was refer- and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if red; That the Committee had examined, and found that they think fit.

the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pe-had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the oth year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of

tition.

Ordered, That Mr. Codringtondo make the Report from Marfcfield the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing lo much of the Act thereinafter mentioned, as relates to the Marshfield District of Road, was referred.

Mr. Codrington accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found

Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-

Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein; and alto an Act, passed in the nth of His present Majesty, to explain- and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, and for regulating the manner of taxing Churches, and other public buildings, within the limits of the said Act, were read: And,

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, for re-

Mr. George Ware being examined, said, That the powers pairing the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County and provisions of the said Acts have, in many respects, been of Wilts, to the top of Togg Hill, in the County of found defective and inefficient, and it is necessary that the , and from the Stone Pillar to the top of Old

Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read: And,

Mr. William Golding being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls, which Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said District of Road be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said

fame should be altered, amended, and explained, and that power should be given to increase the Rates granted by the said Acts.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in Act be continued, and some of the powers and provisions the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased, so far watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, as the fame relates to the said Marshfield District of Road, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoy- And the Witness further said, That the Road leading ances therein, io far as the fame relates to the Weft Di- from the Tetbury Turnpike Road near the Cross Hands vision thereof, as therein mentioned: And that Mr. in Old Sodbury, and several other Roads mentioned in the Mr. Henry Thornton and Mr. Tierney do prepare, and bring Petition, are very much out of repair, narrow, and incorn-

in, the lame.

modious, and it would be a

great

benefit and advantage

KepotVon

KUrlintTC

Railway Bill, fit r t ner couiidcred.

to the said Trustees and the neighbourhood, and cf public A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon utility, if the said Roads were put under the management the 14th day of this instant May, was made from the Com- of the said Trustees, and made a part of the said Marshfield rnittce, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Pro- District of Road.—And he added, That it is expedient the prictors of the EllcjmereCanal to make a Railway from said Act should be repealed, and the powers thereof, toge-Rttabon Brook to the EHefmere Canal, at or near the Aque- ther with such other provisions as may be necessary, con-dudl at Fontcyfy/ltee,in the Parish of Llangollen, in the folidated into one Act of Parliament.

County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more Feeders lor better supplying the said Canal with water, effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in was committed, and which was then ordeicd to lie upon the County of to the top of in the County

the Table, be now taken into further consideration; of and several other Roads therein mentioned, in

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Counties, and in the County of And

b that

44 Geo. III.

23° M

291

that Mr. Codrington and Admiral Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

on from A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and ph-"»n» others, concerned in the Linen Trade of the County of -in"S Monaghan,was pretended to the House, and read; setting

I Trade, forth, That the Petitioners have obficrved, with concern, that a Duty has been lately laid on the Export of Irish Linen Cloth from Great Britain and Ireland to all Foreign Countries; and that the direct tendency of the said Duty goes to diicourage the Linen Export of this Country to Foreign Markets, and to afford, of course, a proportionate encouragement to the Linens of other Countries; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions relating to * the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

t

rddingfieUl A Bill for inclosing Shadd Common, in the County

lofnre Bill, of Suffolk, was read a second time.

°nutte * Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calcraft,

Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

xrdeen Mr. Farquhar reported from the Committee, to whom sPct1' . the Petition of the Provost, in name of the Magistrates report© . anj Qjfy Council of Aberdeen, and also of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, in name of the Land Holders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Trustees named in the Act thereafter-mentioned, for the County of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Tower being examined, laid. That the Road leading from the City of Aberdeen, Northward, until it joins the present Turnpike Road from the Bridge of Don to Ellon, is very much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and in some places dangerous to Travellers; and that it W’ould be of great advantage to the City and County of Aberdeen, if powers were given to make a new line osf Road, beginning at the South fide of a Foot Road or Lane adjacent to and upon the East fide of the high Road leading to Old Aberdeen, called Love Lane, to be carried from thence ' Northward, until it joins the pretent Turnpike Road from the Bridge of Don to Ellon, at or near the Houses lately occupied by the Partners of The Distillery, passing through the Parish of Old and for building the

necessary Bridges on the said Road; and it will be necessary to repeal certain parts of an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amend-' ing, and keeping in repair, several Roads in the County of Aberdeen.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Road from the City of Aberdeen, to communicate witii the Road from the' Bridge of Don to Ellon, and for building a new Bridge over the River And that

Mr. Farquhar and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

• Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,/

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Extra, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Kingston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee, Report fro* appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Comtntt^-Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for for Leave t<* the County of Middlesex,informed the House; That he was "ijoum.

directed by the Committee to move the House, that they might have leave to adjourn, from the riling of the Committee, Tommorrow, until Saturday next, Friday being the day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a . General Fall.

And Lord V ifcount Marsham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as delired.

• - Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

account of the Sums paid to Neutral States, or Subjects of Sum? Paie* Neutral States, or British Subjects, in consequence of the Neutraf Ships, detention or condemnation of Ships or Goods belonging to ordered. Neutrals, from the ill of January 1793 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up.

Bill to regulate tht Expence of Militia, &c. Acts in Scotland, presented.

Mr. Robert Dmtdas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Expence of carrying into execution, in Scotland,several Acts relating to the Militia, the additional Military Force, and the Defence and Security of the Realm: And the fame was received; and read the-first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Rotnjey An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Parish

pailid^arc of Romjey Extra, in the County of , was read

the third time Vol. 59.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to apprehending consider further of the Bill to render more cafy the appre- deferred’ heading, and bringing to trial, Offenders cl'caping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Biiirefpefling the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

more effectually preventing the sale of Exciseable Liquors Lkpiors in in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering Scotland, the times ot granting Licenses to fell such Exciseable rrl,ortwl* Liquors by retail, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time,one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to commitreeo* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Westminster the Bill to amend two Acts, made in the.18th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground -between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, for the use of the Public.

Mr. Long (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Inti ruction, mittee. That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between

Report mi Lords Amendments to Volunteer Bid. committed.

292

23" Man.

A. 1804.

tween Saint Margaret Street, Union and King Street,

in the City and Liberty of Wesitmnfier, for the use of the Public.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to considerof the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great , and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and to report to the House what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; and also the said Amendments; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report, and Amendments, be now taken into consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report, and Amendments, into consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

And the said Amendments were also read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 24. Leave out " one of."

1. 25. Leave out " Secretaries," and insert " Secretary."

1. 41. After " Parliament" insert "or under " any Act or Acts of the present or " any future Session of Parliament."

Pr. 5. I. 32. After* of" insert * the;" and in the fame line, after " months" insert " next."

1. 38.

1. 39*

Pr. 6. 1. 24.

Pr. 7. 1. 21. 1. 22.

Pr. 8. Pr. 9. 1. 31. 1. 10.

1. 24.

1. 26.

Prl 10. 1. 12. 1. 13-

Pr. 11. 1. 19.

1. 21.

Pr. 1. 6.

Pr. 13. 1. 1. f. 14*

Pr. 14. 1. 16.

Pr. 15. 1. ult.

Pr. 18. 1. 21.

After " Practitioner" insert " or other-" wife proved."

After * Corps" insert * to his satis-" faction."

Leave out from " Accoutrements" to " (hall" in line 28.

After * days" insert " attendance." Leave out from " Infantry" to * in" in line 23.

Leave out " May" and insert " June." Leave out from " State" to " the" in line ry.

Leave out " together with" and insert * and shall also date."

After " have" insert " been admitted " into, and also all such as have." Leave out * one of."

Leave out " Secretaries" and insert * Secretary."

After " that" insert " all Field Officers and Adjutants of Volunteer Corps " and."

Leave out from* Yeomanry" to "who" in line 23, and insert " or Voiun-" teer Cavalry."

After * Yeomanry" insert "orVolun-" teer."

Leave out " May" and insert * June." After " Yeomanry" insert " or Volun-" teer."

Leave out * this" and insert * the " above-mentioned f'andinthe fame line, after "Ad" insert * of the last " Session of Parliament."

Leave out * one ofand in the fame line, leave out * Secretaries" and insert " Secretary."

After " chofen" insert * but shall at " the same time apprize such per-

" fans* (hat they are exempted from " such service lo long as they Hull " continue effective Members of * such Corps of fcomanry or Vo-" lunteers."

Pr. ii.8. 1. 27. t-eave out " any" and ihfert " the

" presentand in the fame line, after " War" insert * or until fix " months after the exchange of " the Ratifications of a Definitive " Treaty of Peace."

Pr. t9. 1. 23. Leave out from * his" to " be" in

line 27, and insert " being summoned to attend for the purpose of being enrolled, or of finding a " Substitute to serve as aforesaid."

Pr. ao. 1. 4. Leave oux from, " serve" tp " as" in

line 5.

1. 6. After ,'•'Member" insert * thereof " during the continuance of the " present War, and Until six months " after the exchange of the Ratifi-* cations of a Definitive Treaty of * Peace."

1. 9. Leave out " War" and insert " laid " term."

1. 31, After " Residence" insert " to any " other Parish or District."

Pr. 23. 1. 10. After " Buglcmcn" insert " and."

1. 11. Leave out * and Farriers."

1. 13. After " pay" insert " as such and in the fame line, after " therein" insert " from His Majesty, or otherwise."

1.14. After " Rate" insert " and also all " Farriers, being attested and serving " in any such Corps, and receiving " any such pay therein."

Pr. 24. 1,36. After " Service" insert " and not hold-" ing a Commission, or serving in " any of His Majesty’s other Forces, " or in any other such Corps of " Yeomanry or Volunteers, and * actually joining such Corps."

p . f Vj’7 Leave out * in the Realm," and rr. 25. * J 1!,^ within Great "

1. 32* L 33*

139-

Pi. 29. 1. 6.

1. 8.

Pr. 30. 1. 29. Pr. 31. L 1.

1. 9. Pr. 32. 1. 22.

1. ult. Pr. 33. L 13.

1. 20.

4. 36. 1. 42.

Leave out * one of."

Leave out " Secretaries" and insert * Secretary."

After * Exercife" insert * except in the case herein after specified as to " Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry." After " cafe" insert " of discharge." Leave out " the like nature" and insert " discharge."

Leave out " called out or."

After * Corps" insert " in the manner " and under the conditions herein-" after mentioned."

Leave out from " nor" to * until" in line 11.

After " him" insert " and upon re-" ceiving back from such Person the * Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, " and Appointments of such Person " in the manner before mentioned." After * thereupon" insert " un lei's " otherwise exempted."

Leave out " obtained" and insert " acquired;"andinthefame line, after " any" insert " Right of."

After" Corps" insert "or such Person " as shall be authorized by him for " that purpose."

After " afting" insert * in the execu-" tion of the before recited Act." Leave out " to make," and in the-' fame line, after " Assessment" insert " to be made."

Pr*34-

44 Geo. III.

23° Mali.

Pr. 34. 1. 15. Leave out " or}" and in the fame line, after " cloathing" insert " or appoint-" ments."

1. 26. After " Peace" insert " or to any two " Justices of the Peace."

1. ult. Leave out " fit."

Pr. 35-1 15. Leave out "or;" and in the fame line, after "cloathing" insert "orappoint-" ments."

1. 19. Leave out " orand in the fame line, after " cloathing" insert "or appointments." 1. 32. Leave out from " whatever" to " And" in Press 36. line 31.

Pr. 38. 1. 18. Leave out from " repealed" to " And," in Press 40. line 33.

Pr.45. 1. 25. Leave outthe Realm," and insert " Great Britain."

1. 27. After " insurrection" insert " to be noti-" fied.",

Pr. 47. I.31. Leave out from " if" to " formed" in line 32, and insert " the same shall be;" and in the fame line, leave out from " Parishes" to " for" in line 35.

Pr. 48. 1. 4. Leave out " united."

1. 5. Leave out from " and" to " once" in line 7.

1. 20. After " Peace" insert * or any two Juf-" tices of the Peace."

1. 31. After " Peace" insert "or any two Juf-" tices of the Peace."

Pr. 49. 1. 7. Leave out " one of."

1. 8. Leive out " Secretaries" and insert " Secre-" tary."

Pr. 50.1 11. Leave out " the" and insert " it shall be " lawful for anyand in the fame line, leave out from " Peace" to " to" in line 13. and insert " residing in or near " the place where the offence shall be " committed, to take cognizance of the " fame, and to commit such person as " shall be convicted of such offence " before him."

1. 13. Leave out " any" and insert " the next."

I. 32. Leave out " the" and insert " by distress,

" in the manner herein after-mentioned, "any such."

J. 33. After " Justice" insert " of the Peace as

" aforesaid."

1. 35. Leave out " the" and insert " such;" and in the fame line, after " Gaol" insert " or House of Correction."

Pr. 51. 1. 21. Leave out "or."

Pr. 52. 1. 8. Leave out " one of."

1. 9. Leave out " Secretaries" and insert " Se-" cretary."

1. 11. Leave out from " Cavalry" to " and" in line 14.

I. 35. After " in" insert " or near."

Pr. 33. 1. 7. After " in" insert " or near."

J. it. After " aforesaid" insert "Provided al-

" ways, that nothing herein contain-" ed shall extend, or be construed to " extend, to subjectany such Corps to " the provisions of any Act then in " force, for the punishment of Mutiny " and Desertion, or any Articles of " War made in pursuance thereof, by " reason of any such alfembling for the " purpose of being trained and exercif-" ed for any space of time, not exceed-" ing fourteen days as aforesaid."

1. 36. After " Lieutenant" insert " Vice-Lieu-" tenant."

1. 37. After " County" infer t" Riding, Stewart-" ry. City, or Place."

1. ult. After " Yeomanry" insert "or Volunteer "Cavalry."

Pr. 54. L 15. After " Yeomanry" insert "orofVolun-" teer Cavalry."

Vo l. 59.

Pr. 34* 1’ 23-Pr. 38. 1. 10.

Pr. 60. 1. 12. Clausi (A.)

1. 21. Clause (B)

1. 36.

Pr.6t. 1. 3. Cla use (C)

293

After " Yeomanry"- insert " or Volunteer " Cavalry."

After "aforesaid" insert " to the Com-" manding Officer, or to such person " as he shall appoint to receive the " fame, for the use of His Majesty, or " of the Person or Persons at whose " charge or expence the fame may be " furnished at the Head Quarters of " the Corps, or at such other con-" venient place as the Commanding " Officer may appoint, and within one " week after they shall have been de-" manded by the Com mantling Officer, " or by his direction."

After " condition" insert Clause (A.)

" And be it further Enacted, That from " and after the passing of this Act, no " future Rules or Regulations shall be " valid or binding on any Corps of " Yeomanry or Volunteers, or for any " purposes of this Act,-or for any other " purpose, unless the Commanding Of-" ficerof such Corps shall think fit to " transmit the same to the Lieutenant " or Vice-Lieutenant of the County " in which such Corps shall have been " or shall be formed, and unless the " said Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County shall think proper to " submit the same to His Majesty’s " principal Secretary of State; and * such Rules and Regulations, so trans-" mitted and submitted, shall, if not *f disallowed by His Majesty within " twenty-eight days after the receipt " thereof, by His Majesty’s principal " Secretary of State, be considered as "approved and, confirmed; and the " Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of " the County shall signify such apprp-" bation and confirmation to the said " Commanding Officer, to be forth-" with communicated by him to his " Corps; and the Rules and Regula-" tions, fb transmitted, submitted, con-" firmed, and communicated, shall be " binding and valid for the purposes of " this Act, or for any other purpose re-" garding the services and good con-" dust of such Corps; provided, that " nothing in this Act contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend, to " prevent His Majesty from annulling " at any time, any Rules or Regula-" tions which may have been or shall be made, respecting any Corps of " Volunteers."

After " Parliament" insert Clause (B.)

" And be it further Enacted, That the " several Forms of Returns, Certificates, and Schedules, hereunto an-" nexed, shall be deemed respectively " valid and effectual for the several " purposes of this Act, to which they " apply; but that if, from any varia-" tion of circumstances, or other rea-" son, the said Forms should not be " strictly adliered to, Instruments of a " similar import shall nevertheless be " admitted and received, and be held " in like mannervalid and effectual." After " Yeomanry" insert " or Volun-" teer."

After " Thing" insert Clause " C." ,

" And be it further Enacted, That no " Officer or other Person belonging " to any Corps of Yeomanry or Vo-" lunteers, shall be deemed a Public 4 F " Accountant,

294

23° M

A. 1804.

* Accountant, or Sub-Accountant, " by reason of any monies issued, or to be issued to him, by virtue of this " Act."

In Schedule A.

Pr.6i. 1. ii. Leave out from " by" to * Effe&ives" in line 15.

In Schedule B.

Pr. 63. 1. 3. After * Sickness" insert " as has been."

]. 4. After " Practitioner" insert " or as has " been otherwise proved to my fetis-* faction."

1* I. I Leave out " and fit for service.’ & o. 3

1.

1. 4.

In Schedule D.

Pr.64.1. #. >Leave out * Lieutenants," and insert " Clerks of the General Meetings ■" also, in the fame line, leave out «* &c." and also, in the fame line, leave out " one of."

Leave out * Secretaries" and insert " Se-" cretary."

Leave out " one ofand in the same line, leave out " Secretaries" and insert " Secretary."

The nine first Amendments, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, Press 8. line 31. to leave out " May" and insert " June" instead thereof, being read a second time;

And it appearing that the said Amendment was for the purpose of altering the day appointed for the Officers com-tuanding Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, to make the first Returns of their respective Corps, whereby the Persons therein mentioned would become entitled to Exemption from certain Duties; which day, as fixed in the Bill when it passed this House, being the first day of May, had nearly elapsed*during the progress of the Bill in the House of Lords;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the word " June" and inserting the word " July" instead thereof.

And the fame was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment^ so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The eight next Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, Press 13. line 1. to leave out * May" and insert " June" instead thereof, being read a second time;

And it appearing that the said Amendment was for the purpose of altering the day appointed for the commanding Officers of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, to deliver Certificates for proving the Claims of Persons therein named to Exemption from certain Duties, which day, as fixed in the Bill, when it passed this House, being the first day of May, had nearly elapsed during the progress of the Bill in the House of Lords;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the word " June" and inserting the word " July" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 33. 1. 20. being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 33. line ao. being read a second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The three next Amendments being severally read

a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords j

It passed in the Negative.

The seven next Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a second time}

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords j

It passed in the Negative.

The two next Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The two next Amendments, being severally read a second time;

And the Question being severally put. That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords

It passed in the Negative.

The fourteen next Amendments, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The two next Amendments being severally read a second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The three next Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The three next Amendments, being severally read a second time, were, qpbn the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Committee Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for drw'upRw-difegreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their fons for dif-Lordships, as this House hath difegreed to. _ Ql

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the said Amendments, and to report to the House, what they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fojier, Mr. Hiijiijjbn,

Mr. Slurges Bourne, Mr. Wilberforce, Sir Thomas Theophilus

Metcalfe, Mr. Henry Thornton, Sir John , and Sir

John Frederick, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to parish Ap-Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Parish Appren- prentice. EH, tices: And the same was received; and read the first; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

presented.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions relating to the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

Committee rc’specting Irish Linen Trade, deferred.

Irish Public Accounts Bill, deterred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred*

•ply,

erred.

umitte on

lTage,

erred.

mmittee Act for ntin£ ties oil bacco, 'erred.

Idjoumment.

UHon and ickering toad Bill, eperted.

Petition for Provision in York shire Woollen Manufacture k Bill.

"Member added to ,f. > fcnng in Derby and KtwcaiUe--under Lyme Head Bill

1

44 Geo. III. 23°—24° Mail.

2 95

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the loth day of this initant May into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to allowing the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff, and for permitting Ships laden with Tobacco to come into certain Ports to wait for orders.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 24°

Anno 44* Georgii III"1 Regi?, 1804.

Prayers.

"DESOLVED, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

Mr. Henry Lafeelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of, Pickering, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Wood son, Esquire, of Old Malton Abbey, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petition-; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tlje House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

A Petition of several Clothworkers or Shearmen employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufacture of the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York; and setting forth, That the Laws now in being relating to the Trade of the Petitioners, are inadequate to the protection thereof, and they are deeply interested in extending the provisions of the said Bill to the branch of Trade in which they are concerned, so far as is applicable to their case: And therefore praying. That provision may be made in the said Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Henry , Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Cavendish be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed in the 32d year of his late Majesty, and in the 3d year of His present Majesty, so far

Vol. 59.

as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford.

Mr. Cavendish presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to Tralee Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, in the room of the Right honourable George Canning, who, since hi? election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

An ingrossedBill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, Pen gate and the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Weflbury, to Road^Bill,

Bridge, near the East end of Market Lavington, and other parted. Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the R oad scorn prized in the Second District therein mentioned, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 17. After * enlarged," to insert " And " whereas the said last mentioned Act " purports to give a continuation of " the term of the first-mentioned Act " for twenty-one years, in addition to " five years presumed to have been " granted by an Act, passed in the " 28th year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, commonly called The Public Turn-" pike Ad, but doubts have arisen,

" whether such term of five years was " so given; and it is conceived, that " the term of the said two Acts (which " otherwise would have had conti-c‘ nuance till some time in the year " 1808) is expired."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa&; And that the Title be.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Weflbury, to Latchett's,

near the East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Berkley Burland reported from the Committee, to Tone Naviga-whom the Petition of several Conlervators of the River t,on Pe*ltlon> Tone, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the rep° Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition! several Acts, passed in the toth and 1 ith year of King the Third, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping the said River navigable from Bridgewater to

Taunton, in the said County, were read: And,

Mr. William Kinglake being examined, said. That many doubts have arisen as to the construction of certain clauses 1

in the said Acts, which it is expedient should be ex-c plained;

Committee on

Keimon, &c. Inclosure Bill, to fit on Saturday.

Cardiff

Debtors

Petition.

Committee on

Liverpool Decks Bill, to fit on Saturday*

Dee Embankment Bill, committed*

’Ellelmere Railway Bill# parted.

Southwark Paving Bi:l^ ~ p re fen ted.

Row Poor Bil. Committed*

296

24? Mali. A. 1804

plained; and it is also expedient, that several of the provisions of the said Acts should be altered or repealed, and further powers and authorities granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the toth and nth years of King William the Third, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone,from Bridgewater to Tin the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Berkley Burland, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Morland,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in Keinton Mandefield, in the County of Somerset, is committed, have leave to fit on Saturday, notwithstanding the adjournment of the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol at Cardiff, for the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniences, in the fame Port} for amending the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Fe. ry Boats' plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire, is committed, have leave to fit on Saturday,

notwithstanding the adjournment of the House.

A Bill for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hazvarden, in the County of and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to prevent injury being done to the Allotments of Land, made, by virtue of an Act passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton, Mr Cholmondeley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellejmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellejmere Canal, at or near the Aquedud at Pontcyfylltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellejmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellejmere Canal, at or near the Aquedud at,

in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several'Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for more equally and effectually assessing and col-Ieding the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw

Lefevre, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Binbrooke, Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Inf1o^M1 Lincoln, was read a second time. committed/*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cuf,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to regulate the Expence of carrying into execution, in Scotland, several Acts relating to the Militia, the additional Military Force, and the Defence and Security of the Realm, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to regulate the Expence of Militia, Atts in Scotland, committed*

larrf

hmt.

The ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing the Billrespecting sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland, by Persons not duly F.xctfeable licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to Liquors fell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail, was, according to ‘"Scotland, Order, read the third time. pa e '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, f«it

An Act for more effectually preventing the sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland, by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant New Writ not for the making out a new Writ, for the Borough of Aylef- for bury, in the County of Buckingham, before Monday Fort- y e u,y* night, the nth day of June next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Westminster the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill t;o amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th years of His reported.* ’ present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of,

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Kingsutton whom the Bill for inclosing Lands within, and belonging indofureBifl, to, the Manors and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of report Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ia-grofied.

A Petition of Robert Hunter, of Th, Esquire, one of

the Freeholders of the County of Haddington, and a Trustee HacWingw*

for Reads

Leavr of Abtence.

Report of Rea Ion * for diiagnrin

to Ljrtii

to Volunteer Bill

44 Geo. III. 24°

for the Turnpike Roads in the said County, was prelim ted to the Hou'.e, and read; taking notice of the Rill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Arts, for making and repairing 1'urnpike Roads, in the County of ten; for amending other Roads bran Jung therefrom; and for rendering more cllirtual the Statute Labour wituin the said County; and letting forth, 'That the Petitioner is deeply interfiled in the several matters proposed by the Bill to be carried into effect, and greatly aggrieved by several of the Clauses therein: And therefore praying to Le heard, by counlcl, :igai oft the lame.

O, dered, '1 hat ihe L'ud Petition be referred to the con-

fide? at ion of the Committee to whom the said Rill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, determined by his counlcl, before the said Committee, upon Ins Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Indrurtior. to the said Committee, That tiny do admit counlcl to be luard, at the same time, in favour of the said Rill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. / dimer have leave of ab fence for a month, on account of lus health.

Mr. Bathstrf} reported from the Committee, appointed

to draw up Reasons to be offie cd to the Lords, at a Conference, for dilagrceing to Inch of the Amendments mule by their Lordships, to the Rill, intituled, An Act to con-lbiidate and amend the provifuns of the several Arts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteer^ in Gran tain, and to make further Regulations relating t Ik ret >, as this House hath d iagrecd to; 'That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had dKrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the fame was read; and is as folkmeth;

The Commons agree to the Amendments, made by your Lordflups, as far as Pr. S. 1. 3 1.

The Commons agree to the Amendment in Pr. 8. I. 31. which is, after " ot " to leave out " May," and in fie ad thereof, toinlert " June," with the following Amendment; to leave out " June" and inleit " July."

'The Commons agree to the eight next Amendments.

The Commons agree to the Ame: dment in Pr. 13. 1. 1. which is, after "of" to leave out " May," and inilead thereof, toinlert "June," with t.e f rllowing Amendment: to leave out "June" and inlet "July."

The Commons agree to the following Amendments, as far as Pr. 33. 1. 20.

The Commons di(agree to the next Amendment, Pr. 33.

1. 20. which is alter " Corps" to inleit " or Inch person " as shall lie authorized by him for that purpose

Rccause, they apprehend that it would not be expedient to entrull I nch a power to any Person inferior to the Commanding Officer of such Corps.

The Commons decline at this time offering any other ilcalom, Lelicving tliele may be iuiiicient to prevail upon Your l.ouiships not to inlilt upon the said Amendment, that a Bill lb necessary may not be HI.

The Commons agree to the three next Amendments, made by Y our Lord ships.

• The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, Pr. 34.

I. *6. which is, to inlert after " Peace" " or to any two 44 Justices of the Peace

Because, they apprehend that the nature of the Question to be determined on such appeal, requires the intervention of at leaf! one Deputy Lieutenant.

The Commons here also decline at this time offering

• - o

any other Reasons, believing these may be sufficient to prevail upon Your Lordships not to infid upon the said Amendment, that a Bill lb nccelfary may not be Ld.

The Commons agree to the seven next Amendments, made determined by Y our Lordships.

The Commons dilagrec to the next Amendment, Pr. 47.

J. 31. which is. to leave out from " if" to " formed" in 1. 32. and insert " the same shall be ;" and in the lame line, to leaveout from " Pari flics" to " for" in 1. 35:

Because, they apprehend that in Corps confiding of only Vol. 59.

Mali. SD7

one Company, the deposit of their arms jn more Parishes that?one would be inconvenient, and unnecellary.

The Commons here also decline at this time offering any other Reafui.s, hel eying these may be fuffioent to prevail upon your Loriffiip nor to infid upon the said Amendments, that a Bill lb necessary may m >t be loft..

The Commons agree to the two next Amendments, made by y ur Lordships.

The Commons disagree to the two next Amendments, which are Pi. 48. I. 20. after " Peace" to insert " or any " two Justices of the Peace," and Pr. 48. J. 31. after " Peace " to insert * or any two Justices of the Peace," for the fame Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment in Pr. 34. I. 26.

The Commons agree to the fourteen next Amendments, made by your Lordships.

The Commons dilagrec to the two next Amendments, which are Pr. 53. 1. 36. after " Lieutenant" to insert " Vice Lieutenant;" and I. 37. after " County" to insert " Riiiing, Stewart ry, City, or Place

Becaulc, they apprehend that any extension of the nature thereby pr >poled is unnecellary.

The Commons here also decline at this time offering any other Reasons, believing these may be sufficient to prevail upon your Lordships not to infill upon the said Amendments, that a Rill lo necessary may not be loft.

The Commons agree to the three next Amendments, made by your Lordships.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Pr. 58. I. 10. which is, after " aloiesaid " to insert " to the Command-" ii g Officer, or to f uel) Person as lie shall appoint to re-" cove the lame, for the use of His Majesty, or of the per-" son or persons at whole charge or expence the fame may " be furnished, at the Head Quarters of the Corps, or at " (ucli other convenient place as the Commanding Officer " may appoint, and within one week after they shall have " been demanded by the Commanding Officer, or by his " direction

Becauf, they apprehend that it is d fficiently provided by the preceding part of the Clause, that the delivery fhoild be to the Commanding Officer; and it appears to them more expedient to leave the mode and other circum-itances of the delivery to his discretion.

The Commons here also decline at this time offering any other Reasons. believing these may be sufficient to prevail upon your Lordships not to infill upon the said Amendment, that a Rill lo necessary may not be loft.

The Commons agree to the three next Amendments, made by your Lordships.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Pr. 61. 1. 3. which is, after " thing" to insert " Clause C."

Because, they apprehend such a provision is superfluous and unnecellary.

The Commons here also decline at this time offering any other Reasons, believing these may be sufficienc to prevail upon your Lordships not to insist upon the said Amendment, that a Bill ib necessary may not be loft.

To the rest of the Amendments made by your Lordships, the Commons agree.

The said Reasons being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference t* upon the subject matter of the Amendments, made by their *»e desired Lordships, to the said Rill. r

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurjldo go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Harvey: The Lords Mr. Speaker, have agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Mauchester, for moreeffertually amending the Road leading from the New IVall, on the Parade, in the TownOiip of Ga file ton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town

4 G of

Cumberland and Dumfrici Fisheries Bill.

Saint Pan era* Poor Bill, with Amendments.

Lords agree to a Conference.

Conference held, and reported.

Adjournment.

Glasgow and Redburn Bridge Roads Bill? committed*

Petition a gain ft Haddington Roads Bill*

24*—28° Mail A. 1804.

of Malic)iejier, alt In ttie County Palatine of Lancaster j

without any Amendrrient: Arid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating arid improving the Fisheries in the anil of the Sea between the County or Cumberland and the Counties of ‘Dumfries and tV and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, of-comthunicate With, the said arn> of the Sea,} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the bettengOverriing, maintaining, and employing the Poor oSf the Parish of SaintPan in the Cdurity of dlesex; for providing a new, Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, for appointing Chlleftors of the Pates, and for other purposes therein mentioned} with forn'e Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the con-currenpc of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mr. Bdthiirjl reported to the House, Phat he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, todefire a Conference upon the subject matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confo-liclafeand amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry arid Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the farrie immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Comriiittee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for dilag seeing to such of the said Amendments, as this Tdoufe hath aiLgreed to, do manage the Confererice.

Then the names of the Managers were called over, and they went to the Confererice.

Arid being returned;

, Mr. Bathurjlreported. That the Managers had been at

the; Conference, which was managed by Earl Graham on the part of the Lords-, and that they had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for dlfagree'ing to such of the A mendme nts, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed tp; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunte, 28* Mail;

Anno 440 Georgii III1" Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

ftESOLVFD, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Wednesday next.

A Rill for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts " tehting to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn " and for making and repairing the Road therein men-0t tk>hed," and for granting other powers for the Amendment and repair of the Lid Roads, was read a second time.

Fefdhbed, That the Bril be committed to Mr, Boyd Alexandbr, Mr. Brcdie, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Royal Burgh of Dunbar, and of several other Persons, being Farmers in the Eastern Distri& of the County of Haddington^ was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for htaking and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are deeply interfiled in the matters proposed by the said Bill to be carried into effect, and greatly aggrieved by several of the Clauses therein: And therefore praying, -That they may be heard, by counsel, against: the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counle), before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Lid Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Lid Petition.

A Bill fot reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed in the 32ft year of his late Majesty, and in the 3d year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeler, in the County of Stafford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Augttflus Henry C, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Eyre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bril for exonerating Henry Lord Middleton from the charge of repairing a certain Bridge, called Bridge, over

the River Trent, in the County of Nottingham, for a valuable consideration, and for more effectually repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge: And the fame was received; and read the first time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Eyre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton,in the County of Nottingham: And the fame Was ‘received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Martin in the •Fields, in the County of Middlefe

Mr. Shavj Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the Ltne was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the several Persons having Right of Common, and other Rights, on a certain tract of Waste, or Common, called Tiptre Heath, in the County of Essex, who petitioned this House upon the 16th day of this instant May, praying to be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Strutt, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the said Committee and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, agents, or witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Lid Petition.

Ordered, That all tvho come to the said Committee have *

Voices.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in Mandefield, in the County of Somerset,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the 7 Committee

Derby, &c. Road dm, committed.

Hufkham Bridge Bill, p relented.

Alverton

Inclosure Bill, presented.

Member

added to bring in St. M:rtin*8 Burial

Ground BilL

Bill presented*.

Totham

Inclosure Bill* committed.

Petition against, referred, and Counsel ordered.

Keinton

Mandefitrld

Inclosure

reported*

44 Geo. III.

28° M

' 299

Committee had gone thrbtigh the Bill, ind made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were pnce read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

rone Naviga.. Mr. Dickmfbn presented to the House, according to *°" B*1*' Order, a Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed re tn e . 10th an(j 1 ,th years of King William the Third, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone, from to Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

5>r. Jackson thanked for his Sermon.

Resolved, Nemine Contradi, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Jackson, Canon of Christchurch College, in the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's; and that he be de-

Cred to print the lame: And that the Masterofth# Rolls and Sir Charles Morgan do acquaint him therewith.

Bnn"hurst, Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to *&c. whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Town-IaclrtccT Bl11’ ^’Ps> or Hamlets, of Brin and Drayton,

in the County of Leicfter, was committed} That the Com-J mitteehad examined, and found that the Standing Orders

of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, and also to the changing one of the Commissioners therein named, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 3 Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of 8f Yard l*tnds, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 76 Yard Lands; and that no person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ■' the Report fn his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

(with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a i second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

1 Solway Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to

J FisheriesBill, Order, a Bill to extend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland; precnt * in the year 1563, respecting the Salmon Fisheries of that | Kingdom, to the Fisheries within the Solway Frith: And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Kingsutton An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands within, and belong-indofure Bill, ing to, the Manors and Parish of Kmgsuttm, in the County pass< * of Northampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manors and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of ampton.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti-MderedT* mate of ^ie Profit and Loss on the East India Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for the year ending the ift March 1804, with other Payments in deduded

therefrom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock, per computation, of the East India Com-Vot. 59.

pany (fexclufitre of their Capital Stock) on the ift day of March 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company’s Sales, from the ill March 1803 to the ift March 1804.

Mr. William Henry Fellowet presented to the House, Brlnrroh according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bringtm,in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame p

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second tirUc.

Mr. Francis Burton presented to the House, according to Wood (lock Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodstock to Roll-right Lane, and Ronds Bill, other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford: p«i«n«d.

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Art ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township Charney or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the '

County of Berks, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vanftttart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Considerattu consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to considerof so much of the Committeeon several Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Malt- Corn Trad* fters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, dete* Warwick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 3iftyear of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; '

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Otder of the day, for the House to gm to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon regulate the the Bill to regulate the Expence of carrying into execut ion, in Scotland, several Acts relating to the Militia, the addi- Acts in tional Military Force, and the Defence and Security of the Realm, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Billrespecting ing of the Bill for better securing the regular and speedy ^pncy’ Distribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday sevennight, the 7 th day of June next.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the Gross Amount,'Charges, and Nett Proceeds of relating to the 41 per-cent. Duty, from the ift of January iXoi to the ift of January 1804; distinguishing each year, as received ordsiei. by the Husband.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums charged on the Duties of 4J per-cent. which remained unfatished on the 5th of April 1804; together with the sums applicable to the discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums charged on the Duties of 45 per-cent. payable at the Exchequer, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th of April 1804; together with the sums applicable ’ to the discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the lums received in the Exchequer upon tire

Duty

Westminster Court House Bill, deferred.

Bill for relief of Insolvent, Debtors, oraered.

B’>llrefpe£ling

Cotton

Manufacture/

deferred.

Bill to defray the Expence of Prosecutions out of the County Rates, deferred.

I nib Revenue Bill, deferred.

Committee on Bill for apprehending Offenders.

Petitions for

Provision in York fh ire Woollen Manufacture Bill.

Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester.

300 28° Mail

Duty of per-cent. from the 5th of January 1801 to the 5 th of January 1804; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Imprest Money repaid, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1804.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrofi'ed Bill to amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that. Mr. Shaw, Mr.

Long field, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the fecorid reading of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act * for settling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called England" be now read.

•And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 7th day of June next.

A. 1804.

of the Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York; and setting forth, That the Laws now in being, relating to the Trade of the Petitioners, are inadequate to the protection thereof, and they are:

deeply interested in extending the provisions of the 1

said Bill to the branch of Trade in which they are concerned, so far as is applicable to their case: And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Brooke, Mr. Goddard, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of certain Petition Commons on the Binbrooke Coiu Pafiwas prefen ted to br<wkeBic the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing iacloforeBits. Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the county of ; and letting

forth. That, if the said Cow Pallure were divided, it would ■be rendered wholly useless so the Petitioners': And therefore praying, That the House will not permit their Rights therein to be altered or changed by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 9th day of this inllant May, for taking into further consideration, upon Wednesday next, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 5 th day of June next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better, collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 7th day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial. Offenders escaping from-one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday next.

A Petition of several Clothworkers or Shearmen employed in the Woollen Manufacture in the several Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And also,

A Petition of several Weavers employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufacture in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the better Regulation

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing panCraS the Poor of the Parish of SaintPancras, in the County of Poor Bill, Middlesex; for providing a new Workhouse for the use of aSre£ti to* the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other purposes, therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 75. J.36. After " forth," insert "with the con-" sent of two of His Majesty’s Justices " of the Peace for the said County of " Middlesex, not being Directors."

I.38. Leave out " in England or Wales," and insert " where they shall see it con-" venient."

Pr. 76. 1. 2. After " Service," insert " or in Farming " and Husbandry."

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Madocks do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for veiling the capital Messuage, with the Ap- ii;n for Sale of purtenances, lituate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, ArchWfhopof called " The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at pauVce?

" Sepulchre's," in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, committed, and for applying the purcliale money, together with another sum therein mentioned,in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned, was read a second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 5th day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Accounts of The Veterinary College, Accounts of which were presented to the House upon the 18th day of this instant May, be printed for the Members of the to be printed-House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attor- Attornies,&c. nies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates LjffXfcrred. within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said 1 Act

44 Geo. III. 28°—30°

SVays and

Mr.tns,

icier

Supply.

icterrecJ.

Act as relates to the entering such Certificates, be read va second time upon Wednesday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

■Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Hereford and (F’orcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bctimin

Debtors

Petition.

Mercurii,30° die Man;

t

Anno 440 Georgii III. U Regis, i 804. Prayers.

A PETITION of the persons confined for Debt in the County Gaol at Bodmin, in Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

• Petition A Petition of several proprietors and Occupiers of Fith-

F^fceriwBinr *n§s *n arm the Sea called Solway Frith, and Rivers running into, and connected therewith, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to extend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the year 1563, reflecting the Salmon Fisheries of that Kingdom, to the Fisheries within the Solway Frith; and setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would produce nianifeft injustice, inatmuch as it seeks to deprive the Petitioners of existing rights of property, and the legal exercise thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counlel, and agents, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counlel, and agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counlel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Thomas Qharles Bunbury reported from the Com- ShaddingfieU mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Com- Inclosure Bill,

mon, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the reporte Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the faiisfadlion of the Committee and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and! then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Jhe Lor<1,1

Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the two Amendments made -Amendments by this House to the Amendments, made by the Lords, Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend to Volunteer the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of Yeo- BllJ*&c* manry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and the Lords do not insist upon the other Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, to which the Commons have dif-agreed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Simonbum Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the reported6^ Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parsh of , in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except an Owner of Lands, of the annual value of 295, j who refused to sign the Bill, but did not objcdl to the

Inclosure; and that the whole of the Lands to which Right of Common appertains is of the annua! value of 1,295 and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hereford and Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, to lUadVBui whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and reported. * enlarging the powers of an Act, of the 22d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the

(Fillerfey Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Vol. 59.

Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to Renfrew, whom the Bill for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties ol Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; for repairing other Roads brandling therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making effcdlual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,* with the Amendments, in at the Clefk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Account of all Monies paid by fLe Account of Treasury of Ireland to Officers, or other persons, for Public ^p’ublic3"1 Service in Great Britain, since ift January 1801; specifying officers, to be the date and mode of each Payment, and in what item of Prwte(i-the issues of the Treasury they are included, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Market powers of two Acts, of the 28th year of King George the Road°B°i!ifh Second, and the 1 9th year of His present Majesty, for re- committed, pairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was read a second time.

4 H Resolved,

Scotch Inland Navigation Bill, reported.

Cromford,&c. Roads Bill, committed.

Malton and

Pickering Road Bill, deferred.

Keinton ‘ * Man de fie Id Inclosure Bill, passed.

Southwark Paving Bill, committed.

Well i r* in lie r Court House Bill, passed.

302 30° MA. 1804.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Clarks Talbot, Sir Edmund Cradock Har&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hawkins Brozvne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Weltern Sea, by Inventcfsand Fort in Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, of the 8th day of Ma-ch last, directing Notices to be affixed for seven days on the door of the Sessions House of the County of Argyle, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that th£ Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have assented,

6r declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and all'o the said Lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford, to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Port on Hopton Moor, and for letting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to Ncivil aren House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of lldrksworth, all in the County of Derby, was read a iecond time.

Resolved, fYVlat the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Lord George AugujlusHenry Ca&c.: And they are

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 24th day of this instant May, for reading the third time. Tommorrow, the ingrafted Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of Nezv Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, might be read.

And the (laid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day Sevennight.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in Mande-

o o,

I, in the County of Somerset, was read the third time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keinton Man-defield,in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surreyand for cleansing, lighting, and watching the lame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, lb far as the fame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill to amend two Acts, made in the 18th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the erect-ir.g a Court House for the holding of Scftions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and

thirty-ninth years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, and for purchasing certain Build-

ings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the use of the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read (he third time upon Monday Sevennight, the 1 ith day of June next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raile an additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday Sevennight, the nth day of June next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial. Offenders efoaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the AtnencL ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York, be read a second time upon this day Sevennight.

A Petition of Land Owners and Land Occupiers in the neighbourhood of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the present operation of the Corn Laws, combined with certain other causes, is likely to affect materially the agriculture of the Kingdom, and has already occasioned to the Petitioners very considerable injury; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Select 6 Committee,

1

Emrlish and

.Scotch Military Force buf-penlionfijl!} deferred.

Irish Military 1 Force btif-pension Bill, deterred.

Committee oa Trish Public AccounuSill,

Bill for

apprehending

Offenders,

reported.

Day appointed

for Second Reading of York lh ire Woollen Manufacture Bill.

Petition from York, respecting the Cora Laws.

Further cor* fideraticm of Report from Lhkeard Kite*

303

44 Geo. IIL

30° Mali.

i Com tee, de-v\.

>ie- of ti revel to in nute> of rd mnittee, ered.

tof Info

ili.uis,

.eied.

mmitfee

Kind’s

{erred.

Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the body of the People, computed to be nearly 24,000 in num-merits of the Petition of William HuJkiJ[on> Esquire, re- her, are in absolute want, and, unless immediate relief is Ipetting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament afforded, are in danger of perishing: That the crop of the for the Borough of Lijkeard\ year 1801 was barely Sufficient for the consumption of the

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con- country, and to afford the feed for that of the ensuing year, sideration upon Tuesday nexr* and that of the year 1802 was so deficient, both in quantity

and quality, as not to be sufficient to maintain the Inha-Norice being taken. That several Letters, referred to in bitants for a quarter of a year, and the Country was sup-the Minutes or tire laid Committee, which were presented plied by an Importation great beyond all precedent, and to the House upon the 18th day of this instant May, are more than five times as much as was brought in in 1783,

________• __ 1 -__________ . r____* __________

ittomics,&c# k3 •Minify ill, deterred.

not therein entered

Ordered, That copies of the said Letters be laid before this Houie.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all Pensions granted on the Kstablishment of Ireland, up to the jft ol January 1S04; specifying the date and continuance of each grant.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious MeUage of the 10th day of some sheltered situations, the Bear or Big (a species of

Barley most congenial to the foil and climate) yielded a moderate return, yet, in the greater part of the country, it was blasted by florins in Marvell, and the Barley, raised from feed brought from the South oiScotland, and furnished to the Tenants by their Landlords, was shaken and totally destroyed; that the crop of Potatoes, in 1S02 and

a year of remarkable scarcity: That, toafful in purchasing this extraordinary supp'y, the Farmers were obliged to dispose of their cattle, and, by fuel) means, and the aid of their Landlords, who furnished them both with Meal and Grain, they were enabled to subsist, and prepare for the succeeding crop of 1803; that, unfortunately, that also filled to an alarming extent, and the Oat Seed taken from the preceding crop being exceedingly weak, vegetation was checked, and, in many instances, altogether destroyed by the inclemency of the weather during the Spring Season, which was uncommonly wet and cold; and th

m

this instant May into consideration, be now read And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rtj'shed, That this House, will, upon this day Seven-night, reiolve itleif into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and 1803, was also extremely unproductive, and, to add to their

others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to thfc entering Inch Certificates, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

calamities, the remaining cattle became unfaleable; and that other circumstances might be dated, as contributing to the present miserable iituation of those Islands, but the Petitioners conceive it to be unnecessary to dwell on the subject, as evidence is ready to be given of the fails here Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon asserted, which the Petitioners state upon the bed informa-

*P?T» fferred.

(Tays and

Hems,

leferred.

Friday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itleif into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, be now read.

A nd the said Older being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this I h-use will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

tion; and on the whole, it will be evident, that, unless relief is speedily afforded, all the horrors of famine must ensue; and that the extreme distress which occasions this application, occurred subsequent to the time appointed by the House for receiving Private Petitions: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for relief.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as delired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Appleby and Kirby Kendal k.rrA Bill, reported.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; con- prt;t;on taining the fame Allegation? as the last preceding Petition; presented. Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to and praying for relief, whom the Bill for cont inuing the term, and altering and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi-

enlarging the powers of two Acts, palfed in the ill and deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the aid yens of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from hligligaie to Market them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Brough, all in the County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houie; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Refolivtion, which, committee on upon the ift day of May 1792, was reported from the Motion for Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of measures to be taken for the abolition of ti,e slave the trade carried on by British Subjects, for the purpose of Trade, procuring Slaves from Africa, and was thep agreed to by the House, might be read.

Petition of Inhabitants of Orkney Islands, for Leave to pit lent a xmuen.

A nd the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read ac A Petition of Thomas Lord Dundas, His Majesty’s Lieu- cordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

tenant of the County of Orkney, for himself, and on behalf of other Owners of Land in the Islands of , and the humble Petition of James Chalmer, Esquire, agent for other Landholders in the said Illar.ds, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the failure of the Corn Harvests in the Islands of the Inhabitants are

reduced to a Rate of the greatest distress; that the great VoL. 59.

Resolved, That, from and after the ill day of January " 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any African Ne-groes into any British Colonies or Plantations."

And a Motion being made. That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a tipie to be limited;

And the Question being proposed. That the said Motion

1

304 - 30°—31° A. 1804.

tion be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House; v

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the day be now read;

' The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdta.fi. } 4»-

Tellers for the Noes,) Jfc NorM: } . =4-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Motion, for leave to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited, be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bankes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Bankes accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited.

And Mr. Bankes moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited: And that Mr. Bankes, Mr. Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Fox, Mr. Smith of Norwich, Mr. Barham, Mr. Lee, and the Lord De Blaquiere, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-respeaing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Trade?nen fider of the several Petitions relating to the Linen Manu-deferred. facture of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

JoviSy 31°

Anno 44* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1804.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

by the House. (

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Hilliard reported from the Committee, to whom the RifcUn Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of otherwise ^E

Rifelip, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That rtp°; ‘ the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing.Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.30. 19J. 6 d.who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Owners of Estates assessed at ,£-35. 5 11 who were

neuter \and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.488. t6r.; and that no person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally j

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, apd altering Upton Brid| and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 25th year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of p f the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads

leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Fir ley, in the County of Glou-

cester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and,

for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn, was read the third time.,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 25th year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 19th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of cester, to the Parish of Fir ley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn.

Ordered, That Mr. John William Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Prayers.

Cambridge QIR Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to

Bin rted! whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and en-* »repor iargC the powers of several Acts, passed lor repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keping in repair, certain other Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Commissioners of the Burnt Fen First District; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Bluntisham with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, and of several Trustees acting in execution of several Acts for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Petit:-* Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for enlarging * the Queen's Dock, in the Port of Liverpool, and for making an additional Balon, and other works and conveniences thereto; for erecting another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniences in the fame Port; for amending the powers contained in the several Acts relating to the Docks in the said Port; and for the Regulation of the Ferry Boats plying on the River Mersey between Liverpool and Cheshire; and setting forth. That the Petitioners will bs very materially affected in their rights, property, and into- (

rests, should the said Bill, as it now Hands, pass into a Law:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their agents, counsel, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill, as affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- j

sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com- J

mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their agents, counsel, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

it Mr.

44 GrEX). III.

31° Mail.

SO 5

fpn 2.000, by bGco.UL

idrfinp-ton Mr. Charles Hope reported from the Committee, to ioned111’ w^lorn ^ie Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating, •>0 * several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in

the County of Haddington-, for amending other Roads brand ing therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the 5iatute Labour within the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Robert junior, of

Thutjhm, one of the Freeholders of the County of Haddington, and a Traftee for the Turnpike Roads in the said County; and also, the.Petition of Robert Hunter, of Thurs-ton, Esquire, one of the Freeholders of the County of dington, and a Trustee for the Turnpike Roads in the said County; and also, the Petition of the Magistrates of the Royal Burgh of Dunbar, and of several other persons, being Farmers in the Eastern Districft of the County of Haddington, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel insupport of the first and second mentioned Petitions, and had considered the other mentioned Petition; and hid also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill« and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, i upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

By the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-! grofled.

fcmmnt of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-ieApplica- counfj shewing how the sum of 2,000, directed by Act 41 Geo. III. to be applied in paying necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland, has been disbursed.

(rini pie (ham Mr. Robert Fellowes reported from the Committee, to

bciofureBill, whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crim* tported. plcsham, in the County of , was committed; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and ♦hen a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*» grofled.

Mr. Codrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the top of 1 Y'ogg Hill, in the County of G/oucester, and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Petition A Petition of several Owners, or part Owners, of British

*penfilms of ^ips in the limits of the Port of London, was presented to seNaviga- the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners i«a Law*. Rave found, by experience, that the frequent suspensions of the Navigation Laws of Great Britain have been attended with very injurious consequences to themselves, and to the Shipping Interest of this Country in general; apd that the principles on which such suspensions arc founded militate against the Maritime Interest of the Country, and are directly contrary to the {pint of the various Statutes which, from time to time, have been enacted by the Legislature for the encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation: And therefore praying, That those Statutes may be strictly . enforced, and that such Laws as authorize the suspension of

: them may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

VOL.59.

fr

Chiopenham

Wge Iwd Billy frelented.

Sir John William Anderson reported from^he Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lo in Common. Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of _the said Petition, an Act, passed in the last Session, for establishing a free* Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions^in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was read :—And,

Mr. Timothy Tyrrell being examined, said. That certain of the provisions, powers, and authorities of the said Act, have been found insufficient for the purposes. thereby intended, and that it is necessary that the fame should be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted’Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which tlfey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr; 1. 1. 5. Leave outx< Verbek" and insert " Verbeke"

' and leave out " and inlert

« Verbeke."

1. 19. Leave out " V" and insert " Verb eke." 1. 32. Leave out " " and inlert "

Pr. 2. I.22. Leave out " Verbek" and insert " Verbeke." I.27. Leave out " Verbek' and inlert " Verbeke.* 1. 36. Leave out " Verbek" and insert " ."

Pr. 3. 1. 7. Leave out " " and insert Verbeke."

1. 15. Leave out " " and insert " Verbeke J

In the Title of the Bill,

Leave out " Verbek" and insert " Verbeke"

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dopafs.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth delire the concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more effectual provisions for that purpose: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lajcelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Neiv-land cum Woodhouse Moorin the Parish of Normanton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their 41 consent

London Coni Market Pttition, reported.

Verbek’s Nat. re-committed Bill, reported, and passed; with Amendments.

Chimney Sweepers Kill, presented.

Normanton Inclosure Bill, reported.

Lords

Amendments to Bill to •mend Kirkheaton InclosureAd,

»Jjprted to.

306 31 ° Ma 1804.

confc'rif to tftoWrfl, to tEe satisfaction of the Committee; and that tffe Coriimitferi had gone through the Bill, and triade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report In his place; rind afterwards delivered the Bill, with, thri Amendments, Iri at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment were drice read throughout; and then a fsecond time, driri by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, "that the Bill, with the" Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Am^ridtnerits, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend ari Act passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty, fof inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the TOwnship of 1(irkktatoh, in the West Riding of the County of ind for Other purposes, in the said Act mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as foiloWfeth; viz.

Pr. <5. 1. iff. Leave out " or mortgage."

Pr. ‘j. l.i a. After " expences" insert " herein after " mentioned."

1.12. \ Leave out " every expence whatsoever" fcc 'i$. 3 and insert " such expences."

1.41. Leave out from "in" to "applying" in line 35.

Pr 0 1. 20. After " Aft" insert Clauses (A.) (B.)

(C.) (D.) (E.) (F.) (G.) and (H.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That the " Commissioners appointed by the said " recited Act shall, and they are here-" by required, to make out a particular u Account of all Monies which have " arisen from falc of the Waste Lands " vested in them, or which have other-" wife come to their hands, under or " by virtue of the said recited Act, and " of all Expences and Charges legally u incurred, and made by them, in the " due execution of the same Act, and " therein shewing the purposes to " which the Monies Which have so " conYe to their hands have been applied in carrying the said Act into " execution, Which Account shall be " laid before the Proprietors or persons " interested, or their agents, in the " Open fields, Meadows, Pastures, " Commons, Moors, and Waste " Grounds, and exchanged Lands, " in Kirkkeaton aforesaid, and in the " said Act mentioned or referred to, " at a Meeting to be called on or before the second day of July one " thousand eight hundred and four, of " which Meeting ten days notice shall " be given in The Leeds Intelligencer, and " Leeds Mercury: Provided always, * that it shall and may be lawful for " the Proprietors assembled at such " Meeting, or their Agents, if they shall " fee proper, to refer such Accounts to " the inspection of two Justices of the " Peace acting for the- West Riding of «* the County of York, who are hereby " empowered and required, by the exa-" mi nation of Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justices are hereby " empowered to administer, to exa-« mine Into and determine the fame; " and that no item in such Accounts " shall be allowed, unless approved of " and certified by such Justices."

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That from " and immediately after the passing of " this Act, the powers of the said " Commissioners shall cease and de» " termine •, and it shall and may be " lawful for a majority in value of the

" Proprietors or theiragents, at a Meet-" ing to be called for that purpo'e, " of which Meeting tea days notice " at tire lead shall be given byadver-" tisement in The Leeds Intelligcnter, " and Leeds Mercury, to chuse three " (kilfuil Persons, not interested in any " Lands or Grounds within, the said " Township, to be hew Commissioners tf in the place and head of the Commissioners named in the said recited " Act, each of the said Commissioners " to be nominated by the- respective " Parties by whom the Commissioners " in the said recited Act, were severally " nominated, with a like power toeleft " other Commissioners in cases of " death or refusal of such new Commissioners to act, as is given by the ' " laid recited Act; and that such new

" Commissioners,after taking the Oath " required to be taken by the former " Commissioners, shallbeinvefted with " the fame powers and authorities as " were given to the former Commissioners under the said recited " Act, and shall also be authorized to " carry the purposes of this and the " said recited Act into execution, fub-" jest to the provisions of an Act, palT-" eJ in the forty-first year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for consolidating in one Act " certain provisions usually inserted in " Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating " the mode of proving the several fafts " usually required on the passing of " such Acts," except in such cases " where the same are by this Act vari-" ed or altered."

Clause (G.) " And be it further Enacted, That if any " dispute or difference shall arise be-" tween any of the parties interested " or claiming to be interested in the said late Open Fields, Commons,

" Moors, or Waste Grounds, or the " present Waste Grounds, or any part " thereof, touching or concerning , " the respective Rights arid Interests

" which they Or any of them, at the " time of passing the said recited Act ' " of the thirty-ninth year of His prd-

" sent* Majesty, had, claimed, or were " entitled to, or now have, or claim " to have therein, or touching or con-" cerning any Common Rights or other " Interests, which they had or claimed, " or may have or claim in, upon, or " over the lame, or touching or con» " cerning any other matter or thing " relating to the said Exchanges, Sales, " and Inclosure, under or by virtue of " the said Act, it shall be lawful for the " said new Commissioners, and they are " hereby authorized to examine into,. " hear, and determine the fame: Pro-" vided always, that nothing in this " Act contained shall authorize the " said Commissioners to determine the " title to any Messuages, Cottages, " Lands, or Hereditamentswhatloever, " or to alter or disturb any of the Allot-" ments or Exchanges already awarded " to the Rector, and confirmed by the " said recited Act of the thirty-ninth " of His present Majesty, except with " respect to any Occupation Road al-" ready set out in pursuance of the said " Act."

Clause (D.) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case the said new Commissioners shall, •j " upon

.44 Gfio.

Clause (E.)

Vol. 5p.

in.

" upon the hearing and determination " of any claim or claims, objection or " objections, to be made or delivered

" to them in pursuance of this Act, fee,

" Cause to award any Costs, it shall be " lawful for the lame Commissioners,

" and they are hereby empowered,

" upon application made to them for " that purpose, to settle, assess, and " award such Costs and Charges as they " shall think reasonable to be paid to " the party or parties in whose favour " any such determination shall be " made, by the person or persons whose " claim or claims, objection or objec-" tions, shall be thereby disallowed or " over-ruled; and in case the person or " persons who shall be liable to pay " any such Costs and Charges, shall re-" fule or neglect to pay the fame on " demand, then and in such case it " shall be lawful for the said Comm if.

" (loners, and they are hereby required " and authorized by warrant under " their hands, directed to any person " or persons whomsoever, to cause such " Costs to be levied by distress and sale " of the goods and chattels of the per-" (on or persons so negkding or re-" fusing to pay the lame, rendering the "overplus (if any) upon demand, to " the person or persons whose goods " and chattels shall have been (o dif-" trained and fold, after deduding the.

" Costs knd Charges attending such,

" distress and sale."

* Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That in case any person or Clause " persons interested in the said late " Open Fields, Commons, Moors, or " Waste Grounds, or the present " Waste Grounds, shall be dissatisfied " with the determination of the said " Commissioners named in the said " recited Act of the thirty-ninth year " of His, present Majesty, or the new tfCommissioners to be appointed in " pursuance of this Act, touching or •" concerning any rights or interests in,

" over, or upon the fame, or any part " thereof, or touching or concerning'

" any other matter or thing relating to " the said Exchanges, Sales, and Inclo-" sure, either by virtue or in confe-" quence of the said recited Act or this " Ad ((ave and except so far as relates " to the Allotments to and the Exchanges made by the said Rector as " aforesaid) it shall and may he lawful " for the person or persons so diflatis-" fied to proceed to a trial at Law of " the matter so determined, at the fird " or second Assizes to be holden for " the County of Yorkr, after the passing-" of this Act, as to any determination " which may have been made by the " Commissioners named in the said re-" cited Ad, or at the next or following " Aflizesafter any determination which " may have been made by the Commife " (loners to be appointed by virtue of " this Act, and for that purpose the " person or persons who shall be.diffa-" tisfled with the determination of the " fame Commissioners respectively,

" shall cause an Action to be brought " upon a feigned issue, against the per-" fan or persons in whose favour such " determination shall have been made,

" within six calendar months next preceding the Assizes at which the fame

SOT

* i •; i

* is hereby directed to be tried, according to thecircumstances of such " determination Es aforesaid; rnd the i .. " Defendant or Defendants in such Ac-

tion or Actions shall, and he, (he, Of " they is and are hereby required " name an Attorney or Attornies, who " shall appear thereto or file common " bail, and accept one or more issue or " issues, whereby such claim or claims,

" and the right or rights thereby in-" (ifted on, may be tried and deier-" mined (such issue or issues to be " settled by the proper Officer of the " Court in which such Action or Ac-" tions shall be commenced, in case the "parties shall differ about the same;)

" and the verdict or verdids which " shall be given in such Action or Ac-u tions, shall be final, binding, and con-' " elusive, upon all and every person and " persons whomsoever, unless the Court (t wherein such Action or Actions shall <! be brought shall set aside such ver-" did or verdids, and order a new f Trial to be had thereon, which it " shall be lawftil for the Court to do,

" as is usual in other cases; and that " after such verdict or verdids shall be t(obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the Commissioners to be ap-. /‘ pointed by virtue of this Act shall *■ and they are hereby required to ad in ■- conformity thereto, and to allow or " dilallow the claim or claims tl.erebjt " determined, according to the event " of such Trial or Trials.

(F-) " And be it further Enacted, That it " shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to be ap-" pointed by virtue of this Act, to let " out, allot, and award any Lands, I e-ff nements, or Hereditaments whatso-" ever, within the said Townflvp of Kirkheaton, in lieu of, and in exchange for, any other Lands, Te-ff nements, and Hereditaments whatso-•" ever, within the Parish of Kirkheaton; V provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, spec'fied, and declared " in the Award of the said Commis-ft (loners, and so that such Exchanges be made with the c >nltnt of the *( Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Pro-" prietors of the Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments which shall he so ex-4‘ changed, whether such Owner or "Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, " Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant u or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, •".or in Fee-tail general or special, or •" by the courtesy of England, or for •" years determinable on any life or u lives, or with the consent of the " Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for " oharitable or other uses, Husbands^ Committees, or Attornies of or ad-" ing for any such Proprietors or " Owners as aforesaid, who at the time " of making such Exchange or Ex-■" chahges shall be respectively Infants, " Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under " any other legal disability, or who " shall be beyond the Seas, or other-" wife disabled to act for themselves, " hitnfelf, or herself, such content to " be testified in writing under the " common (eal of the Body Politic, " Corporate, or Collegiate, and under " the hands of the other contenting

" parties

308

Mail,

A. 1804.

" parties respectively; and all and " every such Exchange and Exchanges " lb to be made, shall be good, valid " and effectual in 4he Law, to all in-" tents and purposes whatsoever: Pro-" vided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, held " in right of any Church, Chapel, or " other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without " the consent, testified as aforesaid, of " the Patron thereof, and of the Bi-" (hop of the Diocese in which such " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, so to be exchanged, shall lie " and be situate: Provided always,

' " that all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making any * Exchanges and Partitions, shall be " paid and borne by the several persons " making such Exchanges or Parti-" tions, in such manner, and in such " proportion as the said Commissioners " shall, by their said Award, order and " direct."

Clause (G.) " And be it further Enacted, That the " said Commissioners to be appointed " by virtue of this Act shall and may, "and they are hereby fully and effec-*tually enabled and empowered by " feoffment, or by lease and release, * to award or convey the Lands authorized to be sold and disposed of " by the said recited Act of the thirty-

" ninth year of His present Majesty, " unto the respective Purchasers there-*of in Fee Simple; and that from " and immediately after the said Commissioners shall have executed any " such Award or Conveyance as afore-" said, the respective purchaser or " purchasers of the Lands comprised " in such Award or Conveyance shall be and become absolutely seised of " such Land to and for the use of * him, her, or them, and his, her, " and their heirs and assigns, for " ever freed and absolutely discharged " from all incumbrances; and that the " receipt of the said Commissioners " for the purchase money shall be an " effectual discharge to the respective " purchasers, none of whom shall be " obliged to fee to the application, or-" be accountable oranswerable for the " misapplication or non-application of such purchase money, or any part " thereof: Provided always, that no-" thing contained in the said recited " Act of the thirty-ninth year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, or in " this Act, shall authorize the said " Commissioners to award or convey " to Joshua Ingham, one of the Commissioners for executing the said re-" cited Act, any of the plots of Land " agreed to be purchased by him under c‘ the provisions of the said recited Act."

Clause (H.) u Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any person or per-" fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing " done in pursuance of the said recited " Act of the thirty-ninth year of ‘His " present Majesty, or of this Act, then " and in every such case (other than " and except such claims, matters, " and things as are hereinbefore direct-* ed or authorized to be ascertained, * settled, tried, or determined by the verdict of a Jury) he, she, or they * may appeal to any General Quarter

Pr. 9. 1. ult. Pr. 10. 1. 2.

1. 6. 1.11.

1.18.

L 19. I.21.] &22. J Pr. 10. 1. 32. 7

& 33’ y Pr. 11. 1. 3.

1.12.

Pr. 12. 1. 9. £3*.l

&32.J

1-33-Pr. 13. 1. 24.

1.32. Pr. 14. 1. 1.

I.i6.7 & 17.J I.25.} & 26.3

1.33. Pr. 15. 1. 4.

Pr. 16. 1. 6.

1.10. I.17.

1.19.7 & 20. 3 1.23.

134-

I.38.

1-39-

Pr, 17. 1.10.

1.11.

Clause (I.)

" Sessions of the Peace which shall be " holden in and for the said Weft " Riding of York, within six calendar " months next after the cause of cora-" plaint shall have arilbn; and tire " Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to " hear the matter of every such Appeal, and to make such order or " orders, therein and award such Cods, " as to them, in their discretion, shall * seem reasonable, and by their order. " or warrant to levy the Costs which " shall be so awarded, by distress and * sale of the goods and chattels of " the party or parties liable to pay the " fame, rendering the overplus (if " any) to the Owner or Owners of " such goods and chattels, after de-" dufting the reasonable chaises of "every such distress and sale; which " determinations or orders of the " said Justices shall be binding and " conclusive to all parties therein con-" cerned, and shall not be removed " or removeable by or any

" Writ or Procels whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record " at Westminster or elsewhere."

Leave out " as well."

Leave out from " Rate" to " be," in line 4.

Leave out from " by" to " Sale," in line 9. Leave out from " Grounds" to " or," iq line 15.

After " (aid" insert " new."

Leave out " and Trustees."

Leave out " or Mortgage."

Leave out from " Leeds Mercury" the end of the Clause.

After " said" insert " new."

After " thereto" insert " or in front " thereof."

Leave out " or Mortgage."

Leave out " as well."

Leave out from " rate" to " be," in line 3 5. After " said" insert " newand in the fame line and lihe 25, leave out " and * Trustees for the time being."

Leave out " and Trustees."

Leave out " and Trustees."

Leave opt " and Trustees."

Leave out " and Trustees."

Leave out " and Trustees."

After " York" insert " and the Patron of the said Rectory or Parish Church."

Leave out " said."

Leave out the interlineation.

Leave out " as well." '

Leave out " as the granting of the said " Writ of Mandamus."

I^eave out " or Mortgage."

Leave out "and George Armil age, Esquire, " two," and insert " one."

Leave out " or either of them."

Leave out " their deaths," and insert " his death."

Leave out " or," and infort " and." Leave out " or Mortgage."

At the end of the Bill, insert Clause (I.) " Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-" ceflors, and to all and every other " person and persons, Bodies Politic " and Corporate, his, her, and their " Heirs and Successors, Executors and * Administrators, all such Estates, 5 " Right,

44 Geo. III.

31° Mail.

309

" Right, Title, and Interest (other * than such as are intended to be " barred and destroyed by virtue of the " said recited Act, passed in the thirty-" ninth year of His present Majesty, " or of this Act, as they or any of u them had and enjoyed in, to, or out "of the said Waste Grounds, at any " time before the passing of this Act; " or could, or ought to have had* in " case this Act had not been made." The said Amendments being severally lead a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lajcelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

BUI to regulate the Expence of Militia, 6cc. A ft* in Scotland, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Expence of carrying into execution, in Scotland, several Acts relating to the Militia, the additional Military Force, and the Defence and Security of the Realm, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' Appleby and An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering

R^dyBH]n<kI and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the id jaifei 1 ’ and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of was

read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgale to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bringhurst, An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish, tcc. Jnciofure Townships, or Hamlets, of Bringhurst, Great Easton, and

BUl, passed.

in the County of Leicester was read the third

time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, for giving power to make Exchanges.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of Bringhurst, Great Easton, and Drayton, in the County of Leicester. k . Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to

f the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sill for Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

offenders*1"5 'nS°^ the ingrossed Bill to render more easy the appre-pafi'ed. " hending, and bringing to trial. Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial. Offenders escaping from one.part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the several Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, Warwick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr, Ridley.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by retail, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and t6 raise a further fufn of money for completing the said Canal and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and collateral Cut thereto; without any Amendment t And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and ton, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the County of Warwick-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

TTENEAGE Earl of Aylesjord, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, and oheof His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall Come, Greeting. Know ye, That 1 the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, add by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right hohourable Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons; the Right honourable Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls; the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Henry Addington, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Stopjord, Treafufer of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, the Right hotfburable Lord Glenbervie, the Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, the Right honourable John the Right honourable John Beresjord, the Right

honourable John Charles Villiers, the Right honourable Thomas Steele, the Right honourable William Windham, the Right honourable Sir William Scott, the Right honourable Thomas Grenville, the Right honourable JJaac Carry, the Right Vol. 59. 4K honourable

Irish Public

AccountsBill*

reported.

Consideration of Report from Committee on Com Trade* deferred.

The Lord* hare agreed to

Bill respecting Exciseable Liquors in Scotland.

Thames and Medway Canal Bill.

Shuttington Inclosure BH1*

lord

Steward*

Deputation*

Muflcham Bridge BiJl, «cj»nutted.

Alverton IncloAire Bill, committed.

310 V. yunii. A. 1804.

honourable George Canning,the Right honourable William , the Right honourable Charles the Right

honourable Thomas Wallace,the Right honourable Charles Bragge, the Right honourable William , the Right

honourable George Rose, the Right honourable Charles Long, the Right honourable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, the Right honourable John Smyth, the Right honourable William Ponjonby, the Right honourable Denis Bro-zcus, the

Right honourable James Fitzgerald,the Right honourable Sir John Stewart, Baronet, the Right honourable Maurice

Fitzgerald, the Right honourable Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, the Right honourable Nath'aniel Bond, the Right honourable John HiltyAddington, the Right honourable George Tierney, the Right' honourable Thomas Maitland, the Right honourable Arthur Paget; the Honourable Charles James Fox\ the Honourable Perceval, His Majesty’s Attorney General;

Six Thomas Manners Sutton, His Majesty’s Solicitor General; Lord Thyme, Comptroller of His Majesty’s House-

hold; Philip Metcalfe, Esquire; Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcdlfe, Baronet; Robert Hurji, Esquire, the Honourable John William Ward', ManaJJ'eh Lopes, Joseph Scott, Philip Langmead, and Joshua Smith, Esquires; Sir Thomas Fetherflom, Baronet; General John Leland, General Albemarle Bertie; Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet; William Garthjhore and William Baldwin, Esquires; Sir Edward Pe/lew, Baronet, Sir Thomas Troubridge, Baronet; the Honourable Richard Ryder; Daniel Giles, Robert Ward, John Fonblanque, and Richard Arthdall, Esquires; Admiral John Markham-, John Penn, Benjamin Hobheufe, Nicholas Vansittart, John Blackburne, and Charles Watkin Williams Wynn , Esquires; Sir John Honywood, Baronet, Sir William Dolben, Baronet; Hugh Leycester, Esquire; Lord Kensington; Francis William Grant, and John Palmer, Esquires; Sir Matthew Bloxham, the Honourable William Cornwallis, the Honourable Henry Lascelles, the Honourable Lawrence Dundas, Sir William Sidney Smith, Sir Henry , Baronet; Charles Smith,

inquire; Sir John Bern Waljh, Baronet; Thomas Jervis, Henry Holland, John Fuller, and Robert Dallas, Esquires; Sir James Graham, Baronet; the Marquis of Blandford, William Praed, Esquire; Lieutenant General Banajlre TarletoH, William Sturges Bourne, and Snowdon Barne, Esquires; Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet; Timothy Shelley, Esquire; Sir William Geary, Baronet; John Spencer Smith, and John Pytches, Esquires j Sir Michael Le Fleming, Baronet 1 the Honourable Cropley Ashley, Lord Loftus-, Richard Neville, Esquire; Sir John Frederick, Baronet; Matthew White, William Frankland, Francis Annejley, John Jeffery, Robert Steele, George Porter, Charles Mills, and Edward Hilliard, Esquires; Sir Hugh Inglis, Baronet; Charles Shaw Lefevre, David Scott, Thomas Eft court, James Langham, and Edward Golding, Esquires; Sir Richard Gamon, Baronet; Joseph Jekylf, John Fane, Richard Evan Baillie, Thomas Smith, and Peter Moore, Esquires; Sir William Curtis, Baronet; Sir John William Anderson, Baronet J Harvey Christian Combe, Esquire; Sir Charles Price, Baronet; William Wilberforce, Henry Bankes, and Ifattc Hawkins Browne, Esquires; Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet; Sir Martin Brozvne Fo/kes, Baronet; and John Dent, Esquire: or any fix, five, four, three, two, or one of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the first year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queeit Maty, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning " the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every person and persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the five Ports, or Commissioner of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament appointed to meet the 16th day of November 1802, and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said person and persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the seventh year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the election of Members to serve in the House " of Commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, * Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of " the House of Commons;" according to the directions of another Statute made in the sixteenth year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every person and persons, who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that part of Great Britain called,

and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the meeting of election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such person and persons; giving them, my laid Deputies, fix, five, four, three, two, or one of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full manner, as if I niyfelf had personaily been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand and seal, this thirty-first day of May, in the forty-fourth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith. Annoque Domini 1804.

Aylesford. (L. S.)

Veneris, 1° die Junii;

Anno 44* Georgii III'" Regis, 1804. Prayers.

A BILL for exonerating Lord from the charge of repairing a ’certain Bridge, called Mujkham Bridge,over the River Trent, in the County of Nottingham, fora valuable consideration, and for more effectually repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eyre, Mr. Burland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Newport reported from the Committee appointed Report from to consider the Legislative provisions already existing for support of the aged and infirm Poor of Ireland, and for the pXof S punishment of Vagrants, and of the necessity of reviling and amending the Statutes relating thereto, and also of making provision for the care of Lunatics and Idiots by Grand Jury presentments; and to report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matters to them referred: And,

Having perused and considered the several Statutes, and examined into such other Evidence relating thereto, as was at the present period laid before them, have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the adoption of a general lyftem of provision for the Poor of

Ireland

44 Geo. III. . Vyunii.

311

Ireland, by way of Parish Rate, as in England, or in any similar manner, would be highly injurious to the Country, and would not produce any real or permanent advantage, even to the lower daffes of People, who must be the objects of such support.

, Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the several Acts passed in the Parliament of and parti-

cularly that of the i ith and 12th of His present Majesty, directing the establishment of a House of Industry in every County, County of a City, and County of a Town, have not been complied with, nor any presentment made by the several Grand Juries to assist in the support of such Establishments for the relief of aged and infirm Poor, and the punishment of Vagrants and sturdy Beggars, except in the Counties of Cork, Waterford, Limerick, and Clare, and in the Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick-, but that the House of Industry of Dublin is supported at the public charge, ,$ind is open to the admission of the Poor of the several parts of Ireland, which may have induced the Counties and Cities, that have not carried into effect the establishment of separate Houses of Industry, to consider the House of Industry of Dublin, so regulated and provided for, as a sufficient contribution on their part, and precluding the necelfity of their making farther provision for their Poor.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, pursuant Report of to the directions of an Act of Parliament, of Sctch°nM*

Report of the Commissioners appointed for the purposes Road" and of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty Bridges,

" the sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and Brefcntc

" applied towards making Roads and building Bridges " in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the " Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their Estates " with a proportion of the expence for making and " keeping in repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlahds " of Scotland."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The ,said Report is preserved amongst th,e other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Woodstock Roads leading from Woodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of RoUlnfni,n Oxford, was read a second time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Act of the 5th of His present Majesty, and other Acts, directing the establishment of Infirmaries or County Hof-pitals, and granting a certain allowance from the Treasury, by way of Salary, to the Surgeon or Physician attending thereon, have been carried into effect in almost all the Counties of Ireland.

Mr, Wilberforce presented to the House, according to whitwood Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Town- indofureBUl, ship of Whitwood, in the Parish of Feat in the prefcn

West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Resolved, That, so far as at present appears to this Committee, the provisions of the Act of the 27th of His present Majesty, cap. 39. empowering Grand Juries to present the sums necessary for support of a Ward for Idiots and Insane Persons, have not been complied with.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in the House of Industry of Dublin,provision is made for the support of upwards of 118 Idiots and Lunatics, in the House of Industry of Cork for 90, in that of Wfor 25, and in that of Limerick for Paupers so afflicted.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the demand for admission of Lunatics and Idiots into all these places greatly exceeds the accommodation or funds appointed for their support j and that it does not appear that any Institution, maintained in any degree at the public expence, exists in any other parts of Ireland for their reception.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the attention and care necessary to the effectual relief of these distressed objects cannot be efficaciously extended to them whiift they are connected with Institutions of a very different nature, and, at the same time, must in a great degree break in upon and derange the orderly regulation of those Institutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the establishment of four Asylums for Idiots and Lunatics, one in each of the Provinces of Ireland (including that of Dublin) placed in as central a situation as possible, to be erected and maintained in such manner as may hereafter be deemed advisable, either by Grand J ury preferments or otherwise, would be a measure highly beneficial.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the consideration of the important objects referred to their examination requires more mature difeuffion than the present advanced period of the Session of Parliament would allow, and further information than they can at present attain, to enable them to form a correct judgment thereon j and that they do therefore recommend to the House, that the further investigation of this subject be resumed at an early period of the ensuing Session, as an object having llrong claims on the attention of the Legislature.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Vol. 59.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in York an* the Castle of Fork, the Gaol upon Ouse Bridge, and the Morpeth Gaol in and for the Liberty of Saint Peter of York: 252!^ And also,

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in Morpeth Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress j and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Bow Poor whom the Bill for more- equally and effectually assessing Bill, rePorled*. and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout -, and then a second timfe, one by one -, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Francis Burdett reported from the Committee, to Harrow Road whom the Petition of the Keepers and Governors of the Petition, Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar reP°rted* School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, > passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Petitioners and thei£ Successors are

enabled

• ft

312

1° Jun

A. 1804.

enabled to'demise, lease, and to farm let, all of any part of the said Lands and Premises, for the purpose of employing the Rents and Profits thereof in repairing and amending the Highway from the Town of Harrow on Hilly called Harrow Way, by Harlston and Paddington, in the County of Middlesex,leading into the City of London: Then,

An Act passed, in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the terms and powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, for paving Oxford Road, and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington; and another Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from The Red Lion at Paddington, to Harrow on the were severally read: —And,

Mr. Thomas Jennings being examined, said. That it would enable the Petitioners to carry the intention of the said John Lyon into better effect, if the Rents and Profits of such Hereditaments and Premises were paid, in certain proportions, to the respective Trustees of the said several Roads, to be by them applied, in like manner, and with the like powers, as the Tolls granted and made payable by virtue of the said Acts; and if the Trustees were enabled to dig gravel, and other materials, for repairing the said respective Roads on the said Lands and Premises, until the fame should be appropriated for building.—And the Witness added. That it is expedient that certain of the powers of the Act of the last Session should be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrotv on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair: And that Sir Francis Burdett and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lords have agreed to

Grantham Road Biii.

Sporle and Palgrave IncTofure Bill.

The Lords have passed Southcote’s Etfate Bill.

Bill read.

Petitions from A Petition of several Merchants and Ship Owners, fn^Scai Xo comP°sing the Members of the Clumber of Commerce roaghl,4‘ at the Port of Portsmouth, and others, Owners, or Part rcip'cfting the Owners, of British) Ships, belonging to the said Port:

Su/penlionsof a , ir the Naviga- And

A Petition of several Owners, or part Owners, of British) Ships, belonging to the Port of j

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have found, by experieace, that the frequent lufpensions of the

tion Laws.

Navigation Laws of Great Britain have been attended with very injurious consequences to themselves, and to the Shipping Interest of this Country in general; and that the principles on which such suspenlions are founded militate against the Maritime Interest of the Country, and are directly contrary to the spirit of the various Statutes which, from time to time, have been enacted by the Le-giflature for the encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation: And therefore praying, That those Statutes may be strictly enforced; and that such Laws, as authorize the Suspension of them, may be repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the several Normanton Manors or Townships of Normanton and other-

wife New'landcum Woodhouse Moor, in the Parish of - 1 manton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

' Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse,otherwise cum Woodhouse Moor, in tile West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

fcnat

KSffiiKSi

EC Brid •pRSdue

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of crimpleOiam Crimplesham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third p^fureBill»

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimplesham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

iciartBi!

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Ridley.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South end of , in the Parish

of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near End, in the same County; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Spor/e, and Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the will of Bridget Southcote, widow, deceased, in Trustees, for laic, and for laying out the money arising from the laic thereof in the purchase of Estates in the County of Essex, to be settled to the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote-, to which the Lords dtfire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Hereford and and enlarging the powers, of an Act, of the 22d year of Worefler His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging thepowers of an Act, of the twenty-lecondyear of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties ot Hereford and Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir George On neve all do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

•tMt

taa

Jmisr

*to

*u

-X

A Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed ToneNarig*. in the 10th and nth years of King William the Third, tion Bill, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping committed* navigable the River Tone, from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burland,

Mr. Langton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors of certain Commonable Lands, called Ej'comk Carr, situate in the Parish of respeaine Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, was Carr

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in insofar*, pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 30th day of April last, Notices have been given of the application to Parliament for inclosing the said Carr: And therefore praying, That provision may be made for the purposes aforesaid, in the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burland, Mr. Henry Lascelles,

4

44 Geo. III.

janii

313

See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine Allegations as the lad preceding Petition; and praying for of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power rcliet.

to fend for persons, papers, and records. < Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the TSible.

London Coal Sir John William Anpresented to the House, acJ

cording to Order, a B:ll for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and impufitions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain places therein mentioned: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Adjournment* Rejohed, That this Mouse will, at the riling of the Iloul'e tins day, adjourn till Tuesday morning next.

ft. Martin’* A Bill f^r providing an additional Burial Ground, and ' Burial erc<ftin£ a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint

’ in the Fields, in the County of Aliddiefc. was read a second time.

Refohed, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Bvng, Sir , Francis Burdett, ice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

j in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fane* Bridge Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Bill,pre!cmed. Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 3ill year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to in the Counties of Mi dale -

sex and Surrey; And the lame was received; and read the -H first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Brington A Bill for inclosing T-ands in the Parish of in

IndotureBill, jJjC County of Huntingdon, was read a second time. *0anutt* Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fre-

derick, Sir William Geary, 8tc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

-it irish Public Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

;e Account, ing of the ingrossed Bill lor directing certain Public Ac-

paired. coun(S cf Inland to be laid annually before Parliament, be "now read.

(And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Acfl for directing certain Public Accounts ol to

be laid annually before Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. llcnry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of levernl Bakers of the City of Cork, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth. That the Baking Trade of the said City is on the brink of ruin, on account of the cxilling Laws for regulating the lame being > Traieof the inadequate to their intenJed object, and that, in the lait City of Cork, eight years, the decline of the said trade has been more than usually rapid, because, within that period, no additional allowance has been made to the Petitioners for baking a quarter of Wheat, although an increase in the fame . uras more necessary than at any preceding period; and

1 that, if the House do not interpose a prompt and efficacious

! remedy, the Petitioners, and their families, will be totally

, ruined, and this important branch of bulincls mull fall

into the hands of needy individuals; and that the Petitioners, having required the aid of counsel in invefligating the icveral Acts relating to their trade, such enquiry has been more tedious than they had realon to cxpefl, ami they were not prepared to submit their Petition to the House within the time limited for receiving Petitions of a private nature: And therefore praying. That they may | have leave to present a Petition for such relief as the House

may think proper, kwegiven. Ordered, That, in confident ion of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Petition Then a Petition of the said several Persons was pre-

printed. fcnted to the House, and readj containing the fame Vot,. 59.

foitiun for Lave to prlfnt

Petition rdpecting

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for in- ShndHingfield doling Shaddingf.eld Common, in the County of Sujjolk, j^jjure

be now read the third time;

Mr. Long (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That H is Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His co'nfent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the la;d Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing ShadJingjield Common, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Banbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon R^orton the 23d day of May lull, was made from the Committee* Swanfe» to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana!, and a Railway, or Tram-road, from the Town of csnlidend. Swansea,into the Parish of Oyjlcnnouth, in the County of Glamorgan, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Tabic, be now taken into further confident ion;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon the 24th day of May last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further confnleraiion.

The I louie accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said BiP, being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 0:1c of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: Audi an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of simonburn Simonburn,in the County of Northumberland, was read the third time. p

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 16. To leave out " Barony, or Manor and."

L 23. To leave out " said."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Consideration further consideration the Report, which was made from the of£e£>rt Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of Committe«on the several Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Corn Trade, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, dolOTre<l*. Stafford, Warwick, Efex, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28 th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their ©bfervations thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day Sevenmght.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Deptford whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and

4 L watching

314 1° Jund. A. 1804.

hatching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and venues and Customs, for three years, according to the places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the latest advices; together with the latest Estimate of the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing en- fame: And also,

croachments, obstructions, nuifahees, and annoyances N° 6. A Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount therein, was committed; That the Committee had ex- of the Revenues of the India Company at the Prefi-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame denev of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordi-to be. true; and that the Committee had gone through the nate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars,

• Bill, and m*de several Amendments thereunto, which they under the heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Colledions, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Nabob of Rajah of Land Revenues, and the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Farms and Licences, for the year 1802-3, a°d of the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Charges defrayed for the same year, by the said Company, second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame respectively

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- under the several heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and grofied. Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs:

And also.

Bill for Atioli- Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East sUveTrade Order, a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Tirade, at a India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Set-pr*fented. ’ time to be limited: And the fame was received; and read tlements subordinate thereto, under the heads of. Land Re-the first time. venues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for three years,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. according to the latest advices; together with the latest

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Estimate of the fame: And also,

Thursday next. N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the Bast India The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the same under the respective heads of. Civil, Marine, Military, Company’* Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting

Account*, door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the the Revenues and Customs, for three years, according to

presented.’ House, pursuant to the direction of an Act of Parliament, the latest advices; together with the latest Estimate of the N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East fame: And also,

India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and Act ual Amou nt and from Benares and Oude,under the heads of, Mint or of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Prefi-Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, dency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, Oude Subsidy and Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, under the heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and &c. Customs, and the Receipts from the sales of Salt and Licences, &c. for the year 1802-3, and of the Charges

Opium, and Stamp Duties, for three years, according to defrayed for the same year, by the said Company, in the said

the latest advices j together with the latest Estimate of the Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the fame respec-fame: And also, tively under the several heads of Civil, Marine, Military,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Customs: And also,

and Oriffa, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by fame under the respective heads of. Civil, Judicial, Military, the East India Company for the management of their and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at,

of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances so far as the fame can be distingifished from the Civil or and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges other Charges, respectively, for three years, according to of the Stamp Office, for three years, according to the latest the latest advices; together with the latest Estimate of advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: the fame: And also.

And also, N° 10. (a.) An Account of the Expences of the Refi-

N*3* A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount dency of and its Dependencies, for three

of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Pro- years, according to the latest advices; together with the vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

Oude, under the heads of. Mint or Coinage Duties, Post N° 10. (b.) Amount of the Expences of the Island of Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy and Re- Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for three years, venue. Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, the according to the latest advices: And also,

Receipts from the sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Duties, for the year 1802-3, and of the Charges defrayed by Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares 1803 to 30th April 1804: And allb, and Oude; distinguishing the fame uhder the respective N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 1 ft May Charges of Buildings, and Fortifications, of collecting the 1803 40 30th April 1804: And also.

Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the ift Office for the same year: And also, May 1803 to the 30th April 1804: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East N° 14. A general Abstract of He Estimates of the Rc-

India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and venues and Charges of the Prefit encies of Fort William, the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1803 *° 30th and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coin- April 1804: And also,

age Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and ‘tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, Bombay, for (ales of import Goods and Stores, and for cer-for three years, according to the latest advices; together tificates on the Court of Directors, within the last three with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also, years respectively, according to the latest advices; together

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by with th? latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

■the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts, owing George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame the East Indies on the 30th April 1803, the rates of Interest under the respective heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Re- Amount of such Interest: And also,

11 N®i7.

44 Geo. III.

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India,between 30th April 180a and ift May 1803,

agreeable to the Court’s Orders of 25th June 1793: And •alio,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1802 to 30th April 1803; And also,

; N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift May 1802 to the 30th of April 1803: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1802 to 30th April 1803: And also,

N® 2t. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company’s Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the several Presidencies of Fort William Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Relidency of Fort , at the concluiion

of the year 1802-3: And also,

N® 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the year 1802-3 i together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the invoice.

Mr. Owen also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Profit and Loft on the India Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for the year ending ift March 1804, with other Payments in England deducted therefrom: And also,

A Paper, intituled " Stock, per computation, of the Eafi " India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on the " ift March 1804:" And also,

An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from ift March 1803 to ift March 1804.

Together with Lifts of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew; and the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie . upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The fifteen last of the said Accounts and Papers arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Appendix. Session; and those marked N° 1. to N° 10. (b.)

(No. 50.) inclusive, are inserted in the Appendix to this

volume.

Account of Ordered, That the Annual Account, made up to ift oftSTEai*6* day of March 1804, containing the amount of the Proceeds India Com- of the sale of Goods and Merchandize of the East India priiued? * Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame for the current year, and a Statement of their Rond Debts and Simple Contraft Debts, with the rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the amount of such Interest, and the state of Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other effects, appertaining to the Company in Great Britain and afloat, be printed for the Members of the House.

Report from Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee, committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several for Leave to Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for adjourn. the County of Middlesex, informed the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they might have leave to adjourn, from the riling of the Committee, Tommorrow, until Tuesday next, Monday being His Majesty’s Birth-day.

And, Lord Viscount Marsham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to adjourn as desired.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Attomio, Ordered, That the Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attor-nity Bit*"1" nies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates wntd.’ within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said

Vol* 59.

315

Act as relates to the entering such Certificates, be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Refolyed, That this House will. Upon Wednesday next, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the; whole House, to con- <leterr<*1-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

Befolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways ami resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, to con- averred, fider further of Ways and Means for railing th6 Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the house adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 5° die Ju

Anno 44® Georgii III'*1 Regis; 1804.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ufhef of the Royal Assent Black Hod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue df His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Qarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hawkesbury, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for more effectually preventing the sale of Ex-cifeable Liquors in Scotland, by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by retail:

An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating

thereto:

An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the Sea:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the line of the said Canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a collateral Cut thereto:

An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex j for providing a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other purposes, therein mentioned:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the seventh and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing and widening fevetal Rgads in the bounties of

Radnor

1°—5° Junii:

Shaddingfield Inclosure Bill, to be carried to the Lords,

Haddington Roads Bill, patted.

Swan sea CiUiil) (cc. patted.

Petition respecting Notices for Provision in Dee Embank jnent Bill.

316

5° yunii.

A. 1804.

Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned; and also, for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads, in the said County of Radnor:

An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New IVall, on the Parade, in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of Rochdal, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great and to

the Town of Mauchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the Great North "Road by the Guide Post at the South End of , in

the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other purposes, in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the County of Warzvlck:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of and

Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for inclosing Sha Common, in the County of Suffolk, and desire the concurrence of their Lord-ships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 14. After " Trustees," to insert " or any seven " or more of them, at a General Meeting " assembled."

1. 19. After " Public," to insert " upon the " Report of a Ikilful Surveyor, to be em-" ployed for that special purpose, upon " oath, to the belt of his judgment, which " oath any Justice of the Peace of the said " County is hereby empowered to admi-" nifter."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for altering and amending several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington-, for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Hope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrolled Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, and a Railway or ..Tram-road from the Town of Szvanfea, into the Parish of in the County of

Glamorgan, was read third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oyjler-rnouth, in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

channel of the River Dee, and for other purposes therein mentioned; for rating and taxing certain Lands and Grounds situate in the Township of Manor and Rake, the sole property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, called 'The according to the value thereof, in the fame proportion and manner, as near as may be, as certain Allotments are by the said Bill intended to be rated and taxed; and also for rating and taxing the Tythes arising from the said Allotments:

And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Cliolmondelcy,

See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have- Power to fend for- persons, papers, and records.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the 28th year chimney < of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of Chimney Sweepers B?J,

, r J . 1 A 1 r 1 r I committed.

Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more effectual provisions for that purpose, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright,

Sir John William Anderson, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A M eft age from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. The Lord*

Stratford: have agreed 1.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kingsdon for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Inclosure BilL

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Amendment* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nau'jJUL'* Michael Verbeke; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na- The Lord* turalizing Christian Henry Kauffman-, to which the Lords have pafTod desire the concurrence of this House. Bin"

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, London Coal made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establish- B\"*

ing a free Market in the City of London for the fele of Coals, committe and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, See.: And they -are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom Dety,&e. the Bill for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and Roa;1 Bill» enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed in the gzd year reROrted' of his late Majesty, and in the 3d year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onceread throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and consoli- Renfrew, &c. ftiip of Saltney,in the Manor and Parish of Hazvarden, in dating several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Road* Bill

the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr-, for palie<i‘ setting forth. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the repairing other Roads branching therefrom and for amende House on the 18th day of May last, Notices were given on ing an Act, passed in the 32d year of the Reign of His the Church door of the said Parish, of provision being in- present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour tended to be made in a Bill now depending in the House, in the County of Renfrew, was read the third time, for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the An ingrossed Clause was offered to’be added to the Bill, Embankments and other Works on the South fide of the by way of Ryder, declaring, that in case where proper titles

shall

44 Geo. III.

5° Junii

SIT

shall not be made out, or where Persons shall refuse to accept the sums awarded them, the purchase money shall be paid into the Bank ot Scotland.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and conl'olidating several Acts, for making and repairingTurnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr-, repairing other Roads

branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, for making efl'eftual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Petition of Mr. Charles Laurence Dundas reported from the Com-inhabiunts of mittee, to whom the Petition of ‘Thomas Lord;

Hands[ His Majesty’s Lieutenant of the County of Orkney, for

reported. himself, and on behalf of other Owners of Land in the

I (lands of Orkney, and the bumble Petition of James' Chalmer, Esquire, Agent for other Landholders in the said lllands, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Housej and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matter of the said Petition:—To prove the Allegations whereof.

The Reverend James Bremner, Miniller of the Parish of Walls and Float a, in the , being examined, laid.

That by the failure of the Corn Harvelts in the lllands of f)rkney,the Inhabitants are reduced to a state of the greatest distress: That the great body of the People, computed to be nearly twenty-four thousand in number, are in absolute want; and, unless immediate relief is afforded, are in danger of perishing: That the crop of the year 1801 was barely sufficient for the consumption of the Country, and to afford the feed for that of the ensuing year; and * that of the year 1802 was so deficient, bath in quantity and in quality, as not to be sufficient to maintain the Inhabitants for a quarter of a year; the country was supplied by an Importation, great beyond all precedent, and more than five times as much as was brought in in 1783, a year of remarkable scarcity: That, to assist in purthaiing this extraordinary supply, the Farmers were obi. geo to Jilpo'e of their Cattle; and by such means, and the aid of their Landlords,who furnished them both with Meal and Grain, they were enabled to subsist, and prepare for the lucceeJing Crop of 1803; unfortunately, that also failed to an alarming extent; the Oat Seed taken from the preceding crop being exceedingly weak, vegetation was checked, and in many instances, altogether destroyed by the inclemency of the weather during the Spring lealon; and though in some Iheltered situations the Bear or Big (a species of Barley mod congenial to the foil and climate) yielded a moderate return, yet in the greater part of the country it was blalted by storms in the Harvest, and the Barley raised from Seed brought from the South of Scotland, and furnished to the Tenants by their Landlords, was lluken, and totally destroyed: That the crop of Potatoes in 1802 and 1803, was also extremely unproductive; and, to add to their calamities, the remaining Cattle became unfaleable: That he left the Orkneys in October 1803, when the state of the crop was such as to induce him to think, that, though not lo deficient as the former years, it would by no means luffice the supply of the Inhabitants: That from what he law of the state of the crop last Autumn on the ground, he was fitisfied that a great part of it was not worth reaping; and finde he left the Orkneys, he has had advice that the country is in the greatest distress, owing to the failure of the last crop, and their inability to purchase a Supply. —Then,

The witness produced to Your Committee, a Minute of the Meeting of the Clergy of , held at Kirkwall the 19th of April last, which is hereunto annexed.

At Kirkwall, 19th April 1804. Several of the Clergy met, in consequei.ee of circular Letters from Mr. Buguid, Vol. 59.

Moderator of the Synod of Orkney} when, having laid before them a Letter from Mr. Nico/fon, Sheriff Substitute, and maturely deliberated on the object thereof; and having communicated, from their personal knowledge, the actual state of their respective Parishes; and having read 1 Letters lent by others, who could not attend; find catife tq represent, That, from the great failure of crop 1802, in consequence of which there was a necessity for importing victual into the Country to the amount of about ,£.25,000; and that the crop of 1803 having also been exceeding deficient, and the leverity of the present Spring having laid the Farmers under the necessity of giving much of their Corn toprelerve the lives of their Cattle; the Country is so exhausted, that, without some public, considerable, and immediate supply, there is the utmost danger of many of the people perishing, or being obliged to emigrate: They therefore judge themselves under the necessity of repre-fenting to the Sheriff Substitute their lense of the alarmii^ situation of the Country; and earnestly request that he, in his official capacity, will take such measures as to him shall appear expedient, for obtaining speedy and effectual aid from Government, in order to remove the consequences of the present pressure, and preserve the lives of numbers of the people.

Signed, in the name of the Meeting, by

Robert Nicolson, Esq. John Duguid, Prefes.

Sheriff Substitute of Orkney.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the (hid Report be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands petition in in the Manor and Parish of Great Totkam, in the County of £vour of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice incioinre Bill, of the Bill* for inclosing Lands in the said Parish; and praying, that the fame may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Milbome Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Port Writ: electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County, of,

in the room of the Right honourable Henry William Paget, commonly called Lord Paget, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three ChU’tem Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborotigh, and Bonenham, in the County of Buck-

ingham.

An ingrossed Bill for more equally and effectually af- bow Poor felling and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Bill, passed. Saint Mary Stratford Row,*in the county of,

was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for more equally and effectually alfelfing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bozv, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rifelip Ruijlip, otherwise Rifelip, in the County of Middlesex, was in£.loiu«Bill, read the third time. P» e

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of other-

wife Rifelip, in the County of Middlesex. K j

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Shaw presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for a Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Demon*,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. patented.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Lincoln Petition of the Right honourable John Lord , and J"d.olure

the humble Petition of Richard Ellison, Esquire, and other pemuX Proprietors of certain Open Commonable Lands and reported.

4 M inclosed

Stanfs Bridge Bill, catunitted.

Recounts of Men mi fed for Army of Reserve, presented*

Apftmfrx.

(No. 17.)

Copies of Letter* referred to in Minutes of Liikeard Committee, p relented.

318

5° Junii.

A. 1804.

inclosed Low Grounds in the City of the Liberty of

Saint Catherine's, and Pari lb of in the County of the said City, and in the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Burton, South Carlton, North Carlton,

Haddozv, Saxilby, Skellingthorpe, and Boultham, in the parts

of Lindsey and Kedeven, in the County of Lincoln, and in Broad/* lm and Harby, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of ‘ Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Tetition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ■Benjamin Handley being examined, said. That the said Lands and Grounds, or the far greater part thereof, are subject to be flooded, and in their present date, yield but little, and very uncertain profit to the Owners; and it would be of great advantage to all parties interested, if the said Open Commonable Lands were inclosed, and the fame, and also the said inclosed Low Grounds were embanked and drained.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the City of Lincoln, and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Saxilby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and in the County of Lincoln; and aho for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe: And that Mr. Chaplin and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Copy of a Letter from Edmund Carlhew, Esquire, to Mr. Dayman; dated Lijkeard, 10th March 1804.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

T*

petting thi

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Papei Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, war, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

Four Books, containing Papers relative to the Marhatta War in 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles Were read,

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Books be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Billrespectin* 28th day of May last, for reading a l'econd time, upon ^>tto" , Thursday next, the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the deferred. 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters " and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in "‘that part of Great Britain called might bo

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a l'econd time-upon Friday next.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, General Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Men raised in England and Wales for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each month, since the commencement of the Act passed ’ for that purpose; of the number of the fame who have engaged for General Service; and of the number of ballotted Men and Substitutes who have been enrolled for the said Army, as far as the fame can be ascertained: And also,

An Account of the number of Men raised in North Britain for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each month, since the commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the number of the lame who have, engaged for General Service; and of the number of. ballotted Men and Substitutes who have been enrolled for the said Army, as far as the fame can be ascertained: And also.

An Account of the number of Men raised in Ireland for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each month, since the commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the number of the fame who have engaged for General Service; and of the number of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Recruits enlisted for, and serving in, the said Army, as far as the lame can be ascertained.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Attomie*. reading of the Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates committed, within thetimft limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- j;u to defray

ther consideration the Report, which was made from the rJ]e j^penee Committee, to whom the Bill for defraying the Expence of tioniout'of

Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in Eng- the County land and Wales ,out of the County Rates, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

nj

The Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees. on controverted elections, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order for laying before the House, Copies of the Letters referred to in the Minutes of the Liskeard Committee,

Copy of a Letter from John Dayman to Edmund Cart hew, F.squire; dated Padjlow,4th March 1S04: And also,.

A Petition of the Owners of Herring Boats concerned petition fr* in the catching, curing, and redding Herrings, at Great Yarmouth, Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and at ft in she Hcmn, the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and Fishery. read; setting forth. That certain Acts were passed in the 26th and 27th years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual encouragement of the Exitish Fisheries; and that previous to, and at the time of, passing these Acts, the Herring business carried on at Yarmouth and Lowejloft was, from various causes, declining very taft, but the encouragement held out to Adventurers by the Bounties thereby granted have given a spring and energy to the Trade, and have causedit to revive and flourish; and that in 1802 an Act was passed for continuing the Bounties til! the 5th of '

April 1804, but enacting, That from and after the 5th of

April

fTtTCf 'jf'Tf

44 Geo. III.

5°—-6°

319

April 1803, one half part of the Tonn,age Bounty, and also one half part of the Barrel Bounty, to Boats-entitled to the Tonnage Bounty, should cease and determine; and that the Trade must again rapidly decline unless the Legislature should Simulate exertion and perleverance by a continuance of the Bounties as they flood before the passing of the said Act: And therefore praying the House to grant such aid and encouragement to the Fisheries as their importance demands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

;ommitteeon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a rfArchbHhop Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling of Dublin* the capital Messuage, with the appurtenances, lituate in

Kevin-jreet, in the City of Dublin, called " The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at Saint Sepulchre'*" in His Majesty. His Heirs and Succefl'ors, and for applying the purchase money, together with another sum therein mentioned, in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

falace.

Committee relpe£ting IriOi Linen Trade, deferred.

Army Bill, •rdcred.

Further Confiden^ott of Report from IHkeard Election Committee, deferred.

Army Bill, pretested.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House *0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions relating to the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursoay next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual reduction of the Militia of Great Britain: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Scleft Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Esquire,

respe«5ting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard -,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual reduction of the Militia of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Junii;

Anno 44# Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

P*. AYERS.

repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the 1 own of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, was read the third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, and in the third year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson be added to Member the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Harrow Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar Rpai BlU* School of John Lyon, within the To\yn of Harrow on the Hilt, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the rents and profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, BlUpreibntei. according to Order, the said Bill: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of canterbury the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from improvement the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for debt in Durham Durham Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to YorkRoada whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge Bill’reporw* the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the 8th and 29th years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Qfuoaldkirk Bank, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Welleflty Pole presented to the House, pursuant to P*ner

respecting Wcedoo Becky

Derby, See* Roads Bill, passed.

the directions of an Act of Parliament, , TT.,1J,.P.

A Paper, intituled, " Weedon Judgments and presenteZ

Decrees of the Commissioners."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The laid Paper is preserved amongu the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account*. General of imports and Exports, attended at the door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pre *nt pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the computed Gross Produce of the New Subsidy. temporary Duty of Tonnage and Poundage on Goods im-

AN ingrafted Bill for reviving the term, and continuing, ported (commonly called New Subsidy)~col]efted under altering, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, the management of the Commissioners of the Customs in pasted in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and in the 3d England, with the several Payments thereout, and the year of His present Majesty, lo far as the same relate to Amount of the‘Net Produce of the said branch, which Vo 1. 59. ‘ would

A. 1804.

Exports to the Wdt Indies.

Com, &c. exported and imported.

Whitwood Inclosure Bill, committed.

Mai ton and Pickering Road Bill, passed.

320 6" Junii.

1*

would have been applicable to' the Expences of His Ma- ments were twice read} and, upon the Question severally jesty’s Civil Government, if the temporary and hereditary put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had And the said Clause was read the third time; and, been enjoyed by His present Majesty, for the year ending upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

5th. January 1803. to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Air. Irvittg also presented to the House, pursuant to Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to their Orders, - the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering the Trustees

An Account of all the Exports from Great Britain to to borrow a certain sum on the credit of the Tolls, the WestIndia Colonies, in the three last years; distinguish- And the said Clause was brought up; and twice read,

ing the Amount, in Custom House value, of British Ma- with a blank.

nufactures, or Foreign Articles exported; also, distinguish* Resolved, That the said Clause be committed, ing the years, and the respective Islands: And also, ReThat the said Clause be committed to a Com-A Return, to an Order of the House, of the 18th day of rfiittee of the whole House.

May last, for an Account of the quantities of Corn and Ref', That this House will, immediately, resolve it-Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and im- self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said ported into, England and Scotland, for twenty-one years, Clause,

from the 5th of January 1770 to the 5th of January 1791, The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties Committee.

received thereon; together with the Average Price of Corn Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

in England, in each year; distinguishing each species in each Sir Robert ’John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee,

year: And also, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Return to an Order of the House, of the 18th day of Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee,

May last, for an Account of the quantities of Corn and That they had gone through the said Clause, and made Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and im- an Amendment thereunto} which they had directed him ported into, England and Scotland, for thirteen years, from to report, when the House will please to receive the same, the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1804, with Or, That the Report be now received, the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties re- Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the ceived thereon } together with the Average Price of Corn said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee in England, in each year; distinguishing each species in bad made to the said Clause, and which they had directed each year. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Returns do lie Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-upon the Table. ment was twice read; and, upon the Question put there-

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed for the Mem- upon, agreed t6 by the House, bers of the House. And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon

The laid Accounts and Returns are preserved amongst the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to the other Papers of this Session. be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township made to the Bill; viz. of Whitwood, in the Parish of Featkerftone, in the Weft Pr. 2. 1. 36. After " ," to insert " the Reve-

Riding of the County of Yorkwas read a second time. " rend Thomas the Reverend

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, HenryRobert Harrison, the Reverend Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was The ingrafted Bill for enlarging the term and powers of amended at the Table accordingly,

two Acts, of the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

for amending the Road from the North end of Old Mai- be. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two ton Gate, in the Town and Borough of Nezv Malton, to the Acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth years of His present

Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was, according Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of

to Order, read the third time. Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, ton, to the Town of , in the County of York.

by way of Ryder, directing a certain lum to be annually Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to applied towards the repair of a particular part of the Road, the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And the said Clause was brought up; and twice read, with blanks. Mr. Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom Petition

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed. the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Township £ot7c«nfor

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Com- of Saltney, in the Manor and Parish of Hazvarden, in the proi7ion°h: mittee of the whole House. County of was referred; That the Committee had Dee Rmbank-

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it- examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed reported!* self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Clause. House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Committee. lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee. Boydell being examined, said, That, in pursuance of leave Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. granted by the House on the 18th day of May last. Notices

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, were given on the Church door of the Parish of Haw ar den.

That they had gone through the said Clause, and made on three Sundays in the month of May last, and in the pre-several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed lent month of June, of provision being intended to be him to report, when the House will please to receive the made in the Bill now before the House, for more effectually fame. maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and

Ordered, That the Report be now received. other works of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish

Sit Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the of HawarJen, to rate and tax certain Lands and Grounds said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee situate in the Townships of Manor and the foie pro-

had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed perty of Sir Stephen Richard Baronet, called The

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his «C^ps,according to the value thereof, in the fame propor-place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the tion and manner, as near as may be, as the Allotments are Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- by the said Bill intended to be rated and taxed; and also , 10 for

44 Geo. III.

6° Junii,

321

for rating and taxing the Tythes arifaig from the said Allotments.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Hill for more effectually maintaining,' and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other works on the South-tide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Haw in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to prevent injury being done to the Allotments of I.and, made, by virtue of an Act passed in the l3th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Salttiey Marflr, is committed; That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for rating and taxing certain Lands and Grounds, situate in the Township of Manor and Rake, the sole property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, called The , according to the value

thereof, in the fame proportion and manner, as near as may be, as the said Allotments are, by the said Bill, intended to be rated and taxed; and also, for rating and taxing the Tythes arising from the said Allotments.

Chippenham A Bill for more effectually improving the Road from R^fa Bin. Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts', to the top of

committed. Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colrington, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Market Sir Charles Talbot reported from the Committee, to

R<and°Bu'iSh w*lom ^ie ®dl to continue the term, and alter and enlarge reported.’ the powers of two Acts, of the 23th year of King George the Second, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-Tally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Carl by Mr. Cujl reported from the Committee, to whom the

j^1o'*tT^*^or *ncl°Gng Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County repoif. . f)f Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon, or Heath, heretofore called Aur.by Heath, within or adjoining to the fame Pari fn, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to f report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with , the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of several Owners or part Owners of Ships Sumterland, the Port of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of the^ufpwi- Durham, was presented to the House, and read; letting lion of the forth. That the suspension of the Navigation Laws of Great Britainhrcs, been attended with very injurious consequences: And therefore praying. That the fame may be strictly enforced, and that such Law's as authorize the suspension of them may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Yol. 59.. -

Navigation

LaWS.

A Petition of several Planters, Merchants, Mortgagees, Petition* Annuitants, and others, interested in the British India

Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; taking __________

notice of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at West Indi^n a time to be limited; and setting forth, That the Peti- planter, Uc' tioners have great reason to apprehend, that the agitation of any question respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade in Parliament, will be productive of the raoft serious and alarming mischief in the British West India Colonies; and that the experience of several years, founded on the difaf-trous events which have happened in the Iffand of Saint Domingo, and the present deplorable fituaiion of that Colony, which is reduced to a state of savage anarchy, and where actions of the greatest atrocity are hourly committed, impress forcibly on the minds of the Petitioners the necessity of avoiding all such difeuflions; and that the Petitioners consider, that the avowal of the doctrines connected with the Abolition of the Slave Trade can have no other effect on the minds of uncivilized men, who consider ah Abolition and Emancipation as one and the fame matter, than to destroy all manner of subordination and good government in the British West India Colonies, and to induce the Negroes to make a general struggle for a wild and law-less freedom through defolat ion and blood(hed; and that the said 6ill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious ' to the Petitioners, inasmuch as they will thereby be deprived of the supply of Negroes absolutely necessary for the cultivation and improvement of the British Plantations in the West Indies, in which the Petitioners are interested j and that the Petitioners conceive it to be a leading principle of the British Constitution, that no man’s property shall be injured by an Act of the Legislature without full compensation being allowed him, to which, in any such event, the Petitioners hereby interpose their claims; and that the Petitioners, their Ancestors, and Predecessors, have been induced to settle and embark their fortunes upon Estates in the British West India Elands, the cultivation of which have been carried on at greaterifque and expence, in full confidence that the opportunity of obtaining Negro Labourers, so efiential to the support of their Plantations, would not be denied to the Petitioners by the Legislature of this Country, which has, under various Laws, repeatedly, sanctioned and approved the Trade to Africa, by means of which alone such Labourers can be procured; and that the British West India Colonies are of the greatest importance to the Manufactures, Agriculture, Commerce, Navigation, and Revenue, of the British Empire; and it is im-possible that a stake of such immense value as the property inverted in the British West India Colonies, can be affeftea without affecting the Empire at large; and that, the whole system of Colonial Law, respecting property, the provisions of Families, and the securities of Creditors, have been framed, and now rest, upon the faithof the encouragement held out by the Mother Country; and that, if the said Bill for abolishing the Slave Trade shall be parted into a Law, the greatest confusion and uncertainty must arise in every branch of the various interests which are connected with the British West India Colonies, to the absolute ruin of many, and the great injury of all: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves, or their counsel, against the fame.

A Petition of Edmund Pusey Lyon, Esquire, Agent for Agent for the Iffand of Jamaica, was also presented to the House, ^amaica' and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and set- ’ ting forth, That the Petitioner hath great reason to appre- ' hend that the difeuffion in Parliament of any Question respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade will be attended with the most injurious consequences to the interests of his Constituents; and that the present condition of the Iffand of Saint Domingo, which is entirely under the dominion of a Black Power, and where seenes of the greatest atrocity are daily acted, holds forth an awful warning against: innovation; and a most anxious concern for the prefer-. vation of good order and government in the neighbouring Colony of Jamaica, leads the Petitioner, on behalf of his' Constituents, to deprecate the revival of a Question which tends to disseminate, among the Negroes, notions hostile to that due subordination upon which the safety-and prof-

4 N perity ‘

The Lords have agreed to

Upton Bridge Road Bill.

Keinton MandefieM IncloAire Bill

Kingsutton Inclosure Bill

The Lords have passed

Burges’s Mate Bill.

322 6° Jumi. A. 1804.

perity of that Island most essentially depend; and that the as, by his will, are devised to the said as a

Petitioner thinks it to be a duty which he owes to his Trustee, out of the said and for veiling the

Constituents, to (late, that the Laws respecting the Go- Fee Simple and Inheritance of the fame Freehold Estates vernment of Negroes, in the Island of Jamaica, are most in Abraham , Esquire, as a Trustee in the place

leniently and humanely administered; that their protection and Head of the said John Fydell; to which the Lords de-is anxiously provided for by the Legislative directions, in fire the concurrence of this House. which system the Inhabitants at large earnestly co-operate; And then the Messengers withdrew, that they are well supplied with the necessaries of life, and

that the call for their labour is regulated by a due attention An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sfotham't to humanity, and by a spirit of moderation; and that the for veiling certain Estates situate in the county of,

said Bill, if passed into a-Law, will be highly injurious to deviled by the will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, the Petitioner’s Constituents, inasmuch as they will be in Trustees, for sale, and for laying out the money arising deprived of the supply of Negroes which are absolutely from the sale thereof in the purchase of Estates in the necessary for the cultivation and improvement of their County of to be settled to the uses devised by the

Plantations: And that the Petitioner’s Constituents, their laid will of the said Bridget ,was read a second

Ancestors, and Predecessors, have been induced to settle time.

and embark their fortunes in the Island of Jamaica, under Ref That the Bill be committed to Mr. the most lacred compacts with the Mother Country, fane- Mr. of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet

tioned by Royal Charters and Proclamations, as well as by this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

{iiccelfive Acts of Parliament, authorizing and encouraging the Slave Trade; and that they have inverted very Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom Taviiock, considerable capitals in the purchase, from the Crown, of the Petition of several Trustees for executing three Acts,

Lands in that Colony, on the faith of this system, and in passed in the 2d, 12th, and 24th years of His present reported.

full confidence that the opportunity of obtaining Negro Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from

Labourers from Africa would not be denied to them by to Plyand other places, in the County of Devon.,

the Legislature of this Country, by which means alone was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

Labourers can be procured for the cultivation of those found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

Lands; and that, if the Slave Trade should be abolished, to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that

the Abolition of it will tend to the absolute ruin of many the Committee had examined the matter of the said

of his Constituents, and to the great injury of all; and Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it

that the colonizing of the Interior of the Island of Jamaica, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

which is a system intimately connected with the welfare of in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

that Colony, has been promoted by the exertions of a most Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth j

industrious and valuable class of Settlers, who have begun viz.

to form Coffee Estates, and that their prospects must be To prdve the Allegations of the said Petition, the said

utterly destroyed by an Abolition of the Slave Trade; and Acts were read: And,

that the Petitioner claims on behalf of all his Constituents, Mr. William Radford being examined, said. That the from the Legislature of this Country, such Compensation Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the as the consequent diminution of the value of their pro- credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be perties, and their ultimate destruction, shall entitle them repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and im-to expect in the event of the said Bill being parted into a proved, unless the said Acts bfc continued, and the Tolls,

Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not powers, and provisions thereby granted, increased and pals into a Law; and that he may be heard, at the Bar of enlarged.

the House, by himself, or his counsel, agairft the fame. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie better amending and repairing several Roads leading from upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second the Guildhall and Market-house in to New Bridge,

time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, to Greston Bridge, to to Riccard' s House, to

by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, Ckerrybrook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to upon their Petitions, if they think fit. and New Quay, all in the County of Devon: And that

Mr. Bastard and Sir Lawrence Palk do prepare, and bring A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. in, the fame.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy Letter* to and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for of so much of the Public Records of the County of Banff continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the-powers as contains a Letter signed " C. Hope," dated Edinburgh, subftimteof of two Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign 30th December 1803, and addressed to " George Forbes," of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth year of the Reign Esquire, Sheriff Substitute of Bamffshire. of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Letter from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of from the Sheriff Substitute of the County of Banff, addref-Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Glou- fed to the Sheriff Clerk, signed " ," dated

cester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and Edinburgh, 30th December 1803. for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in

the Parish of Hanley CaJHe, in the said County, to the The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Par- InthEfcfiioa River Severn; without any Amendment: And also, liament of Ireland, in the 35 th year of His present Ma-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jesty, for regulating the election of Members to serve in for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keinton Mandefield,in Parliament, might be read, the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And And the same being read accordingly; also, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act amending the said Act, so far as the fame relates to Free-for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manors holds under the yearly value of Twenty Pounds, and for and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of Northampton; making further and other Regulations relating thereto: without any Amendment: And also, And that Mr. James Fitzgerald, Mr. Bagwell, and Sir John

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Newport, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, discharging John Fydell, late of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, but now of the City of Bristol, in the County The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Proceeding* of Somerset, Esquire, from being a Trustee of the Freehold of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Cloth Estates of Thomas Burges, late of Weymouth Street, Portland Manufacture, in the County of York; Woollen M»-

P/ace, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, au&aw'eBiB. and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow, parts of the same Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Burges, And notice being taken, that forty Members were not

5 present;

44 Geo. III. 6°—7

present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 7° die

Anno 44® Georgii III*" Regis 1804*

Prayers.

tforf A N ingossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, rag Bin* f-and watching, the Streets* Lanes, and other public paffiges and places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, was read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to exempt persons, passing over iorne Bridge,from the payment of Toll.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and places, within the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for tse Bttt, discharging John Fydell,late of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, but now of the City of Bristol, in the County of Someifet, Esquire, from being a Trustee of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Burges, late of Weymouth Street, Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such parts of the fame Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Burges as, by his will, are devised to the said John Fydell as a Trustee, out of the said John Fydell, and for vetting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the lame Freehold Estates in Abraham Toulmin, Esquire, as a Trustee in the place and Head of the the said John Fydell, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Kastant An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Kauffman, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

kortoB A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon kechiidiaKl the 30th day of May iaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making further provision for making ■firintd. and maintaining an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to to the Western Sea, by Iand Fort William in Scotland, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon the first day of this instant June, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Vol. 59.

Junii. 323

Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to whom Giaigow and the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His Jjjl^eRoad* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act forcontinuing the term; Bill,

" and consolidating into one Act,several Acts relating to the rePorted-Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and * repairing the Road therein mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and rhade several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rfefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ord&ed, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlbv Cartby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of I^£ure an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln; and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Corn Merchants of the City of Dublin Petition of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have noticed, with the mod serious alarm, in the printed Report of the Committee.on the Corn Trade, a proposition in the Table marked B. for raising the Rates for the admission of Irish Corn into Great Britain to nearly the Rates which it is proposed in the said Report to affix for the admission of Foreign Corn; and that such a measure, if carried into effect, would be of the greatest detriment to Ireland, inasmuch as it would confid rably narrow the channel for the admission of one of the principal articles of her Export to the British Markets, thereby diminish that Export, discourage her general Agriculture, lessen her capabilities of Remittance, and consequently increase the difficulties she already labours under of making good her engagements to Great Britain, as is clearly evinced by the general excessive height of the Rates of Exchange between the two Countries: And therefore praying. That whatever measures the House may adopt to protest the Home Markets against the too frequent admission of Foreign or Colonial Corn, that nothing will be done at least to lessen the present intercourse in Com between the two Countries, or to advance the present Rates for the admission of Irish Corn into Great Britain, or of British Corn into Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Petition and others, interested in the African Slave Trade from the s^ve^Trade Port of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Bill, from taking notice of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are largely concerned in the said trade, under the authority of various Acts of the Legislature, particularly of several lately passed for its better regulation; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be grievously injured in their property so embarked, under the solemn faith of the existing Law of the Land; and that a large deiefiption of His Majesty’s faithful and loyal Siibjefts employed in the carrying on such trade would be thrown out of employ, and rendered unable to support themselves and their families: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, of counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit,

Mr.

324

7" yuuii.

A. 1804.

Taviitock.&c. Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Heads Bill, Order, a Bill for the amending and repairing several ltoads

presentf leading from the Guildhall and Market House in

to NezvBridge, to Greston , to Downtown Gate, to

Piccard's House, to Cherrybrook and, Dmnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Yorkshire Ordered, That the Bill for the better Regulation of the nufoaureBai, Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York, be deferred. * read a second time Tommorrow.

Bill for Saleof Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of th.e

f D«bUn'« whole House, to whom the Bill for yelling the capital Palace, " * Messuage, with the appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, reported. in the City of Dublin, called " The Palace of the Arch-bishop of Dublin, at Saint ," in His Majesty, His

Heirs and Succefl'ors, and for applying the purchase money, together with another sum therein mentioned, in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Ormsby do make the said Report.

Mr. Ormsby accordingly reported from the- said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were'once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Report from

Liskeard

Election

Committee,

further

considered.

Charge against the Under Sheriff of Cornwall to be heard at the Bar.

Kingston-

upon-Hull

Debtors

Petition.

Svipply,

deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further confederation the Report, which was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William , of

Eartham, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard, in the County of Cornwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Resolution of the Committee was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Mr. John Dayman, Under Sheriff of " the County of Cornwall, in annexing to the Writ the " Indenture complained of in the said Petition of William " Hujkifon, Esquire, a fled contrary to his duty, and in. * violation of the privileges of Parliament."

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the l fl day of April, in the last Session of. Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Report which was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Charge contained in the said Resolution against Mr. John Dayman be heard at the Bar of this House.

Resolved, That the said Charge be heard upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Dayman, do attend this House upon Monday next.

Ordered, That a copy of the said Charge be sent to him; and that he be at liberty to be heard by his counsel.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol in and for the Town and County of the Town of' Kingston-upon-Hidl, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hoofe will. Tommorrow, relblve Ways ^.d itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to r,.v._ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon BUi, <lucnai the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts . for the better Collection arid Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 18th day of this instant June, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of John Hart, of BaUymagard, in the Liber- Petition of ties of the City of Londonderry, Esquire, was presented Mr-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner onu-T \s possessed of considerable Estates, situate chiefly in the Counties of Done gall and Londonderry, and has usually, for many years past, served as a Grand Juror for the said Counties, and in that capacity the Petitioner attended at the last Summer Assizes for the County of Donegal/, the Honourable Luke Fox, one of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, then presiding as Judge in the Crown Court of the said County; and that a person, named Anderson Dobson, was put on his trial at the said

Assizes, for a misdemeanour, in having procured a Magi-strate to sign an Affidavit, purporting to have been made to account for the clue Expenditure of Public Money in making a Road, without having actually administered the Oath to the person stated to have made the Affidavit, and which person, together with the Petitioner, had been appointed Overseers by the Grand Jury to make the said.

Road; and that he did not at all act or'interfere in making the said Road, but altogether left that business to the

other Overseer so appointed: And that the Petitioner, on the said trial, was called upon, by the said Anderson Dobson,

to bear testimony to his being a man of a fair and honest

character, which testimony the Petitioner did give; and the evidence being closed, Mr. Justice Fox, in charging 1

the Jury who tried the issue, stated what the Petitioner

had sworn, and, in animadverting on his testimony, said,

" But who. Gentlemen, will give a character of this Mr.

" Hart, degraded and di(graced as he is by this transaction,

" which will intail eternal infamy and disgrace on his " posterity ?" though the Petitioner had not, in any manner, been concerned in the t ran fact ion which cauled the said trial; nor was any evidence then, or at any time given, to warrant even a suspicion that the Petitioner could be guilty of such an offence: And that the Jury having retired, remained some time inclosed, when they were sent for by Mr. Justice Fox, and alkcd, if they had agreed to their verdict; and they informed him, that they were divided in opinion, that some of them were for finding the said Dobson guilty, and others were for acquitting him; and thoft that were for acquitting him, said, they had no doubt of his having prevailed on the Magistrate to sign the said Affidavit, without having administered any Oath to the '

person who was stated to have sworn it, which they thought was a bad act, but they did not think he- had been guilty of any such Fraud as was laid in the Indictment,he not having pocketed any thing by it, or w'ords to that effect; and that the Jury having again retired, they were inclosed till about half past seven o’clock in the evening, when Mr.

Justice Fox sent for them, and, on their coming into Court, they said they were ‘ftill divided in opinion; whereupon Mr. Justice Foxdefired them to go back to their Jury-room, and concluded, by saying, if they did not agree in ten minutes, he would adjourn the Court till fix o’clock on Monday morning,it being then Saturday; whereupon the Jury retired, and not having agreed within the time to which they were limited by Mr. Justice Fox, he did adjourn the Court till Monday morning, and proceeded to dinner with the Grand Jury; but, before he got to the head of the Dinner-room, and dinner not having been served, he was followed by the Sub-lheritf, who informed ' him, that the Jury had agreed; to which Mr. Justice Fox 4 replied,

44 Geo. III. 7° juni.325

replied, " They may cool their confeiences till flic o’clock " on Monday morning;" and the Jury, being under the necefiitv of remaining enclosed till the Monday following, and having again returned to their former opinions in con-fiequence of their confinement, they were on that day conveyed to the verge of the County, and discharged by the said Judge; and that he was ndt present in Court at the time when Mr. J u ft ice Fox used the expressions above dated reflecting on the Petitioner, and, not being informed of it, the Petitioner, early on Sunday morning, waited on the Judge at his lodgings, where he found him accompanied by the Clerk of the Crown: The Petitioner said, that he came to make a request which he hoped would not be considered unreasonable, as the business of the Grand Jury was over, and nothing remained for them to do but to pass the presentments: Mr. Justice Fox asked, "Pray, Sir, " what is it i" to which the Petitioner answered, That he hoped he would permit him to return to Derry on that day, as he had ordered a meeting of the 'Inhabitants of the Lower Liberties of Derry, by public advertisement, at twelve o’clock on the next day, for the purpose of forming a Corps of Yeomanry for the defence of the Country. Mr. Justice Fox thereupon said, " Sir, you know your duty, " and I know mine; your attendance to morrow is indif-" penlably necessary upon which the Petitioner retired; and Mr. Justice Fox having gone into Court about a quarter of an hour after lix o’clock on the Monday (which was the 29th of August last) directed that the Crown Solicitor should be called; and he having appeared, Mr. Justice Fox adarelled him in these words: " Go, Sir, and do as I " directed you yesterday;" upon which the Crown Solicitor went out of Court, and took one William Chambers', the Conservator of the Roads (who had been the principal Prosecutor of Dobson) with him; the Grand Jury (amongst whom the Petitioner attended) having been previously called over, and attending in Court, the Crown Solicitor and Chambers having shortly afterwards returned, and Mr. Justice Fox thereupon ordered a Magistrate, who was then standing in Court, to take Chambers'% examination against the Petitioner, and an information, ready drawn our, was then produced by the Crown Solicitor, which information, the Petitioner has reason to believe, was prepared by the -instrudion, and under the immediate authority and direction of Mr. Justice Fox himself; and that the Crown Solicitor having handed the information to the Magistrate who had been ordered to take it, the Magistrate was proceeding to read it, conceiving it his duty so to do before he should examine and swear any person to the truth of its contents; upon which Mr. Justice Fox reprimanded him for so doing, and would not permit him to read it, which induced the Magistrate to express surprize that he should be ordered to take or subscribe an information which he had not read previous to its being sworn: however, by the command of the said Judge, the Magistrate administered the usual oath, and took the said information; and that as soon as the information was thus sworn, Mr. Justice Fox turned towards the Grand Jurors (with whom the Petitioner then was) and said, lie had much concern in calling the attention of the Grand Jury to another subject of much moment; that a Member of the Grand Inquest of the County stood charged before him with a yery atrocious offence; he then proceeded to state, that An Dobson had been put upon his trial before him on Saturday, and he detailed very minutely the evidence which had been given on the trial; he said, that after the evidence had been closed, and the trial over, Mr. Hart had come on the table of himself (which the Petitioner denies to have been true, the Petitioner having been called on by the said Dobson in his defence) to give a character of the Traverfer; and that when he came to animadvert to the Petit Jury on that part of the evidence so given by the Petitioner, he had thought it his duty to say, *• Who, Gentlemen, would give a character " of this Mr. Hart,degraded and disgraced as he was by an " infamous crime, by which he had intailed disgrace on " his posterity, and infamy on his character and name ?" Mr. Justice Fox then proceeded to apply the evidence so Rated by him to have been given against Mr. Dobson to the Petitioner, and Rated, that in consequence of such flagrant conduct, he had directed the Crown Solicitor to prosecute VOL. 59.

him; and, an examination having been (worn, he must order him into tlje Dock, and desired the Sheriff to take the Petitioner into custody, whereupon the Petitioner was taken into custody by the Subfheriff, and placed in front of the Bar, where Traverfers usually Hand for trial; which being perceived by Mr. Justice Fox, he directed that the Petitioner should be put to the Bar, in consequence of which direction the Subsheriff then put him in the place where Felons are arraigned, and receive sentence; and the Petitioner being placed in that degrading situation, and standing as a convicted Felon about to receive the judgment of the Law, Mr. Justice Fox contumelioufiy asked him, " What have you, Sir, to say ? you are now at liberty " to go on," addressing him in the style and manner as if he were really a convicted Felon; but the Petitioner being so affected and confounded by an add re fs so violent and unex-peded, and from being placed in so public and so degrading a situation, could at first icarcely articulate a word with an audible voice, but having recovered a little from his embarrassment and distress of mind, he did mak^ a few observations, after which he was obliged to listen silently to a mod reproachful address from Mr. Justice Fox, who* whilst the Petitioner was in custody, untried, and in the hearing of those whose duty it would be to put the Petitioner upon his trial, and to decide upon his guilt or ^innocence, and holding up the Petitiofler to the resent-ment and indignation of his Country, amongst other things, addressed the Petitioner in the following words: " You " have charged me, as a Judge sent to administer Justice, " with criminal conduct, because I have directed you " should be put upon your trial for a mod infamous crime. " Whether the agitation in which 1 fee you, proceeds from " a sense of insulted honour or detected guilt, from a " wounded spirit or habitual depravity, I know not; but " I can only attribute your conduct to a hardened sense " of being used to such malpractices. A charge of the " mod enormous nature is made against you, disgracing " the Grand Inquest of the Country, not in their persons, " but yours." Mr. Justice Fox, in the course of his address, expressed his determination of returning the en-suing Circuit for the express purpose of trying the Petitioner, and, in the hearing of the Grand Jury, declared, that if they should hesitate in finding the Bill of Indictment, he would direct the Solicitor for the Crown- to apply to the Court of King’s Bench for an information against the Petitioner; and that Mr. Justice in furtherance of such his avowed determination to return next Circuit for the purpose of trying the Petitioner himself, desired that his lodgings should be kept for him; and that, after he had remained some time in the Dock, without knowing what Mr. Justice Fox's further intentions were, or for what alledged crime or offence the Petitioner was then committed, and placed in the common Felons Dock, Mr. Justice Fox informed the Petitioner, that, as it was then too late to have an Indictment prepared, the Petitioner might give bail, and directed that the Petitioner should be bound in £. 1,600, and two sureties in £.500. each, for the Petitioner’s appearance to take his trial at the ensuing Assizes for the offence contained in the said examination, which the said Judge would not suffer to be read, or even dated, but which offence, be it what it might, the said Mr. Justice Fox had prejudged, and pronounced the Petitioner to have been guilty of. The Petitioner, therefore, entered into such security, and was accordingly released, but remained fobut a short time; for, thortly after the Petitioner was so released, the said Judge did again order the Petitioner to be taken again into custpdy, on an Allegation that the Petitioner had entered into some conversation with some of the Jurors after they had been locked up for the purpose of considering their verdict^ on the trial of the said Dobson, and directed the Petitioner to be prosecuted for such offence, and accordingly the Petitioner, at the ensuing Assizes, was tried and acquitted of such charge; and that the Petitioner attended, as he was bound, at the ensuing Affixes, and no Bill having been sent up against the Petitioner for the said alledged offence, for which the Petitioner had been so committed to the Felons’ Dock by Mr. Justice Fox, the Petitioner instructed his counsel to ask the Crown Solicitor, in Court, on the second day of the Assizes, whether the pro-4 O fecution

4

A. 1804.

326 7°—8°

fecution was intended to be abandoned J arid he replied, thar he believed it was not intended to fend up a Bill of Indidhnent against the Petitioner: And that the Petitioner, believing there was no charge contained in Chambers's laid information against the Petitioner that would, in the opinion of the Lawyers concerned on the part of the Crown, warrant the Grand Jury to find a Bill of Indictment on it against the Petitioner, and the Petitioner feeling it extremely unjust and oppressive to have such a charge remain undisposed of, did again instruft his counsel, and they did apply to the Court, on the last day of the Assizes, to make the Crown Solicitor either fend up an Indictment, or that the Petitioner, and his Sureties, might be discharged from their recognizances; whereupon the Crown Solicitor handed an Indictment to the Clerk of the Crown to take up to the Grand Ju.y ;and that the Grand Jury did ignore laid Bill, as no charge whatever appeared to warrant it on the face of the information which had been taken under the direction of Mr. Justice himself, and on the authority of which he thought proper to commit the Petitioner to the Dock, and hold him up to his Country as guilty of some foul and disgraceful crime; and that the Petitioner pre-• fumes to represent these facts to tire House, conceiving

that the rights of the Subjects of this realm have been grossly and wilfully violated in his pefton, and as he has no means of red refs 4>y appeal to any Court of Law, or of vindicating his character from the imputations moll unjustly thrown upon him, submits the consideration of this case to the House, involving a subject of equal importance to the Public and the Individual, and in which Parliament alone is competent to give redress.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Address for Resolved, Nemine Contradic, That an humble Address Mr'cltment Presented to His Majesty, that He will be gracioudy son! pleated to order some provision to be made for John Cle-

mention, Esquire, who has for near thirty-five years faithfully and diligently executed the office of Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and who, on account of his long and laborious services, and advanced time of life, has lately resigned the fume.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Biilretpecting The Order of the day being read, for the second read-deferm£enCy* *nS of the Bill for better securing the regular and speedy e c Distribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the

business of Prize Agents;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon Tuesday Sevennight,

" the 19th day of this instant June."

And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " upon " Tuesday Sevennight, the 19th day of this instant June," be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read asecond time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 19th day of this instant June.

jumu

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|J£

Tellers for the Noes,j

{bir Laurence: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. /

Then the main Question being put, That the said Bill

be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

74-

66.

Tellers for the Yeas,}

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed, that no counsel attended for the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the British West India Colonies, or for the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, interested in the African Slave Trade, from the Port of Liverpool, which were severally presented to the House yesterday, and this day;

The counsel for the Petition of Mr. Lyon, agent ter. Jamaica, was called in.

And the said Bill was read a second time. -

And the said Petition was also read.

And the counsel having informed the House, that he did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill; he was directed to withdraw.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Act, intituled, " The Amelioration Act," Which passed the General Council and General Assembly of the Leeward Ifands in 1799-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s moll Gracious Message, of the 10th day of May last, into consideration.

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider of the several Petitions relating to the Linen Manu-fadlure of Ireland;

And the House having continued to fit till near half an hour after one of the clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Veneris, 8° Junii;

Bill for The Order of the day being read, for the second reading

Abolition of of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time ST to be limited;

•ommitted. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day Sevennight." And the Question being put, That the word " now’-’ stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

Anno 440 Georgii IIltU Regis, t 804. Prayers.

MR. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of in

the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

Address fer

Am3lionitioa

Act of Leeward Mauds.

Committee oa King’* Meluge, deterred.

Committee respecting Irish Linea Trade, deferred.

Swansea Harbour Bil^ reported.

44 Geo. III. 8H Junii.327

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ihe Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Petition Mr. Lambton reported from the Committee, to whom

respectine the Petition of several Proprietors of certain Common-Efamtoclrr able Lands, called EJcomb , situate in the Parish of inclosure, Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, was rereported. ferred; That the Committee had examined the matter of

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at, the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. 1

., To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Simpson being examined, said, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 30th'day of April last, Notices have been given on the door of the Parish Church of Saint Andrew Auckland, of the application to Parliament for inclosing Ejcomb Carr aforesaid.

The House was moved. That the’ Report which, upon the 27th day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of , is committed,

, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill,

for inclosing certain Commonable Lands in the said Parish,

’ called Ejcomb Carr.

’ Cariifle, A Petition of the several Persons confined for debt in

an^Beverle’ Prii*on of Carlisle: And also. Debtors A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in

Petitions. County Gaol of Notti: And also,

A Petition of the Persons confined for Debt in the Prison of Beverley, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. 4

Sir Jacob Henry Astlcy reported from the Committee, to Topcrostand whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Top- Bin.

croft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; reporwu.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax, at £. 184, who refused to lign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Estates afiefled at £.82. ior. who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 1,932; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tye ingossed.

Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the Alverton Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of - Bai*

ton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That p the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, *with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grrued.

Binbrooke, Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Bai ^re^rted. w^om ^ie Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bin-’ brooke Saint Gabriel, and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of certain Commons on the Binbrooke Cow Pafure, was referred; That the Committee, had considered the said Petition, and had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fetisra61ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

langoln Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to Order,

pCl'<naIfe R?n a Bill for embanking, draining, and improving, certain * Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof; and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Saxilby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and. Haddow, in the County of Lincoln; and also for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe: And the same Was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

V01,. 59.

An ingossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d Glas^ow and year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the term, and consolidating into one Act, several Roaj^Bitt, " Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to paired.

" Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein u mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the forty-third year' of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts re-" lating to the Road from Glasgov: to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and Market enlarge the powers of two Acts, of the 28th year of King ,io';sh George the Second, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Talbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

11 ,

328 8° Junil A. 1804.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin be added to the Gentlemen, brin in who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant Kouily Moor to the prayer of the Petition of several Persons having Right Inclosure Bill. of Common upon the Common or Parcel of Waste Land called Roujby Moor, in the Parish of in the North Riding of the County of Turk.

Bill presented. Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Roujby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinder-well, in the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Member added to

Counsel ordered on Petitions again it Slave Trade Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the British West India Colonies; and also, the Petition of Edmund Lyon, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Jamaica; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, interested in the African Slave "Trade, from the Port of Liverpool, which were severally presented to the House upon Wednesday last,-and yesterday, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The laid Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report is received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Dee Embank- Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to ment Bill, whom the Bill for more effectually maintaining, and keep-repone . ing jn repajr> the Embankments and other* works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of H in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to. prevent injury being done to the Allotments of Land, made by virtue of an Act, passed in the 18th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill respecting Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-Cotton ing of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and withdrawn!*’ 4ot*1 year H*s present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for and another " settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and •rdrrtd. Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that " part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And Notice being taken, That the said Bill was not conformable to the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the fame j

Ordered, That the Order for the second reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That leave be given to present a proper Bill in Head thereof.

Presented. Mr. Hiley Addington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year ot Hfs present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " settling Dilutes that may arise between Masters and * Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that " part of Great Britain called And the fame was

received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

JO

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Report from consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the re^cotaminpL several Petitions of Land Owners, Bar:ey Growers, Malt-fters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, Warwick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on Brit iff Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House;

And the House being informed that it was necessary to make feme further Enquiry touching the matter of the said Petitions;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be rc-cominitted to the 1

fame Committee.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to LongMaitm whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marten, in the County of IVcff,norland, and also the tom- np° mon Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and Count), was committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their, consent to the Bill, J

to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors, of Estates assessed to the Poor Rates at 3 r. 7 d. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poor Rates at 2 s. 3d. per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is asseffed to the Poor Rates at £. 11. 6 s. 10J per $ and that no person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diepfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered * the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. James Fitzgerald presented to the House, according irifliEieaion to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Par- ^di.presenteJ. liament of Ireland in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the fame relates to Freeholds under;

the yearly value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further '

and other Regulations relating thereto: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday Sevennight, the 18th day of this instant June.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Yorksture reading of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen woollen Cloth Manufacture in the County of York, be now read, deferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all Wfl India Produce imported into Great Britain, from the ift of January 1803 to the latest period, as far as imported, the fame can be made up; distinguishing the several kinds wdered. of such produce, and the value thereof; with the Duty paid, or payable thereon.

Ordered,

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

4-4? Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.]

■ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to defray The Order of the day being read, for the House to Resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tion* out of the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by order the County Gf the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of SSd. - the County Rates;

Resolved, That this Houfo will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

papw* Ordered, That the copies of Correspondence between

His Majesty’s Secretaries of State and the Governors of His Trade, to b« Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations' in the West Indies, reprinted. speding the S! ave Trade, which were presented to the House upon the 7th day of May last, be printed for the Members of the House.

Bill for Sale ' An ingossed Bill for vesting the capital Messuage, with of D^bHn^01* t^ie Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Palace, passed. Dublin called " The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, " ox..Saint Sepulchre's?'in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the purchase money, together with •another sum therein mentioned, in manner, and' for the purposes therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, ‘ An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called " The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at Saint. " Sepulchre's," in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the purchase money, together with another sum therein mentioned, in manner, and for the purposes therein’ mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to lr^Liueo re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade. consider of the several Petitions relating to the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Act* referred. The House was moved, That the several Acts referred to in the said Petitions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Acts be referred to the said > Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly. Bill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to " exempt from" Duties, on Export, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom: And that Mr

Alexander, Mr. Foster, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. St urges Bourne, Mr. Dawjon, and Sir John Newport, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 59.

8°—11" Jknii.

329

The other Order of the day being read, for the second Army Bill, reading Of the Bill for estabhfbingand maintaining a per- 'committed, manent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual fedudion of the Militia Of Great Britain;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the ! e3« } *"•

Tellers for the Noes’’Mr'

i8t.

5p

’£Mr. C:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House, having continued to fit til half an hour after Two of the clock on. Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the dock.

*>3

Lunce, 11° die Junto;

Anno 44." Georgii III*1^ Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for making further provision for Scotch inland making and maintaining an Inland Navigation from Navigation the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Invemefs and Fort at ,p*ff * William, in Scotland, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 27. After "plan" to insert "and bock oft " reference."

1. 32. To leave out'" two" and insert " three’* instead thereof.

1. 33. After " plan" to insert * and book of " reference."

Pr. 32. 1. 6. After " plans"To insert " and books of " reference."

1. 15. After " plans" to insert " and books of " reference."

1. 28. After " plan" to insert " and book of " reference."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Peter Moore reported from the Committee, to Gotham whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great inciofureBUl, Totham, in the County of Essex, was committed; and to "P01*1, whom the Petition of several Persons, having Right of Common, and other Rights, on a certain tract of Waste or Common, called Tiptre Heath, in the County of , was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petition, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the •parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisf.i&ion of the Committee (except the Owners of

85 acres 3 roods and 31 perches of Land, who refused to lign the Bill; and also the Owners of 135 acres 1 rood 4 P and

Petition for Leave to

present a Petition for lC\p Inclosure.

Leave given.

Petition

(defeated.

Hertford and Coventry Debtors Petitions.

Harrow Road Bill# tommitted.

Binbrooke, Arc. Inclosure Bill, paired.

Gonerby Inclosure Bill, reported.

330

iVJunii.

A. 1804.

and 20 perches, who wferfi neuter; and that the whole, property belonging to Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed amounts to .1,874 acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one;. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tlje Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Owners of. Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of in the Parish of IJlipy in the county of , Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Manor or Lord ship, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds, and if the lame were,inclosed, it would tend greatly to the benefit of the Persons interested; and that difficulties having arisen on arranging the terms of the said intended Inclosure, the fame could not be adjusted fa as to enable the parties to present a Petition for carrying the fame into exetution, before the time appointed for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; but such difficulties are now removed: And therefore' praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered \That, in consideration of the particular circum-llances set forth’ in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented to the House, and read; containing the lame Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-, fiiant to the prayer.of. the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame, > . ' ,

' A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in the Prison of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the Gaol of the City of Coventry;

Were severally presented to the House,.and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Jie upon the Table.

Allegations'of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 40 acres, who refused to lign the Bill; and also the Owners of 116 acres, who were neuter; and also the Owners of 68 acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole of the property interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed, confills of 3,988 acres; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township Aimton or Hamlet of Alverton,in the County of Nottingham, was i;ead the third time. -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham,

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Ampirfortl Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Township, or Townships and Territories of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time..

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Netben&te to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ne-t her dale, in the West Riding of the County of York: Aa{l the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Billrcfpeaing

ing of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dtfemd.

*. settling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and

Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that " part of Great Britain called Englandbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

A Bill for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessipns, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon,within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Midd/efex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel, and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel, and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordships or Liberties of Great Gonerby, and Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the 5

Mr. Foster presented to the' House, according to Order, BillrefpeAing a Bill to exempt from Duties, on Export, ail Linens of the L^tn2£de’ Manufacture of the United Kingdom: And the lame was p received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant New Writ not for the making out & new. Writ for the Borough of Aylef- Ayieftwiyl bury, in the County of Buckingham, before this day three weeks, the 2d day of July next.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long M.mon Long Marion, in the County of Westmorland, and also the p<w/UJxB*li> Common Stinted Pasture called Mar Park, within the said Manor and County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marton, in the County of kVeJlmorlancl, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to extend an Act of the Parlia- Djt ment of Scotland in the year 1563, respecting the Salmon s££^tedfor Fisheries of that Kingdom, to the Fisheries within the Sol- Reading of way Frith, be read a second time upon Wednesday Seven- 5?}"*? , night, the 20th day of this instant June. 1 erie*

An

44 Geo. III.

11° Junii.

331

• rges s cate Bill, emitted.

A.n ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act treated the House to extend their indulgence to a fault for discharging John Fydell,late of Chepstow,\n the County committed solely through an error in judgment,

of Monmouth, but now of the City of Bristol, in the County _ And then he was directed to withdraw,

of Somerset, Esquire, from being a Trustee of the Freehold . That Mr. John , Under Sheriff of the

Estates of 'Thomas Burges, late of IVeymouth Street, Portland County of Cornwall, in annexing to the Writ the Indenture Place,in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, and complained of in the Petition of William Esquire,

for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such parts of respecting the last return of a Member to lerve in Parlia-the lame Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Burges as, by ment for the Borough of acted contrary to his

his will, are devised to the said John Fydell as a Trustee, out duty, and in violation of the Privileges of Parliament, of the said John Fydell, and for veiling the Fee Simple and A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

Inheritance of the fame Freehold Estates in Abraham Tout- That the said Mr. John Dayman be, for his laid offence, min, Esquire, as a Trustee in the place and Head of the said taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending John Fydell, was read a second time. this House;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldzvin, An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Mr. Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Question, by leaving out from the word " be" to the end

f >% La— /\r f nib ll i ait < /n rt nb «%/4 4 U a a

•rnmttrc on •committed 11 to defray tpence of ofecutions

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and out

s££CoUPty of the County Rates, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of the Question, and inferring the words ".called in, and * reprimanded for his said offence by Mr. Speaker."

And the said Amendment was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put; 1

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Dayman be, for his laid Opened into offence, taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly.

The Mailer of the Rolls reported from the Committee, BmffRoad* to whom the Bill for making and repairing certain Roads reported, in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen, for building'

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making That they had gone through-the Bill, -and made several and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said-Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him County of Banff, was committed; That the Committee to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Ordered, Tha.t the Report be now received. . lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone

Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-laid Committee, the Amendments'which, the Committee unto, which they had directed him to report to the had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-, to report to the House; and be read the Report in his wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, read. upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further by the House. upon Wednesday next. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for grossed, the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William The Lord*

hmuuttecon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to and Mr. Harvey: have agreed t»

re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mr. Speaker,

Bm., the Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hereford and ! have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, powers of an Act, of the twenty-second year of His present and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the en- Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Wilier (ley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and the Counties of

Proceedings m Charge i|ainlt Mr. iyman.

tering such Certificates, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Leycester took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Leycester reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the several Orders of the day, for hearing, at the Bar of the House, the Charge against Mr. John

in

other Roads therein mentioned, ford and Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act PenMteanA for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the powers of two jj^j"* Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, Road* B3t in the Parish of Weftbury, to Latche Bridge, near the

Eastend of Market Lavington, and other Roads, in the said

Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the second District therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Appleby and for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

Dayman, Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, con- powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second tained in the Resolution which (upon the 16th day of years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from May last) was reported from the Select Committee, who Appleby to Kirby , and from . to Market

were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Hujkiffon, Esquire, respecting the last return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard; and also for the attendance of the said Mr. John Dayman, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The laid Mr. John Dayman was called in.

And the said Charge was read.

And he was heard; and, having Hated the Reasons which induced him to annex to the Writ the Indenture complained of in the Petition of Mr. he cn-

Vol. 59.

Brough, ail in the County of Westmo; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords’ have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to itllefreere enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at Pontcyfylltec, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh-, and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with water; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BowPoorBiH.

for

r*

d. ldCfo.

Carlisle * Paving Bill.

Crimplefliam Inclosure Bill.

Normanton Incloiiire Bill*

Bridgham Inclosure Bill.

Charney Inclosure Bill.

Temple Guiting Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Address for Account of Duties on Importation of Negroes in the West Indies.

332 11° Jumi.

for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting which of them, are granted with any and what Salary, pay-the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford able out of, or charged upon, anyahd what Fund.

Bow, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amend- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ail ment: And also, Account of the Particulars of the Charges imposed upon

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Consolidated Fund of , exclusive of the Interest for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and Charges of the Public Debt, from the first day of and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of January 1799 to the fifth day of January 1804; specifying Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the times when such Charges were made, and for whom, by the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; name, and by what Warrant or Authority, and for otherwise improving the said City; without any Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Amendment: And also, count of the Particulars of all such Salaries, Payments, of

* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Compenfitions, as have been made to the different Officers, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimplesham, in the Civil and Military, of the late Ordnance Establishment in-County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And; specifying the Persons to whom such Payments-

lfo, were made, the dates of their respective appointments, the

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Funds out of which, and the Warrants or Authority by for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Town- which the fame were paid, from the iff day of January ships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland cum 1799 *° the day of June 1804. tVoodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York', Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-without any Amendment: And also, count of the Salaries of the Directors General and other

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

Officers of the Inland Navigation of Ireland, since their appointment, specifying the names of the Persons appointed; as also an Account of the Expences incurred by them in purchasing or taking Houses or Offices for their meet-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ings, and for transacting their business, and futnishing the for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Charney, fame; specifying the Particulars of such Expences, and in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks; with- the Warrant or Authority under which the fame were in-out any Amendment: And also, curred.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Guiting, in the County of Gloucester; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ireland^—

Accounts

ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence Which has been incurred in maintaining the possession of the Cape of Good Hope, from the time it was surrendered to His Majesty’s Forces, to the time when it was delivered up in consequence of the late Treaty of Peace; distinguishing the Expence of the Go-’ Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His vernment established there, and the Military Expences by Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc- Sea and Land; also, an Account of the Revenues received tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of for the purposes of Government during the fame period, the Duties levied in the British West India Islands, for the

three years preceding the iftof January last, on the Impor- The House being informed that the Right hqnourablfe tation of Negroes from the Coast of Africa; and also, an John Charles VtlHers, who is come into possession of the Account of the Appropriation of the said Dufies. office of Chief Prothonotary of the Court of Common

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to 'His Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, which had been Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His granted to him in reversion, is desirous of knowing the Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. ienfe of the House, whether his feat in Parliament was

thereby become vacant;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy

of the names of the Commissioners appointed under an of the Grant under which Mr. is now in possession

Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting of the said Office.

Allowances to Bodies Corporate, and Individuals, in

respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall Ordered, That the Order of the day, for. the fecotfd cease to fend any Member to Parliament after the Union, reading of the Bill, for the better Regulation of the Woollen and to make Compensation to those Persons whose offices Cloth Manufacture in the County of York', be now read, may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value, and And the said Order being read accordingly;

of the.Salaries paid to the said Commissioners; and an Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon

Account of the Particulars of the foms paid to such other Wednesday next.

Persons as have been employed in the execution of the said Act. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an resolve itself into k Committee of the whole House, upon Account of the Particulars of Compensations awarded, by the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Ad-virtue of the said Act, to Persons whole offices were discon- ditional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for sup-tiiiued, or diminished in value, by the Union, distinguish- plying:His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual ing particularly the days on which such Compensations were Itcduftion of the Militia of Britain, be now read.

Account of Expence at the Cape of Good Hopei ordered.

Grant of Office of Prothonotaryi See* of Lancaster, ordered*

York shire Woollen Maaufattur* Bill, deferred.

Committee on Army Bill*

awarded, and the Persons by name to whom, and the dates of the respective Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments, under which such Persons respectively held the Offices, in right whereof such Compensations were awarded; and the Amount thereof in the whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, specifying

the particular days on which they respectively met since two Bills, if they think fit. thfir appointment, and of the several Claims, if any, which shall remain before them undisposed of at the time of making such Return, and of the times when such Claims were respectively preferred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of all Offices or Employments granted by patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant o‘f Ireland, Isom, the first day of January 1800 to the first day of June 1804; specifying whether any, and

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to divide the said Bill into

InstrufHon turn the Bill into Two.

A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House-divided.

The Noes went forth. '

Tellers for the Yeas f L

tellers for the Xeas,^ Secretary at War.

Tellers for the Noes,. Mr' ^.;v’ r

tMr. Lalcraft:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

3

219.

13

] l69-Then

333

Engl! fh Army Bill, reported.

Scotch Army Bill, reported.

i i

r

! 1

English and Scotch Mili* 1 tary Force Suspension Bill, deferred.

Infix Military Force Suf-pcnsion Bill, deferred.

Committee on King'* MeUage, deferred.

Supply,

ileicrred.

Way* and

Cleans,

deferred.

44 Geo. III.

11°—i2°y

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. - Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they had, pursuant to the power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into two Bills; and that the Committee had gone through one of the said Bills, for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander also reported'from the said Committee, That they had gone through the other of the said Bills, for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland; and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to fufoend, for a time to be limited, the operation of lo much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an additional Military Force, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Bailor, in England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be read the third time, upon this day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the operation of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise an Additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations, be read a second time, upon this day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the iothdayof May last into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Will,

Martis, 12° die;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A BILL for the amending and repairing several Roads Tavistock, leading from the Guildhall and Market-house in Ro^j‘ Bi, Tavistock to New Bridge, to Grejion Bridge, to Downtown committed* Gate, to RiccarcTs House, to Cherrybrcok and Dunnabridge Pound,- and to Morwellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee, ufion ' to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish inciofureBiil, of Ufton, in the County of Berks, was committed; rePorteJ-That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.1. 6 s. per annum,who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.1. os. 8 d. per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at jf.137. is. 10 d.per annum; and that no person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thfen a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Topcroft Topcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk, was read and Denton the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of 'Topcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

respecting the Corn Trade.

VOL. 59.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Petition from Limerick, was presented to the House, and read; setting Limerick, forth. That the Petitioners have observed, with the most serious apprehension, in the printed Report of the Committee on the Corn Trade, a proposition to raise the Average Prices at which Irish Corn is admissible into Great Britain, and that this measure, if carried into effect, would operate nearly as a prohibition to the Export of Grain to Great Britain ? And therefore praying. That the alterations proposed in the said Report may not pass into h Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Robert JVard reported from the Committee, to cureton* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efate Bill for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the will of Thomas Cureton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Amendment. Agreements entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his son, for the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered 4 Q * the

Lords

Amendments to Temple Guitfng Inclosure Bill, agreed to*

Pee Embankment Bill, passed.

Bill respecting Linen Trade, committed.

Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, committed.

Lincoln Inclosure and Drainage Bill,

committed#

334

the Bill, with the Amehdment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. $5. Leave out " June," and insert " August."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Gutting, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 5. After " any," insert " Dwelling-house."

1. 6. Leave out " equal," and insert " not " inferior."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River , within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of ‘ Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to prevent injury being done to the allotments of Land made, by virtue of an Act passed in the i 8th year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney was read the third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and for treating, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to prevent injury being done, as well to the allotments of Land made, by virtue of an Act passed in the eighteenth year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, as also to certain Lands, the property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the manufacture of the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of th^ whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 21ft day of this instant June, resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the City of Lincoln, and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham, S/cellingthorpe,

Saxilby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Haddow, in the county of ; and also, for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of was read

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A. 1804.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and York enlarge the powers of lb much of two Acts, passed in the R<£d* B! I>

8th and 29th years of His present Majesty, as relates to pa e * the Road from the City of York to the top of Ofivaldkirk Bank, in the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-ninth years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Ofivaldkirk Bank, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Roufby, Roufby Moor and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hindenvell, in the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kauffman’s for naturalizing Christian Henry Kauffman, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, 6cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all Imports into Great Britain from the West India Imports from Colonies, in the three last years, so far as the fame can be ^tonies^ made up; distinguishing each year. ordered.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do make the Report Attomie-, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the &c. indem-Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates, was committed.

Mr. Samuel Thornton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

s The other Order of the day being read, for the House Committwos to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, S'.11 ,or Abo upon the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a y'jve T«Jr. time to be limited; 1

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided. I

The Noes went forth.

<t* 11 c.l v C Sir Robert John Buxton)

Tellers for the Yeas, £ r. Banket: j

Tellers for the Noes, ! } *0.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the reipea’ine 4 whole Compcuu-

12° ju

t

Jknfwer to Addr^fles.

Cnnterbury I mprovement Bill, reported.

1

j Petition for 1 Leave to ' present a Petition for Man ton Inclosure.

44 Geo. III. I2n—13° Jw«7.

335

whole House, for the purpose of taking into consideration the mode of granting Compensation to luchof His Majesty’s Subjects as may be injured in their Property by the Abolition of the Slave Trade;

And His Majesty’s Recommendation not being signified to the said Motion;

Mr. Speaker declined putting the Question.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Anno 44* Georgii III. U Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopfordreported to the House, That their AddrelTes of the 23d day of April last, and of the 7th and nth days of this instant June (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the several Papers and Accounts therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly. '

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order (bme provision to be made for John Clementson, Esquire, late Deputy Serjeant

at Arms attending this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions as delired by the said Address.

Mr. Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in dt the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Frances Isabella , of Yokes Place, near Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, Widow, Committee of the Estate of William Dalifon, Esquire, a Lunatic, and John Blundell, Clerk, was presented to the House, and

read } setting forth, That there are within the Lordship of Manton, otherwise Mannton, in the County of Lincoln, several Open and uninclosed Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, Arable and other Grounds, and likewise divers ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads; and that, if the said Open Lands were inclosed, they might be much improved, and it would be further beneficial to the Petitioners, if such parts of the said Lands as are subjecb to Tythes were exonerated therefrom, and a proper compensation made in lieu thereof; and that the Petitioner, the said Frances Isabella Master, was only lately enabled to enter into an arrangement respecting the said Inclosure, the late Tenant having held the whole of the said Lordship under an agreement which the Petitioner was not enabled to put an end to till the death of the said Tenant, pending which Agreement no Inclosure could have been made with a due advantage to the said Lunatic’s interest, and difficulties having occurred in settling the terms of the said Inclosure, the lame could not be adjusted so as to enable the Petitioners to give the Notices required, or to present a Petition for effecting such Inclosure, before the time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed: Vol. 59.

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- Leave given.' stances let forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented Petition-to the Hbufe, and read; containing the fame Allegations PrelemeA; as the preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chaplin, Sir Gilbert Heathcote,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report whitwood 1 from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands Bl11’

in the Manor and Township of Whitwood, in the Parish of epor e ’ Featherftone, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said ' Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Mitford, Accounts from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- s£^nd tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Com, &c.

An Account of the quantities of Corn and Grain, Preftnted* Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into,

Scotland, for twenty-one years, from 5th January 1770 to 5th January 1791, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon; distinguishing each species in each year: And also,

An Account of the quantities of Corn and Grain,

Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into,

Scotland, for thirteen years, from 5th January 1791 to 5th January 1804, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and Duties received thereon; distinguishing each species in each year: And also.

An Account of the quantities ofvCorn and Grain,

Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported from, and imported into,

Scotland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th April 1804, being the latest period to which the fame can be made up, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon; distinguishing each species.

Together with duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabled

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Atfrespectinr Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes Bait India with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities, might be read, fuiered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider of

' ’ so

Considered.

Reported*

Bill ordered.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Totham Inclosure Bill, passed.

Petition of Mr. John Dayman, to he discharged.

Committee on Bill respecting Linen Trade.

336 13° Junii. . 1804.

To much of the said A ft as directs that all India Goods,

taken and condemned as Prize, shall be'exposed tofale in the City of London.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sturges Bourne accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the lale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

And Mr. Sturges Bourne moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool: And that Mr. Sturges , Mr.

Mr. Long, and Mr. Hufkiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, revive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Moore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Petition of John Dayman, late Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was Under Sheriff of the said County on the 9th day of March last, when an election took place for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lijkeard j and that the Petitioner, as such Under Sheriff, did, through inexperience in such matters, make a double return, contrary to his duty, and in violation of the Privileges of the House, for which he is extremely concerned, and humbly asses pardon for the fame: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to accept this his submission, and order him to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Dayman be brought to the Bar of this House Tommorrow, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the manufacture of the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the several Acts for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Fofter, Sir John Stuart, Mr. Ker, Sir James Stewart, Mr. Dawson, and Mr. Beres-ford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Fofter, and Mr. Bagwell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Expence of Prosecutions, by order of the Justices of the Peace in England and Wales, out of the County Rates, was re-committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " Friday next," and inserting, the words " this day three months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words " Friday " next," stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " this day * three months," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day three months.

3 A Message

Acts relating to the Linen Manufacturt of Ireland, to be eon-fidered.

Consideral.

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Aftrespecting the Exportation of Grain, &c. to Ireland, to be con fidered.

Con fidered.

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Bill to defray the Expence of Prosecutions our of the County Rates, put off for 3 Months.

The Lords have agreed to

Hnddin^ton Roads Bill.

Mrdron and Pickering Road Bill.

Derby, See. Roads Bill.

Renfrew, See. Roads Bill.

Swansea Railway Bill.

Westminster Court House Bill.

Shaddingfield Inclol'ure Bill.

Bringhurst,

Sic.

Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Simon hum Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Report, &c.

horn Committee on lri(b Currency.

44 Geo. III. i3

337

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending l'everal Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Gate, in the Town and Borough of Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the powers of two Act?, passed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, and in the 3d year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, to the Town of eter, in the County of Stafford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act. passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway qr Tram-road from the Town of Swansea,into the Parish of Oystermonth, in the County of Glamorgan; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, and for purchasing certain Buildings and

Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and

King Street, in the said City, for the use of the Public; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Shaddingfield Common, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of Bringhwjl, Great Easton, and Drayton, in the County of

Leicester; with forne Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonbiirn, in the County of Northumberland; with an Amendment j to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer- petition from chants trading to Africa, was presented to the House, and African read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been pre- for'i^ave’to vented from presenting a Petition to the House for such present a Grant as may be necessary for the maintenance of the *>etltion-British Settlements in Africa, in consequence of their not having received His Majesty’s consent within the time limited for receiving Private Petitions: And therefore praying, That they may have leave to present a petition for that purpose.

Ordered', That, in confederation of the particular circum- Leave given, fiance set forth in the said Petition* leave be giveri to present a Petition as desired;

Then a Petition of the Committee of the said Company being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting petitfon forth, That in consideration of the various increased expresented. penCes of the Establishments in Africa, under the management of the Petitioners, Parliament has, for some years, been pleased to grant an additional sum for support of the fame; and that the Inconveniencies still subsist, even in an increased degree, in consequence of the present War:

And therefore praying the House to grant such sum for the effectual suppdrt and maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements* as to them shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Yorkshire ing of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Woollen Woollen Cloth Manufacture, in the County of York; B^puto?

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, for 3 Months. That the said Bill be now read a second time

The House was moved. That the several Petitions of Clothworkers, or Shearmen, employed in the Woollen Manufacture in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset; and of Weavers employed in the said Manufacture, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, which were presented to

the House upon the 28 th day of May last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put, That the word " now"

{land part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " Upon " this day three months," be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day three months.

Mr. Fojlerreported from the Committee, appointed to

enquire into the State of Ireland as ro its Circulating Paper, Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Counsel its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Bill

that part of the United Kingdom and Great Britain, and to the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited, for AboHtion report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion there- was committed, the Amendments which the Committee of the slave upon, to the House * and who were empowered to report had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to the Minutes of Evidence taken before them, from time to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place $ time, to the Ho.use* That the Committee had considered and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make in at the Clerk’s Table.

a Report thereof to the House, together with a further OrdeThat the said Report be now read. Appendix to the Minutes of Evidence already before the Then the counsel against the Bill were called in.

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- And the said Report was read.

wards delivered the fame, together with the said Appendix, And the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others,

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. interested in the British West India Colonies; and also, the

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix do lie upon Petition of Edmund Pusey , Esquire, Agent for the the Table. Island of Jamaica; and also, the Petition of the Merchants,

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed Traders, and others, interested in the African Slave Tracfe. for the Members of the House. from the Port of Liverpool, were also read.

The said Report and Appendix are preferred amongst And one of the counsel for the first-medtioned Peti-the other Papers of this Session. tioners was in part heard.

N. B. A printed copy is with the original. And then the counsel were directed to withdraw.

Vol. 59. 4R And

338

13°—14°

A. 1804.

And being again called in;

The said counsel for the first-mentioned Petitioners was further heard.

And then the counsel were again directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken, that forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jfivis, 14° die

Anno 44° Georgii III'" Regis, i 804.

Prayers.

Manta TlyfR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom re'orted* 4V1. the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of

rePor Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of , was committed; and to whom the Petition of Morris Lord Rokeby; and allb, the Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of , in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 8f Common Rights, whorefufed tofign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 3^ Common Rights, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Common Rights belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are 34I); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the . Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

ufton An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

inclosure Bill, Ufton, in the County of Berks, was read the third time, paired. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ufton, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vanjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Kauffman’* Sir John William Anderfo reported from the Committee, Nat. Bill to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. An r'n>d.ed’and Act for naturalizing C Henry Kauffman, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry th'e Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the will of Thomas /imuidmenn11 Cure ton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Agreements entered into by John Esquire, his Son, for

'the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of and for the purchase of an Estate called The in the same County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Cureton's

Elhte bill

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Town of , Petition from

in the County of Cork, was presented to the House, and ^rpettirv the read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being concerned Corn Trad*, in the Corn Business, which is the staple trade of the said Town, have seen with much concern the Report of the Committee of the House, and the propositions for raising the Rates of Admission of Irish Grain into Great Britain; and that the said Rates would be highly injurious to Ireland: And therefore praying. That the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee, Report from appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Middlesex Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for ^fDeS'ing'h# the County of Middlesex, informed the House, That he Condua of a was directed by the Committee to report to the House, w‘tnef* that William llett, having been duly summoned, did not attend the Committee, and, when brought before the Committee this day, was guilty of gross misbehaviour ;and therefore that the said Committee had, according to the Power given them by an Act of the 28th year of His present Majesty, committed him to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William llett do, for his said offence. Hand committed to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take the said William llett to the said Committee when and as often as he shall be required by the Committee so to do.

Mr. Creevey reported from the Committee, to whom Southcote* the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate ®'11 . veiling certain Estates situate in the County of Norfolk, ,an devised by the will of Bridget Southcote, widow, deceased, in Trustees, for sale, and for laying out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of Estates in the County of Essex, to be settled to the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the latis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Creevey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordships or Gonerby Liberties of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little In£!°[ure

in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. I.35. To leave out from "convenient," to " that," in 1. 36.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended! at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordships of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His A dorr 8 for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give direc-tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of imported int* all the Silver imported into His Majesty’s Mint, and the the Mint.

13 Amount

44 Geo. III. 14° Junii. 339

r Amount of Silver Monies coined, from the 18th March 1797 to the 31ft December 1803; specifying the dates when the Bullion was received.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

r.johnD.iy- Mr John Dayman was, according to Order, brought to

IndeA and Bar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; charged, and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his Fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth;

Mr. John Dayman,

A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the last return for the Borough of IJfkeard, have reported. That you, being Under Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, in annexing to the Writ the Indenture complained of by the Petition of Mr. Hujkijfon, acted contrary to your duty, and in violation of the Privileges of Parliament: upon this charge you have been Jieard •, and the House, after hearing you, has resolved. That you are guilty of the offence laid to your charge, and has ordered you into the custody, where you now are.

The office of Sheriff is a trust of the highest importance to the Parliamentary Constitution of this Country; the impartial execution of its duties is indispensably necessary to the preservation of the Rights and Privileges of this House; and. all practices employed to falsify or delay the returns of Members to serve in Parliament demand the * severest examination.

Your professional education and general habits of life ought to have made you acquainted with the duties of the office which you undertook, or you should have abstained from it altogether; besides which, it is but too plain, from the fads in evidence, that your attention was awakened at the time to the illegality of the ad which you proceeded deliberately to commit.

This House nevertheless, in consideration of your alledged inexperience in such matters, and the contrition which you now feel for your offence; and hoping, that the public notice which your case has at traded may operate as a fa-lutary warning to others upon whom the like duties may devolve, has ordered that you be now discharged; and you are discharged accordingly, paying your Fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradic That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Mr. John Dayman, be entered in the Journal of this House.

lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

to'smonbum Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An inclosureBill, Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the jgreed to. County of Northumberland.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 6. Leave out from " Commissioners," to

" and, " in 1. 12.

The laid Amendment being read a second time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

s*anf«a An ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the pow-

Harbour Bill, ers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of passed. jea^ jn tjje County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the application of Compensation Money, when above £. 2

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Quef-tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the application of Compensation Money, when under £. 200. and above £ 20.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Vo 1. 59.

Bill, by way of Ryder, for the application of Compensation Money when under £.20.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that if any Question shall arise touching the title to Lands, the person in possession shall be deemed to be entitled thereto.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that the Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid by the Trustees in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 11. After " mentioned," to insert " over and " above such part of the fame expence " as shall be paid by the 'Rates and " Duties granted by the said first-re-" cited Ad, and the money borrowed,

" and to be borrowed under the authority thereof."

Pr. 14. 1. 24. To leave out from " Duties," to " to," in I. 29.

1. 31. After " be," to insert " first."

1. 32. To leave out from c< of," to " the," in

1- 37-

Pr. 15. 1. 1. To leave out from " Money," to " which," in I. 2

1. 6. After " then," to insert " together with " the Rates and Duties granted by the " said first-recited Act, and the money " borrowed, or to be borrowed under * the same Act (but subject and with-" out prejudice to the Rights of the Creditors of the said Trust, and the " means given by the said recited Acts " or either of them, for recovering the * money due to them, and subject to " the expence of maintaining the Light-" houses at the Mumbles, and at the " Pier Head, and subject and without " prejudice to the powers vested in the " said Trustees, of applying the Rates and Duties granted by the said first-" recited Act, and the money borrowed,

" and to be borrowed under the autho-" nty thereof, in removing paddocks " and other obstrudions, in or near " the said Harbour of Szvanfea."

Pr. 15. 1. 37. To leave out frevn " Ad," to the end of 1. 19. in Press 16.

Pr. 19. 1. 4. After " of," to, insert " the Rates and " Duties hereby granted, or out of."

1. c. To leave out from " of," to " this," in 1. 6.

Pr. 28. 1. 5. To leave out from " Ad," to " And," in 1. 20.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Fojicr presented to the House, according to Order, Irish a Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manu-

facture presented.

The Lord* have agreed to

Irish Public AccountsBill*

Glasgow and Redburn Bridge Roads Bill* with an Amendment.

Carlby IsclofureBill, with Amend* menu.

Cromford, See. Road Bill, reported*

Attornies,*&c» Indemnity Bill, passed*

R -port from Courniiitee resprcting the Duty on M.dt made Dorn Barley.

340 14° Ju A. 1804.

fefture of Irelands And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the " term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts re-* lating to the Road from Gla/g to Redburn Bridge, and " for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned;" and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords delire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Auttby within, or adjoining

to, the same Parish; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzvin do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amend ing^ widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Market Place in Crom/ord, to the Five lane Ends at the Guide

Poll on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley by Grange Mill,to New/iaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby, was committed.

Mr. Baldwin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, ThsLt the ingrossed Bill to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates, be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee appointed to enquire whether any, and what difference ought to be allowed in the rate of Duty payable on Malt made from Barley of the growth of England, and from Barley and Bigg of the growth of Scotland; That the Committee had considered the matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the 4

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that it was necessary to make feme alterations in the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be recommitted to the same Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Observations on the matter referred to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for set-u tling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Work-" men engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of " Great Britain called Englandwas, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the sale of certain East India Prize Goods, in the Port of Liverpool: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reporjt in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in consequence of various Persons having subscribed the sum of £. 107,800, and on their application to Parliament, an Act was passed in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll-, and that the work was begun in 1794, and carried on during the several years lince elapsed, but greater difficulties were found in the execution than had been expected, and, in the mean time, the great rife which took place in wages, and in the price of materials, augmented the expence so as greatly to exceed the Estimates; and that, owing to the pressure of the times, many of the Subscribers became unable to pay their Subscriptions, by which the Funds were diminished £. 15,250.; and that in consequence of

this defalcation, the Petitioners, on the Bond of some individual Subscribers, obtained, in the year 1795, a credit from the Briti/k Linen Company, whereon there was advanced, to the 31st of December 1803, £.5,027. 4J. which, with the Interest since accrued, mull be paid immediately; and that the Petitioners, in 1799, applied to Government for a Loan, to enable them to finish this Canal, and an Act passed, authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance £. 25,000. out of the Money arising from the sale of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, for which a preferable security exists on the said Canal; and that the Petitioners, having obtained another Act in 1799, to enable them to raise mors money, several

Re com-

Inflrutfioit.

Bill respetf: a Cotton Manufacture committed.

Bill respecting East India Prize Good*, presented.

Bill respeSinj Linen Trade, reported.

Petition of C’ir.an Canal Company, for Leave to present a Petition*

1

44 Geo. III. 14 ° Junii341

of the original Subscribers did advance, under the authority of that Act, the sum of £.9,900.; and that the money already expended on this National Work amounts to £. 140,610.-13 r. of which sum the Subscribers have furnished £.98,336. 15.1. \e>d.without having received any Interest upon their advances: the remainder has arisen from the Loans from Government, and from the British Linen Company, from new Subscriptions, and from Tolls collected on the Navigation, and there is due to several Contractors and others £. 5,403. 9 or thereabouts;

and that the Governor and Directors of the said Company, in order to ascertain what sum would still be necessary to completely finish the said Canal, directed Mr. Thomas ford, Engineer, last Summer, to inspect the whole work, and make a Report; and after such inspection, he did communicate to Mr. William Jeffop, Engineer, all the fafts and information he was able to collect; and these two Engineers have made a joint Report, by which it appears that the sum of £.12,787. will be required for finUhing the Canal, and for making a Dry Dock at for repairing

Ships; and that the Petitioners have, in vain, endeavoured to raise amongst themselves, or by borrowing the money necessary for completing the Canal, and paying the British Linen Company, and their other Creditors, and are therefore induced to lay their case before the House, hoping that if it shall be made appear that the said Canal is particularly entitled to the aid of Parliament, and that there is no other means of completing it but by a Public Loan, their application for such aid will be favourably received: And that the Canal has been made of large dimensions, being twelve feet deep on the fills of the locks, for allowing Sea-built Vessels, carrying from 200 to 250 tons, to pass freely; and that the Canal was opened, for the passage of Vessels, on the 18th of July 1801, but at that time it was not safe to fill it with water to a greater depth than eight feet, and Vessels of above 80 tons have since passed; but, as some works are necessary to make the entrance to the Canal safe at the East end from Loch and as there is a want of the full depth of water, the number of Vessels passing the Canal have not yet been so great as there is reason to believe it will be when all the obstructions are removed; and that, from inspection of the Map of Scotland, it will appear, that by means of this Canal, Vessels can pass from the Westward to and from

to the Atlantic, without making the circuit of the Mull of Cantyre, which requires different winds and tides, and by which Vessels have often been detained for many weeks, whereas by the Crinan Canal they will be always sure of a passage in a few hours; and that this Canal will also be of great benefit to that National object the Herring Fishery, because Bufles and Vessels on the East fide of the Island can pass by the Forth and Clyde Navigation to the Crinan Canal, and can, with certainty, arrive at the Fishing-grounds on the North-weft Coasts of Scotland in a very short time, without depending on changes of wind, and in like manner Vessels can pass from the Westward to the Eastern Fisheries; and that by this Canal, a direct and short communication will be opened from all the Western islands and the North-weft Coast of Scotland to Glasgow, and thence to Leith and Edinburgh, for conveying the various commodities produced in those quarters, and for the conveyance back to theft Western places of Coal for fuel, and of Lime for the cultivation of Land, which they arefo much in want of; but above all, that this commmuni-cation will connect, in a very important manner, with the intended Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, which it will join, and by which means Ships, going to or coming from Ireland and the Weft of England in the Baltic Trade, will have a lufe passage, without being exposed to the severe gales and heavy seas from the ocean when going Northward, or coming Southward; and that this National Work might have been profitable to the Subscribers, if they had made the Canal of small dimensions, but they were desirous that it might answer for large Vessels engaged in Foreign Trade, by which the expence was so very much increased, as to leave them a small prospect of any reasonable interest for their money, unless, by the good effects it shall produce to the community, the traffic by this Canal shall very much increase: And that the Governor and Directors have Vot. 59.

been at pains to ascertain what may be eXpefted to be the amount of Tolls when the Canal is completed; and from the best authority they have reason to believe, that, at the rate of Tolls allowed by the Act, they will amount to nearly £. 9,000 annually; and that the Revenue which the Petitioners believe the Canal will produce, according to a reasonable proportion of the species of goods and commodities now carried by sea, and which cannot fail to pass by it, will be an ample security to the Public for the additional Loan for which the Petitioners are obliged to apply. They might i perhaps have been justified in requesting a grant of Public I Money, instead of which they only apply for a further Loan, in,order to enable them to complete a work from which, even when finished, they, as Subscribers, expect to derive but little benefit, in comparison with that which will accrue to the Public; and that, on the other hand, if the Canal should be (topped, and go to ruin for want of the additional Loan now requested, the community will not only be deprived of the great advantages which would arise from it to Commerce, to the fisheries, and to the improvement of the Western islands and North-weft Coast of Scotland, but the money which by Parliament has been already furnished the Petitioners as a Loan must be entirely loft; and that the Petitioners, for various reasons, could not obtain the consent of the Lords of the Treasury to this application till after the time appointed by the House for receiving Private Petitions had elapsed, and it will be a great lo(s to the Petitioners and to the Public, if this business is delayed till next Session of Parliament: And therefore praying the House for leave to present a Petition, for the above purposes.

•Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said Company of Proprietors, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; con- Petition,-taining the lame Allegations as the last preceding Petition; Panted, and praying for such relief, by a Loan of a sum of Money, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it ft'referred to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. William Dtmdas, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Woollen Session of Parliament, to suspend, until the ift day of ^""nflon1* July 1804, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Bilfordeied. Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill further to suspend the operation of the said Acts, for a time to be limited: And that Mr. Henry and Admiral

Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported" from the Com- Recommit-mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to rej,'0nrtei e’ consider of so much of the (evcral Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, and to report th*> fame, with their Obfer-4 S vations

y

342 14° JunA. 1804.

vations thereupon, to the House; and to whom the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to the House in the present Session of Parliament, respecting Corn, Grain, and Malt, were referred; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry touching the matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follow-ethj viz.

Your Committee have, in pursuance of the Instructions which they received, proceeded to examine the Act of the 31st of the King, and to take, from the best information they could obtain, a Comparative View of the Price of Labour, and of the unavoidable Expences incident to the Grower, in the year 1791, and at this time; as the best criterion by which they might judge of what ought to be the price of the different l'pecies of Grain, allowing to the - Grower such a fair and reasonable profit, as may induce him to pursue that line of husbandry which will the most contribute to the production of such an ample supply of the different kinds of Com and Grain, as may be sufficient for our consumption. This suppty cannot be expected without a considerable surplus, in plentiful years, above the demand of the Home Market; it therefore becomes definable that the Grower should have such a ready sale for that surplus by Exportation, and Bounty if requisite, as may remove all apprehension of his not being able to obtain, from a glut of the commodity at the Home Market, such a price for that surplus as will afford him an equitable profit on his labour, industry, and capital, employed in its production. It appears, then, to Your Committee, that the surest mode by which an ample supply can be expected, is to endeavour to secure an uniform and reasonable price to the Growers.

Your Committee find, That the Act passed in 1791, giving a power to the King in Council, when Parliament is not fitting, of prohibiting the exportation of Corn, if the average price thereof, taken from the Return of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the price at or above which Foreign Corn of the fame fort is allowed to be imported at the Low Duties; and to permit generally, for three months certain, the Importation of such fort on the lowest Duties then payable, ought never to be exercised but upon a strong and incontrovertible necessity; as it may otherwise operate as a great discouragement to the growth and production of Corn in this Kingdom, by rendering the Market uncertain, by making the Export Trade liable to be flopped, and by enabling a general Import of Foreign Corn to be poured into the Kingdom for the term of three months, at so small a variation and advance of price in the Home Market, as may perhaps be occasioned for the purpose of producing that effect.

Your Committee are cautious of recommending a repeal of that part of the Act, left a necessity for the exercise of that power might possibly arise, thinking it better under such circumstances, that it should be exercised according to Law, than in opposition to it: in full confidence, that by due encouragement to the Agriculture of the Country, and by bringing the Crown and Waste Lands into cultivation, the produCV of the growth of Corn in the United Kingdom will afford such regular and ample supply for its consumption, as to admit the repeal of that power given to His Majesty’s Privy Council, without the danger of any detriment arising therefrom to the Public.

It appears to Your Committee, That the price of Corn from 1791 to the harvest of 1803, has been very irregular, but upon an average, increased in a great degree by the years of scarcity, has in general yielded a fair profit to the Grower. The casual high prices, however, have had the effect of stimulating industry, and bringing.into cultivation large tracts of Waste Land, which, combined with the two last productive seasons, and other causes, have occasioned such a depression in the value of Grain, as it is feared will greatly tend to the discouragement of Agriculture, unless maintained by the support of Parliament.

Your Committee therefore recommend the Tables hereto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) to be adopted instead of those in the Act of the 31st of the King, as more fitted to the circumstances of the present times, except so far as relates to the Import and Export from and to Ireland; and Your Committee recommend as a necessary measur, that the Import to Ireland from Foreign parts, and the Export from Ireland to Foreign parts, should be regulated at the same time upon the fame scale, and to a proportionate amount, as in the annexed Tables, calculated on Irish measure, and in Irish money.

It appears further to Your Committee, That the aggregate average prices of the twelve Maritime Districts of England, and of the four Maritime Districts of Scotland, as particularized in the Act of 1791, is the proper rule by which the Tables for regulating the Import of Corn into Great Britain ought to be governed, and that the Export from each District should continue to be governed, as it now is, by the regulations of that Act; and that the Duties payable on Foreign Corn imported into any District where the average price thereof is below the aggregate average price of the twelve and of the four Districts respectively, should be governed by the average price of such District, pursuant to the annexed Tables, and ascertained by the Act of 1791.

Your Committee have been induced to make an alteration in the proportion of the Export prices of Barley, from its being subject to increased Taxation, from which other Grains have been exempt; and further state, that it appears to them, that there has been a balance in favour of Barley for the last thirty-four years, while the balance has been in favour of the Importation of Wheat and Oats. From this circumstance. Your Committee have drawn the conclusion, that that immediate Relief will not be afforded to the Growers of Barley, which it is conceived the Growers of Wheat will receive, by the alterations in the Importation Table.

The object of Your Committee, in fixing the price at which the Ports shall be open for the general Importation of Corn so much higher than the price at which it is permitted to be exported, is to encourage the surplus of one District to be tent for the supply of another in want of ir, that the Import into one part of the Kingdom, and the Export from another at the same time, may thereby be checked, and the prices throughout the Kingdom be made more equal.

With this view, Your Committee recommend the adoption of measures calculated to promote the interests of the Grower, conceiving that a due encouragement to Agriculture is the best and most effectual mode of ensuring to the Consumcr an adequate and regular supply, at a reasonable rate, as well as of obviating those frequent fluctuations in price so injurious both to the Grower and the Public; and also in future to secure to this Country, as far as poflibie, the advantage of such enormous sums, as Your Committee find, have exceeded Thirty Millions in the last thirteen years, which sums, employed in the purchase of Corn abroad, cannot fail to have operated as a Bounty upon the Agriculture of Foreign Countries, to the detriment of our own: whereas it appears by the Corn Returns, that in the course of years when the regulations were most favourable to the Growers, and when the lead check was put upon the trade, the Export of Corn from this Kingdom, for more than sixty years in succession, produced annually Six or Seven hundred thousand Pounds, leaving besides, at a regular moderate price, an ample sufficiency for the Home consumption.

Table

44 Gfo. Ill

343

14° JuniL

Table (A.'—Shewing the Prices to which the Scale of Bounty is to attach oh the Export of Corn, Ground Corn, Flour or Meal,

Malt, &c. and the Prices at which the Exportation is prohibited.

When Exported to any Foreign Country, Wheat. Rye. Pease and Beans. Barley, Beer, or B*gg- Oats. Wheat Flour, &c. i. e. Biscuit. Wheat Meal. Rye Meal, or Flour. Barley, Beer or Bigg Meal. Oatmeal.

/. dm s. d. 2. dm 2. dm

If at or under - - per quarter 48. 0. - 3a. 0. - - - - 28. 0. - l6. O.

2. d. s. d. 2. it. 2. dm 2. d $. d. 2. dm 2. dm 2. dm

High Bounty - - - - 5. 0 - 3. 0. - - - - 2. 6. * 1m O. per cwt. 1. 6. per cWt. i. 3. pel* cwt. 0. 9. perewt. 0. 10. per cwt. 1. 0.

If above ----- 48. 0. - 3a. c. - - - - 28. 0. - 16. 0.

and not exceeding - - - 52. 0. - 34. 0. - - - - 30* 0. - 18. 0.

Low Bounty - 2. 6 - 1..6. - - . - 1. 3. - 1. 0. per cwt. 0. d. perewt. 0. 7.} per cwt. 0. 44 perewt. 0. c. per cwt. 0. 6.

2. dm 2. dm 8m dm 2. dm 2. dm S. dm

If above ----- 52. 0. - 34. 0. - 34. O. - 30, 0. - 18. 0. - 1 1 d tA 52. 0. - - 34. 0. - - 32. O. - - 18. 0. - -

No Export allowable. " ■

Table (B.)—Shewing the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to take place on Importation.

When Imported from the Province of Q»ebect or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

Jf under

- - per quarter

High Duty - - D°

If at, or abotc bat under -

per quarter - D° -

First Low Duty

If at, or above - per quarter

Second Low Duty - -

When Imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under -

High Duty

If at, or above but under - -

First Low Duty -

If at, or above - per quarter Second Low Duty - -

per quarter

per quarter - D° -

Wheat.

6i.

6f.

65.

a. d. 24. 3.

2. 6.

6j.

o. 6.

63.

2. d. - - 24. 3.

63. -

66. -

2. 6.

66.

o. 6.

Importation of Wheat Meal and

Flour to be governed as follows:

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

2. d.

High Duty per cwt. 6. 6.

First Low Duty - 1.6.

Second D° - - - o. 2.

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

St d*

High Duty - - - 6. 6.

First Low D° - - 1.6.

Second D* - - - 1. o.

Malt made of Wheat—Prohibited

Rye, Pease, Beans.

a.

40.

2. d. 22. o.

4°.

43-

1. 6.

43-

o. 3.

a.

42.

8, d.

22. O.

42,

44.

1. 6.

44-

o. 3.

Rye Ground, or Malt made of Rye; Pease ground, and Beans ground—-Prohibited.

Barley, Beer or Bigg.

s. d. 30. 6.

30. 6. 32. 6.

2. d. 22. o.

1. 3.

32. 6.

o. 3.

2. dm

31. 6.

2. d. 22. o.

31. 6.

33. o.

I. 3.

33-

o. 3.

Oats.

2.

20.

20.

21.

2. dm

6. 7.

1. o.

21.

o. 2,

2.

21.

21.

22.

2. dm

6. 7.

t. o.

22. —

- - o. 2.

Importation of Indian Com or

Maize to be governed by the

Price of Barley, as follows:

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in Norths America,

/ 2. dm

High Duty - pr qr 22. o.

First Low D* - - 1.3.

Second D° - - - o. 3.

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

2. d.

High Duty - prqr 22. o.

First Low D# - - 1.3.

Second D° - - - o. 3.

Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg—Prohibited.

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under - per Boll of 140 lbs.*} avoirdupois, or f 128 lbs. Scotch £ Troy - - -for every Boll,

High Duty - - - -If at, or above - - per Boll but under - - - - D°

First Low Duty - , - -If at, or above - * per Boll Second Low Duty -

When imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under - - - - per Boll

High Duty ——

If at, or above - - per Boll but under - - - - D°

First Low Duty - . -

If at, or above - - per Boll Second Low Doty - -

Oatmeal.

Malt made * of Oats

Prohibited.

2.

«9-

«9-

20.

20.

2. dm

8. o.

1. o.

o. 2.

2.

20.

20.

21.

21.

2. dm

8. o.

1. o.

o. 6*

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Mem-consideration upon Tuesday next. bers of the House.

Vol. 59.

The

T\.<- Tifh Army Bill, recommitted.

Considered.

Scotch Array Bill, deferred.

Accounts ordered;

Army of Reserve.

Militia.

Cambridge ami Ely Road Bill, passed.

Manea

Inclol'ure

Bill, palfed!

344

14°—15° yunii.

A. 1804.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords consideration the Report of the Bill for establishing and Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence Act for repealing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His and Kear-un of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Brid?« R0..6 Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of " term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts re- iJlll»a£reedw-England; " lating to the Road from to , and

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair, of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report of the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the numbers wanting to complete the Army of Reserve; specifying the members deficient of the quota of each County.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the numbers wanting to complete the Militia; specifying the numbers deficient of the quota of each County.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris 15° die;

Anno 44# Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804. Prayers,

AN ingossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Li/tleport, and from Littleport to Chequer Corner in in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

" for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads.

And the said Amendment was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 48. 7-1 After " respectively," insert Cause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That in case " the person or persons to whom any " sum or sums of Money shall be " awarded for the purchase of any " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, to be purchased by virtue of " this Act, shall refuse to accept the " fame, or shall not be able to make " a good Title to the Premises, to the " satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in " case such person or persons to whom " such sum or sums of Money shall be " so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be " found, or if the person or persons " entitled to such Lands, Tene-" ments, or Hereditaments, be not " known or discovered, then and in " every such case it shall and may be " lawful to and for the said Trustees, "or any three or more of them, to " order the said sum or sums of Money, " so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid " into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal " Bank of Scotland, to the credit of " the parties interested in the said " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments (describing them) subject to " theorder,controul, and disposition of " the Court of Session, which laid Court, " on the application of any person or " persons making claim to such sum " or sums of Money, or any part there-" of, by Petition, shall be and is here-" by empowered in a summary way of " proceeding, or otherwise, as to the " lame Court shall seem meet, to " order the same to be laid out and " inverted in the Public Funds, and " to order distribution thereof, orpay-" ment of the Dividends thereof, according to the letpeftive Estate or " Estates, Title or Interest, of the person " or persons making claim thereunto, " and to make such other Order in the " premises as to the said Court shall " seem just and reasonable; and the " Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of " Scotland, or Royal Brink of Scotland, " who shall receive such sum or sums " of Money, is and are hereby required " to give a Receipt or Receipts for " such sum or sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and " for whole use, the fame is or are re-" ceived, to such person or persons as " shall pay any such sum or sums of " Money into the Bank as aforesaid." The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houie.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Ille of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in

the Ifie of Ely, and County of Cambridge. The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amen(jments

Ordered, That -Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, toB*?nghurrt, Lords, and desire their concurrence. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or

° 1 r 1 1 Inclosure Bill,

xidmlcts agreed to.

Lords

44 Geo. III. 15° Ju. 345

Hamlets of Bringhurst, Great and Drayton, in the County of Leicester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 20. After " Act," insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case there shall be any surplus of the , " Money so to be charged on such

" Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, and " old inclosed Lands, after such Pay-" ment as aforesaid, then and in such " case such surplus Money shall be " divided between the Owners of such " Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, and " oldinclofedLands, according to their " several and respective Rights and Interests therein, or otherwise the fame ' " Hull be paid and applied in the fame

" manner as is directed by the said re-" cited Act with respect to Money " thereby directed to be paid and applied, for the purchase or exchange of " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, or of any Timber or Wood " growing thereon, and which Money " ought to be laid out in the purchase " of other Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments, to be settled to the " same uses."

Pr. 35. 1. 2. After "maintained," insert "Provided " always, that no such Brook or " Stream shall be diverted or turned " without the consent of the Owner or " Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors " of the Lands and Grounds, from " which any such Brook or Stream " shall be diverted, and into which " any such Brook or Stream shall be " turned."

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords) and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

toCirfb"*"1* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, lndoiure Bill, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the ajreed to. County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby within, or

, adjoining to, the same Parish.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1.23. Leave out " final."

Pr. 26.1.37. After " aforesaid" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case there shall be any surplus of " the Money so to be charged on the - " Messuages, Gardens, Orchards, or

" old inclosed Lands, after such Pay-" ment as aforesaid, then and in such " case such surplus Money shall be di-" vided between the Owners of such ' " Messuages, Gardens, Orchards, or

{ " old inclosed Lands, according to

• " their several and respective Rights

" and Interests therein, or otherwise " the same shall be paid and applied " in the lame manner as is directed by " the said recited Act with respect to * Money thereby directed to be paid " and applied, for the purchase or exchange of Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments, or of any Timber or " Wood growing thereon, and which " Money ought to be laid out in the purchase of other Lands, Tenements, " or Hereditaments, to be settled to " the same uses."

VOL. 59.

Pr. 32. 1.34- Leave out from " ," to "and," in

line 37.

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ba/dzvin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and Cromford,&c. improving the Road, leading from the Market Place in Roid BlU» Cromford, to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on

Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads, branching from the said Road, one up the Valley by Grange Mill, to New haven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of all in the County of Derby, was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford, to the Five Lane Ends, at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange ,to Newhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of IVirksworth, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom Chippenham the Bill for more effectually improving the Road from Road Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the top of * ,report Togg Hill, in the County of Glouceflerand several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Sotnerfet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therer unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards dev livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to stane* Brlrfg* whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31 ft year of Bill, reported. His present Majesty, for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of sex and Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire whether any. Duty 011 and what difference ought to be allowed in the rate of Duty payable on Malt, made from Barley of the growth of Eng- imported. ey*' land, and from Barley and Bigg of the growth of Scotland; and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House; and who were empowered to report their Observations on the matter referred to them, together with their Opinion thereupon; That the Committee had further considered the matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report 4 T was

346

15" fi

A. 1804.

Accounts of Imports from West Indies, presented.

was read; and the Refutations of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Bigg js an inferior species of Barley; that ic is principally grown in Scotland, in situations improper for the growth of a better lort of grain; that in ordinary years it is used for the purpose of making Malt, but that in seasons unfavourable to the ripening of Oats, it is the chief resource of the Inhabitants for food: It is therefore the Opinion of this Committee, that it would be impolitic to discourage the cultivation thereof, by imposing the lame rate of Duty on Malt made from that article, as from or Scotch Barley.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there ought to be a deduction from the Duties imposed in 1802 and 1803, in favour of Scotch Bigg, to the amount of one-third thereof.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the average of twelve years prior to 1804, the Barley of Scotland was inferior, in point of price, to the Barley of England, at the rate of 7 2 id. per quarter, or to the

amount of 19? fer-centum', and that the difference, in point of Duty, is at present at the rate of 15 per-centum. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report and Appendix, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed copy is with the original.

The House b^ing informed that Mr. Irving, InspeClor General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all West India Produce imported into Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804 (the In.test period to which the Account can be made up); distinguishing the several kinds of such Produce, and the value thereof, with the Duty paid or payable thereon: And also.

An Account of all Imports into Great Britain from the West India Colonies, in the three last years, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing each year.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill further to suspend the operation of an Act, pafl'ed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, until the 1 ft day of July 1S04, " proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings " under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufac-" ture; and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen " Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain persons " employed or concerned in the said Manufacture And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

AmpieSorth . A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Township or indofureUil), Townships and Territories and Oswaldkirk,

committed. in the £ounty of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Woollen

Manufacture

Suspension

Bill,

presented.

Netherdale A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Net her dale, indofure Bill, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork, was read a

commuted. second tjmc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Wh it wood, in the Parish of Featherfonc, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Bill toen^ir Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery ne- tN]rex^:o: ceflary for erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King Machinery of Denmark: And that Mr. SturgesBourne, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, pursuant to 1.5ft of the directions of an Act of Parliament, fcomp^oU-

A Lift of the Accounts delivered into the office of the of Arn*y Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, since the ;th Accounts)

• J * p relented

day of January 1793, whereon any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the progress made upon their respective Accounts, together with the time when they were respectively delivered in and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying also, the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and date of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as arc still unpaid, so far as the fame can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; together with a duplicate thereof.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sturges Bourne also presented to the House, pursuant Accounts to their Orders, to

An Account of the Amount of the Harbour Dues levied cf Mm. in the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of presented. July 1803; distinguishing the Harbour Duescolledledat the respective Ports oi Derby Haven, Douglas, and Ramsay;

and distinguishing the Amount in each year: And also.

An Account of the Expenditure by the Commissioners of Harbours of the sums 1b collected, from (he 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the Amount in each year: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Herring Customs and Bay Fishings, from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of Jul>' 1803 •> distinguishing the Amount in each year.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papeis of this Session.

A Me ft age from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pcpys The Lords and Mr. Harvey: delire the

Mr. Speaker, _

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, the Co.nh, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased ^tuiid. to communicate to their Lordships, a copy of the Third and Fourth Reports of the Committee appointed by this House, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coatls and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, was referred.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a copy cop-.- fen: to of the said Reports, as desired by their Lordships. the

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

whitwood An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- BillrtfpfRHj jncioiure Bill, Township of Whitevood,in the Parish of Featherstone,in the ing of the ingrossed Bill to exempt from Duties, on Ex-

pfltJ. West Riding of the County of York, was read the third port, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United King- P* * time. dom, be now read.

And

44 Geo. III.

15°—18° Juniu

347

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Irith Linen Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the eominitted. Linen Manufacture of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill refyefUng Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Prize1 Goods reac^n§ of she Bill for allowing the sale of certain East India committ&d.* Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas* "r' ^retary at War, )

(Mr Canning

Tellers for the Nocs,^r'

(Mr. Kinnatrd.

63-

69.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Amendments be read a second time upon this day three months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " this day three months," and inserting the words " Monday next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words " this day " three months" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for, he Yeas

Teller, for the Noesi at War*

( Mr. Long:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " Mon-" day next " be inserted instead thereof; 1

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be read a second time upon Monday next.

186.

214.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next,'Counfeltobe proceed in the further hearing of counlel, upon the Report of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time of Slave to be limited. Trade BilL

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to defemd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-

' flder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-Metiage, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take deferred! His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 10th day of May last into consideration;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys have agreed to and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

Amendment The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by tocuretou-s this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the El te 1 " Executors and Trustees of the will of 'Thomas Cureton, Esquire, to carry intoexecution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his son, for the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

English ’ Mr. Henry Alexander,according to Order, reported from

Army Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported. establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force, for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England,was re-committed, the Amendments

which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Vol. 59.

Lunce, 18° die Junii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for more effectually improving the Chippenham Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, Bridge Road to the top of ToggHill, in the County of Gloucester, and Bill' Paffc<1‘ several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerfei, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the top of Togg Hill,in the County of Gloucester, and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerfei.

Ordered, That Mr. Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant brfng in to the prayer of the Petition of several Persons interested Sainton in the Commons, Waste Grounds, and ancient Inclosures, inciofure-Bill. in the Parish of Stainton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, Bill presente<L a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stainton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord*

Popham: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Market to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of

two

A. 1804.

348

18° Junii.

Topcroft and Denton Inclosure Bill.

Alverton Inclosure Bill.

Binbrooke,

&c.

Inclosure Bill.

Romsey

Inclosure JJill, with

Amendments.

Deptford-Paring Bill, with an Amendment.

two Acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry; without any Amendment: And also.

Dee Embank- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ment Bill. for more effeCluaily maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden,in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and works to prevent injury being done, as well to the Allotments of Land, made, by virtue of an Act passed in the eighteenth year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, as also to certain Lands the property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet; without any Amend- , ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Topcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to tile Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Romsey , in the County of Southampton; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, deanfing, lighting, arid watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public pafl’agesand places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William of the City of,

Victualler, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is now in the custody of the Serjeant at Arms for improper conduct before the Committee on the Middlesex Election, and that he is fully convinced of the heinousness of his offence, and humbly alks pardon for the fame; and that his wife is now in so advanced a Hate of pregnancy, as to be unable to tranlaCl any business, and he has no one besides to assist him; and that his trade requires the moll conllant attention, and his absence from it, for any length of time, would involve him in inevitable ruin: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to order him to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said William Ilett be brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

William Ilett was accordingly brought to the Bar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his Fees.

St. Martin’* Burial Ground Bill, reported.

Petition of William Urn, to be djicharged.

Reprimanded

and discharged#

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

William Ilett,

A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Middlesex Election, have reported, That you, having been duly summoned, did not attend the said Committee; and that afterwards, when you appeared before them, you were guilty of gross milbeha-viour; for that cause you were by them committed to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and in his custody this House ordered you to remain.

Your conduct appears to have been contumacious in the extreme, regardless alike of the Authority of this Houl'c, and of the proper deportment to be observed by every man who is called upon to give his testimony upon oath in Courts of Justice.

Such misbehaviour demands severe reprehension; but, by the fobmission you have now made, and the charges and inconveniencies you have suffered by your imprisonment, it is hoped that you have received a sufficient admonition to make you, lor the rest of your life, pay a prompt and respectful obedience to the Laws of your Country.

This House has ordered, that you be now discharged; and you are discharged accordingly, paying your Fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said William Ilett, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second woollen reading of the Bill further to suspend the operation of an M-mufeaure Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, SUBiuf 0,1 " An Act to suspend, until the ill day of July 1804, Pro- committtd. " ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings " under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture;

" and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

" so far as the lame relates to certain persons employed or " concerned in the said Manufacture," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- rrlfh Eieftio# ing of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parlia- Bill, put off •ment of Ireland in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for3 for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the fame relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day three months.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Or<?erfor Friday last, * That leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Bili w

able Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Ma- Machinery* (t chinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the dominions discharged,

" of the King of Denmark," might be read. ^je^ther

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for the erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark:

And that Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according to Presented. Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Notice being taken that the Account of all Additions Account of which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Pub-lie Debt, by the Interestofany Loan that hath been made, w.tiutr. wn.

or

and another ordered.

Prc fented.

Appendix.

(No. 51.)

Irish Revenue Bill, deferred.

Accounts relating to 4* per Cent. Duties, &c. pre fented.

Appendix.

(No. 52.)

Committee on Bill respecting E.ilt India Prize Goods.

Petition & Bill*

44 Gf.o. III. 18° Jumi.

or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act, 27 Geo. 1H. cap. 13. as required by the 72d fed ion of the said Act; and also,an Estimate of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the year ended the 5 th day of January 1804, which was presented to the House upon the 18th day of April last, was imperfect;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and a proper Account presented instead thereof.

Mr. Hujhijfonpresented to the House, pursuant to their

Older, the said Account; with a duplicate thereof.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, 1'hat the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix fb this volume. ‘

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoi^ the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, feveraPAds for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. HuJkiJJon presented to the House, jpurfuant to their Orders,

An Account of the grols Amount, Charges, and Nett Proceeds of the 4} per-cent. Duty, from the ill day of January 1801 to the ill day of January 1804} distinguish-ingeach year, as received by the Husband: And also,

An Account of all sums charged on the Duties of 4I per-cent, which remained unfetisfied on the 5th of April 1804; together with the sums applicable to the discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of all sums charged on the Duties of 4! per-cent, payable at the Exchequer, which remained unfatis-fied on the 5th of April 1804; together with the sums applicable to the discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the lums received in the Exchequer upon the Duty of 4I per-cent, from the 5th of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing each year: And also,

An Account of Imprest Money repaid, from the 5 th January 1802 to the 5th January 1804.

Together with duplicates thereof.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

that the Petitioners be- then heard, by themselves, or. counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they* think fit. ......

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for reading a second AmendmerfM time, the Amendments, nude by the Committee of the* J

Army Bill, read a second

whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing and main taining a permanent Additional Forcefor the Defence of the T’"nc Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Amendments were severally read a second tithe; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, some of them were diiagreed to; and the rest were, with Amend* ments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

, A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Vacancies to be certified to the Privy Council.

And the . laid Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be pracle part of the Bill.

Another. Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for empowering His Majesty to appoint places of Rendezvous.

And the tjiid Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, de» daring, that the Families of Men embodied under the Act shall not thereby be entitled to Parish relief.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Forces raised under the Ad shall not remain embodied more than six months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

, And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be jnade part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Bill to be the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; - wgrofled.

The lloufcdivided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jl/urges Bourne:} 4<*

Tellers for the Noes,g^E^J^. | 223.

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

And -the House having continued to fit till a quarter of an hour after Four of the clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day, if ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the sale of certain East India Prize Goods, in the Port of Liverpool, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and letting forth. That if the lame should pals into a Law, it would be disadvantageous to the Trade of the City of London, and injurious to the Revenue of the Country: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and

Vox.. 59.

The other Orders of the day, being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time English and to be limited, the operation of so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty Force M*. to raise an Additional Military Force, as relates to the com- pe*G«o Bill, pleting Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies, by Ballot, ih de erre '* •: England and Scotland, under certain Regulations, be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill to suspend, for a time to be li- irish Military mited, the operation.of so much of an Act, made in the ForceSuf-last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise Seferredf' ’ an Additional Military Force in Ireland, as relates to the completing Deficiencies, or filling up Vacancies therein, by Ballot, under certain Regulations, be read a second time. Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for establishing and Scotch Army maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence £Adef£rrcd’ of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland, be taken into further confederation Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it- Supply, self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- detcrrt<1-ther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it- Ways and self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

4 U further

0

350

18"—19° Junii.

rl. 180-1.

further of Ways and Meins for raising the Supply granted several Appendixes to the said Minutes; and also, the Re-

Committee on King’* \leflap.e, <l*fcrred. -

to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-Iplf into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of' the xoth day of May last into confident ion.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Saint Andrew Auckland Inclosure Bill, imported.

Martis, 19* Junii;

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

R. Lambton Reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, arid found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bill* of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question several'.y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,-That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

■ A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Corn of the

fetiiien*

respecting ‘he Town of Drogheda: And also, orn c* A Petition of the Directors of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures established by Royal Charter in the City of Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council, of the City of Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Freemen and Freeholders of the City and County of the City of Limerick;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused the Report of the Committee on the Com Trade, and beg leave to represent, that, in their apprehen-

port made from the said Committee.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the last part of the said Message into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a copy of the said Minutes, Appendixes, and Report, as delired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith: And a printed copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ronfby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far , in the

Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ini his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to.by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

OrderedfThoX the Order of theday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to suspend the operation of an Act, passed in the last Sessiori of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, * until the ill day of July 1804, Proceedings in Actions, " Prosecutions; and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Wool en Manufacture; and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the " laid Manufacture," be now read.

And the said Ordep being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wi.l, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

Copy sent to the Lords.

Roufby Moor Inclosurc Bid, reported.

Woollen Manufashire Suspension Bill, deft* rod*

c<

The Lord«

And therefore praying the House to prevent the measures proposed from being carried into effect.

• And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr.

Caledon un Cantl Bill.

Rifelip

Currency

Committee,

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, _ _ a Bill to continue, fora time to be limited, and amend an

lion, the alterations proposed in the Prices at which Ad, passed in the last Session of Parliament for continuing Grain may be imported into this Country are unne- two Acts, the one passed in the 42d year of His present ccflary and inexpedient, and, if adopted and efta* Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, blished as Law, would prove highly injurious to *nd Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, the welfare of many parts of the United Kingdom: and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other made in

the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation ol Malt into Great Britain from Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the fiill time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further confidc-ration the Report f ont the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made

Irish Grain, &c. Bill, presented.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and

hate agreed to Ropham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inventefs and Fort William in Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosurc Bill. for inclosing Lands in the Parish of other wise Rifelip,

in the County of Middlefewithout any Amendment: And also,

Ti’eLord* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That ^"e Lords do request that this House will he pk-afed See. ot irish to communicate to their Lordships, a copy of the further Report of the Minutes of the Evidence reported to th.s H use from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of Ireland as to its Circulating Paper, its Specie, and Current Coin, and the Exchange between that part of the

Committee on Iri h Linen Manufacture Bill.

United Kingdom and Great Britain; together with the from the Committee, who were appointed to consider oflo 7 much

Report on Corn Trade referred to a Committee of the whole Home.

Bill to prevent

counterfeiting Dollars, See. ordered.

Account of Men raised for Army of Reserve in Ireland* ordered.

Denmark

Mint Bill, eonmutted.

Exchedner Bills Bill* ordered*

44 Geo. III. 19°—20° Junil 351

much of the several Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of,

Suffolk, Stafford, Warwick, Essex and , which were presented to the House upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March lad, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of tire Bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hctule, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of , called

Dollars; and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens: And that Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Men raised for the Army of Reserve in Ireland, to the 24th of May last; specifying the Returns of the respective Counties, and the number of Men rejected and deserted, to that period.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of the Machinery necessaty for the erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord , Mr. Long,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; ard lie read ti e Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for better securing the regular and speedy'dittri-bution of Priz eMoney,.and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents;.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for e ft abli filing and maintaining £ permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide-for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1

The other Order of the day bein^ read;

Resolved, That this House will, 1 o-morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for settling Disputes " that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged " in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called England"

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Mefcurii, 20°

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, i 804.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Letter* to The House being informed that Mr. Mills, from the *e sheriff of one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State,

Substitute of attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, - Banffshire, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

present* Copy from the Public Record of the County of Banff,

of a Letter signed " C. Hope," dated Edinburgh, 30th December 1803: Allb, of a Letter or Recommendation from the Sheriff Substitute of the County of Banff, addressed to the Sheriff Clerk, thereto (ubjoined, signed * Geo. " Forbes," and of the same date.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

B-nrefpefHng Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from East India the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fe ^rtS^*’ allowing the sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool, was committed, the Amendments which Vo L. 59.

A Petit ion of William Burke, one of the Coroners of the Co*nty of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors; and setting forth. That the Petitioner, having brought an action against Lawrence Reilly, a Sheriff’s Officer, for the sum of/.9:. 9J. which came to be tried in the Sittings after Trinity Term 1802, the Jury found a Verdict for the Petitioner for the said sum, with Costs, which being added thereto, amounted to/. 146.; and that the said Reilly having refused to pay the same, he was arrested, and committed to the F*ur Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, where he still remains a prisoner; and, although he has property sufficient, docs not chuse to pay the Petitioner, being in expectation of an Act of Insolvency: And therefore praying, That the said Lawrence Reilly may be excluded from the benefit of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament,

for

Bill respe5Ur»£ Prize Agency, deferred*

English Army Bill, passed.

Bill nefpe£ing Corton Mantifjtflure, deferred.

Saint Andrew

Auckland

inclosur©

Bill* passed*

Petition of Mr. Burke respecting tht Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Bridgewater

Writ.

Ronfby Mbor Ir.cioiurc Bill, jwiicJ.

nvwnefi Roads Bill, reported*

Lords

Amendments to Romsey Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Irish Linen Manufacture Bill, reported.

Solway Fisheries Bill, put off for 3 Months.

352 20" Junii. A. 1804.

for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of i.i the room of Jeffery: Allen, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward of Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Roufby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far , in the

Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of York, was read the

third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Roujby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Act ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Inverness to assess the Proprietors of Lands, in the said County, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, was committed.

' Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to. be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.


The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. it. 1. i8.# Leave out " fifteen," and insert " eighteen."

Pr. 16. I.35. After "agreement," insert "at rack " or extended rent.’’

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kingston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-mprrow.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three months." And the Question being put, That the word " now," Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.


56.

74-

Tellers for the Yeas, {JJ'; SmU,

Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " upon this " day three months," be added at the end of the Question; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day three months.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, by His Estimate of Majesty’s command, of

An Estimate of the Expence that has been, and will be NavaindLce, incurred, in consequence of the Orders given by the Lords presented. Commissioners of the Admiralty, for increasing the Naval Defence of the Country, since the 15 th May 1804.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Apptn&x. volume. (No. 53.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House tore- Comraitteeo* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for the erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelrinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Ordinary Revenue, Account of and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public In- j "cb^e come of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January Ireland, 1804, be referred to the said Committee. referred.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill, to extend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the year 1563, respecting the Salmon Fisheries of that Kingdom, to the Fisheries within the Solway;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said.Bill be now read a second time;

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Scotch Army further consideration the Report of the Bill for establishing recommitted and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland, be now read.

10 And

ConCdered.

Bill to prevent counterfeiting Dollars, Sec. presented.

Further Hearing of Counsel on Report of Slave Trade Bill, deferred.

Committee on Report on Corn a rade.

Instruction.

44 Ge6. III.

20°—21

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the day being read, for the further hearing of counsel, upon the Report of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, proceed in the further hearing of counsel upon the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of the several Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Stafford, Warwick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were presented to the House, upon the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 28th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Command the Payment of the Duty'on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself

Junii. 353

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next* relblVe itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 10th day of May last into consideration, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday tiext, relolVe itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill wds read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the lale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Dif-" putes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen " engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of " Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

supply*.

deferred*

Committee oil King's Meliage, deferred.

trifli Grain# Sec. Bill* committed*

Bill respecting East India Prize Goods, deferred.

Bill respe&iq£ Cotton Manufacture# deferred.

Jovis, 21° Junii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

House

adjourned.

VOL.

59-

4X

A. 1804.

Veneris, 22° die Junii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIT11 Regis, 1804.

Mr><Vham

Bill,

reported.

354 22° Junii

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An A<fl to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-ninth years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Oswaldkirk in

the County of York; without any Amendment: And the also,

the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act charge of repairing a certain Bridge, called Mujkkam Bridge, for amending and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed over the River Trent, in the County of Nottingham, for a for preserving the Harbour of in the County of

Valuable consideration, and for more elfedtually repairing , and for further improving the lame; without

or rebuilding the said Bridge, was committed; That the any Amendment: And also,

York Road* Bill.

Prayers.

MR. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom Bill for exonerating Henry Lord Middleton from

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one i and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marton, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordships of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Goner by, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Netherdate Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to inclosure Bill, whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Neth- for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of lYhit-reporte . dale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was com- wood, in the Parish of Featherjlvne, in the West Riding mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found

Swansea Harbwur Bail.

Long Marton Inc 1 ol'ut c Bill*

Mane*

Inciumre Bill

Gonerby inclosure Bill*

Whitwood Inclosure BilL

that the Standing Orders of the House

any

Amendment: And

the Committee had examined, and found of the County of York', without

relative to Bills of also,

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cambridge

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of Bill

the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge Amendments.

to Ely, and from Ely to and from to

The Lords have agreed to

Attornies, See. Indemnity Bill.

Bill respecting Linen Trade.

Avlefbury Election Bill.

given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the annual value of £.54, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is of the annual value of £. 1,609, or there-abouts; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppote the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnity Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the manu-fadlure of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough

Checquer Corner in Downham, in the several Countiesof Cam7 bridge and Norfolk, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Bill read.

Refolvtd, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Lords

have passed Phillips’* Nat. Bill-

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Staintcn, in the West Riding'of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Laf-celles, Mr. If ilberforce, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title hr. An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baker do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of attended at the

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

Stainton

Inclosure

committed.

fVnterbu'y Improvement Ukj, paiicU.

of Aylefbary, in the County of Buckingham; without any House, pursuant to their Addrefsto His Majesty

Cromford.fcc. Road Bill.

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market-place in to the Five

Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for letting out and making two new Roads brandling from the said Road, one up the Vaifey by Grange Mill, to Neivhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of IVirksworth, all in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

A Lift of all Officets on the Half-pay of the Establifti-ment of Ireland; distinguishing their several Ranks, and specifying those who are upon the Staff, and these who are unemployed, and fit for Service.

Mr. Johnson also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of all Pensions granted on the Eftibiishment of Ireland, up to the ill of January 1804; specifying the date and continuance of each Grant: And alto,

An Account how the sum of £, 2,000, directed by

\ Act

Papers relating to Ireland, presented.

Lift of Officer* on Half-pay.

Lift of Pent: on*.

Application of£ 2,oca by 41 Geo. lit

1

Jppendijt,

N o. 4^')

Further

Papers

reipccting the khrliatca War, p relented.

Lords

Amendment

to Deptford Paving Bill, agreed to.

Mrnton

Inclosure

Petition,

reported.

44 Geo. III. 22° jfunii.

355

Act 41 Geo. III. to be applied in paying necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland, has been disbursed.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the last of the said Lifts, and the said Account, be printed for the Members of the House.

The first of the said Lifts, and the said Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Five Books, containing Fort Saint George and Bombay Papers, relative to the Marhatta War in 1803: Andallo,

A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted to the " House, in obedience to their Orders of the yth of May " 1804, dating Realons why the fame have not been fully " complied with."

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Books and Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Books and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments,

obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; ' viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 6. In Clause (A.) After Ravensborne," insert " at or near its mouth or outlet " into the River ‘Thames."

the fame were divided and inclosed; and it would also be beneficial to them, if such parts of the said Lands and Grounds as are subject to the payment of Tythes, or a Composition in lieu thereof, were exonerated from such Tythes or Composition, and a proper compensation made to the Rector in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- Lem for stances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notice*-Notices may be affixed on the Church door of the Parish of Manton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln, for three Sundays in the present month of June.^and in the month of July next, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-, Bin ordered, suant to the prayer of the said Petition i And that Mr. Chaplin and Sir GilbertHeathcotedo prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Carmarthen Gaol, Carmarthen was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their jkbtor* distress; and praying relief. etiuon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Tavistock,&c. Bill for the amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market House in to New

Bridge, to Gref on Bridge, to Downtown Gate, to HouJ'e, to Cherry brook, and Dunnabridgt Pound, and to Mor-wellhamand New Quay, all in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The said Amendment being read a second time; was, Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Burges's upon the Question put thereupon,agreed toby the House. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; discharging John Fydell, late of Chepstow, in the County of pTaJd. and acquaint them, that this-House hath agreed to the Monmouthut now of the City of in the County of

Amendment made by their Lordships, Somerset, Esquire, from being a Tnifteee of the Freehold

Estates of ‘Thomas Burges, late of IVeymouth Street, Portland Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, and Petition of Frances IJ'abella Mojter, of Yokes Place,near for diverting the Fce-simple and Inheritance of such parts of ‘Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, Widow, Committee of the fame Freehold Estates of the said ‘Thomas Burges as, by the Estate of William Dalifon, Esquire, a Lunatic, and John his will, are devised to the said John Fydell as a Trustee,

Blundell, Clerk, was referred; That the Committee had out of the said John Fydell, and for veiling the Fee-simple

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the and Inheritance of the lame Freehold Estates in Abraham

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied Toulmin, Esquire, as a Trustee in the place and (lead of the

with; because the Petitioner, Frances ljabella Majier, was said John Fydell, was committed; That the Committee had

only lately enabled to enter into an arrangement respecting examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

the said Inclosure, the late Tenant having held the whole to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their

of the said Lordlliip under an Agreement which the said consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee;

Petit oner was not enabled to put an end to till the death and that the Committee had directed him to report the of the said Tenant, pending which Agreement no (nclolure Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And hedeli-could have been made with a due advantage to the said vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Lunatic’s Interests; and difficulties having occurred in set- And the said Bill was read the third time,

t’iing the terms of the said inclolune, the fame could not be Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

adjusted so as to enable the Petitioners to give the Notices Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the required by the Standing Orders of the House until the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had the fame, without any Amendment, elapsed; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the An ingrossed Bill for providing an additional Burial st. Martin * fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, in the Parish of the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was 1

the Clerk’sTable; Where the fame was read; and is as fol- read the third time, loweth; viz. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and Thomas Carr being examined, said. That the only Persons erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin interested in the Open and uninclosed Fields, Meadows, in the in the County of Middlesex, and also a House , Pastures, Leys, Arable, and other Grounds, in the Lord- for the relidence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the ship of Manton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lin- dead. co’n, are the said William Dalifon, Esquire, and the Reverend Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords,

JohnBtunde/l, and it would be advantageous to them, if and desire their concurrence.

Vol. 59. A Petition

356 22° jriiniu A. 1804.

petit; from A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and limenck, Freeholders of the County of Limerick, was presented to ComVnuie. the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have teen with alarm and concern a printed Report of a Committee of the House, purporting to alter the existing Com Laws of Great Britain; and that, sensible of the great advantages which Ireland has derived from her Laws, as they now relatively stand with those of Great , they

are apprehenfivp of the most fatal consequence from the proposed alteration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

jui/fof Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next,

inibivent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Debtors, the Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors.

deferred.

Petition from A Petition of several Owners, or part Owners, of British N«caiMe» Ships belonging to the Port of Newcastle, was presented Suspension of to the House}and read; setting forth, That the suspension the Naviga- of the Navigation Laws of Great Britain has been attended tionLaws. with very injurious consequences: And therefore praying. That the lame may be strictly enforced, and that such Laws as authorize the suspension of them may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

stanes Bridge An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft Bill, paired, year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Eg ham, in the Counties of . Middlesex and Surrey, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 9. To leave out " fix" and insert " four" instead thereof.

1. 11. To leave out " Four Pence Halfpenny" and insert " Three Pence" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by th^ House: And the . Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egliam, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Banff Roads An ingrafted Bill for making and repairing certain BUi, paired. Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen, for building Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff, was read the third time.

An ingrafted Clausewas offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing Trustees for the application of the sum of £.2,000.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houie, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 34. To leave out " County" and insert " Coun-

* ties" instead thereof; after " of" to insert " Elgin;" anti to leave out from " Aberdeen" to " through" in line 35, and insert " and Invertiefs," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen, and Inverness; for building Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff.

Ordered, That Mr. Fergufon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Burland reported from the Committee, to whom the ToneNarip* Bill.for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the 10th and nth years of King William the Third, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone from Bridgewater to , in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read th Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a. second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report on whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Cora Tn*k Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report on certain Petitions respecting the Corn Trade was re-committed, be now received.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered inatthe Clerk’s Tables Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that the Importation of Corn, Grain and Flour, be regulated by the Average Price of Com, Grain, and Flour, in the twelve Maritime Districts in England, and in the four Maritime Districts in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That it is expedient that so much of an Act, of the 31ft year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the Prices at which British Corn, Grain, or Flour, may be exported,

except to Ireland, and Foreign Corn, Grain, and Flour imported, and also the Duties and Bounties payable thereon, 1

be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Bounties herein after mentioned, be allowed on '

all Corn, Grain, and Flour, exported from Great Britain; that is to say:

When exported to any Foreign Country. If at or under - per quarter Wheat. Rye. Pease and Beans. Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats. Wheat Flour, &c. /. e. Biscuit. Wheat Meal. Rye Meal or Flour. Barley, Beer or Bigg Meal. Oatmeal.

s. d. s. d. 48. 0. - - s. d. So d. 32. 0. - - s. d. s- d- a. d. 3. d. 28. 0. - - s. d. s. d. 16. O. - - 3.'d. #. d. 3. d. 3. d. i.

High BouiXy - - -and not exceeding - 5. 0. £2. O. - - - - 3. 0 34.0. - - -•26. 30. 0. - - - - 2. O. l8. O. - - perewt. 1.6. per cwt. 1. 3. per cwt. 0. 9. per cwt. 0.10. perewt. 1

Low Bounty - 2. 6. - - 1. 6 . - - - I. 3 - - I. O. per cwt. 0. 9. s. d. perewt. 0.7.^ s. d. per cwt. o. 4* 3. d. perewt. 0. 5. 3. do per cwt. 0. d s. do

If above No Export allowable. 5a. 0. - - 34. 0. 34. 0. - - 30. 0. - - 18. O. - - 32. 0. 52. 0. 34. 0. 32. 0. 18. 0. 1 —

RefAved,

44 Geo. III. 22° Junn. 357

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Corn, Grain, and FlOur, imported into Great Britain; the respective Duties herein after mentioned be charged on that is to say:

When Imported from the Provirce of Quebec, or the other British Colonies and Plantations in North America,

If under - - . per quarter

High Duty - - - Ditto -If at, or above - - per quarter but under - - - * Ditto -First Low Duty - - -If at, or above - - per quarter

Second Low Duty - -

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

If under - - - - per quarter

High Duty ——

If at, or above - - per quarter but under - - - Ditto -

First Low Duty -

If at, or above - - per quarter

Second Low Duty - -

Wheat.

s. d. 61. o.t

6i. o. 65. o.

s. d. 24. 3.

s. d, s. d. 40. o. -

- - 22. o.

40. o. 43. o.

63* o«

o. 6.

43. o.

63. o. -

- - - 24. 3.

63. O. -

66. o. -

- - - 2. 6.

66. o. ...

- - o. 6.

Importation of Wheat, Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows:

When Imported from Ireland or the Province of Quebec or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, High Duty, per cwt. - 6a. 6 d. First Low Duty - - i 6

Second, ditto - - o 2

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

High Duty - - - 6s. 6d.

First Low Duty - i 6 Second, ditto - - i o

Malt made of Wheat—Prohibited

Rye, Pease, or Beans.

Barley, Beer, or Bigg.

i. 6.

o.

42. o. -

- - - 22. O.

42. O. -

44. o,

44. o,

44. o. -

- - - 1. 6.

■ - - o. 3.

Rye, ground, or Malt made of Rye; Pease ground, and Beans groand-Prohibited.

s. d,

30. 6.

30. 6. 32. 6.

s, d* 22♦ O.

32. 6. - -

1. 3. o. 3.

31. 6. -

31. 6. 33. o.

33. o.

22. o.

1. 3. o. 3.

Oats.

s. d. 20. o.

20. o.

21. O.

s. d. 6. 7.

I. o.

21. O. —

O. 2.

21. O. —

- - - 6. 7.

21. O.

22. O.

22. O. —

I. Ow

O. 2.

Malt made of Oats —Prohibited.

Importation of Indian Corn or Maize to be governed by the Price of Barley, as follows:

When Imported from Ireland or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

High Duty, per qr. - - 22s. od. First Low Duty .--13 Second Low Duty - - o 3

When Imported from any other Country, High Duty, per qr. - - 22 s od, First Low, ditto - - 1 3 Second Low, ditto - - o 3 Barley, Indian Corn, or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground, and Malt made of Barley, Indian Corn, or Maize, Beer, or Bigg.—Prohibited.

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

If under - - per Boll of 1401b.

Avoirdupois,or 1281b. Scotch Troy - - -for every such Boll, High Duty If at, or above - - - per Boll

but under - - - - Ditto

First Low Duty - - -If at, or above - - - per Boll Second Low Duty - -

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

If under - - - - per Boll High Duty - - - - -If at, or above - - - per Boll but under - - - - Ditto

First Low Duty - -

If at, or above - - - per Boll

Second Low Duty - -

Oatmeal.

1

s. d. *. d. 19. o.

19. o.

20. O.

8. o.

I. o.

20. O.

O. 2.

20. O.

20. O.

21. O.

8. O.

I. «.

21. O.

0. 6.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Corn and Grain shall, in any Maritime District be below the average Prices of Corn and Grain in the twelve Maritime Districts in England, or four Maritime Districts in Scotland, no Corn or Grain should be permitted to be imported into such District.

The said Refoiutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-Iclution: And that Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, Mr.

Mr. Coke o(Norfolk, Mr. Foster, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Chaplin, and Sir John Sinclair, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Com Trade, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report on certain Petitions respecting the Corn Trade, was re-committed.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Charles took the Chair of the

Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Report Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the *nd Means. whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further VOL. 59.

of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Refoiutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Additional towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an act- P"!ie* ditional Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged upon ,n re an * every gallon of Aqua Vit$, Strong Waters, or Spirits, Spirits, made or distilled from Malt or Corn in Ireland, and an additional Duty of Sixpence and one-twelfth part of a Penny upon every gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or distilled from Molasses in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every gallon of Home-made Spirits, which shall, on or after the 20th day of June 1804, be in the stock, custody, or possession, of any Distiller, Rectifier, or Retailer of such Spirits, in Ireland, an additional Duty of Sixpence, over and above all Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Malt, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every barrel of Malt made in Ireland, over and above all Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Five Pence be charged upon every barrel of Malt, which shall, on the 20th day of June 1804, be in the stock or possession of any person or perl'ons in Ireland, over and above all Duties paid or payable thereon.

4 Y

9

Slight-.

Wine.

Tea.

Tobacco.

O'l6 Ji

358

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every one hundred weight of , and

Brown Sugar of the British Plantations, and an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence and fix tenth parts of a Penny upon ever)' one hundred weight of Muscovado or Brown Sugar not of the British Plantations, and on Brown or Muscovado Sugar the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America., respectively, imported into Ireland, over and above all Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every one hundred weight of refined Sugar, called Candy Brown, and an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Three Pence and eight tenth parts of a Penny upon every one hundred weight of all other refined Sugar, respectively imported into Ireland, over and above all other Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every one hundred weight of A or Brown Sugar, which shall, on or after the 20th day of June 1S04, be in His Majesty’s Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of any Importer of or Dealer in Sugar, in Ireland, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence, over and above all Duties now paid or payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the additional Duties herein after mentioned, be charged upon ever tun of Wine, containing 252 gallons; viz.

Upon every tun of Wine imported into Ireland, or which shall, on the 20th day of June 1804, be in His Majesty’s Stores, or which, being imported into Ireland on or after the said 20th day of June, shall come into His Majesty’s Stores, or which shall, on or after the said 20th day of June, be in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the possession of any Importer of, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which shall have paid the Duties now payable on Importation thereof; the Duties following; viz.

£ d.

French Wine - - - - -22 91

Madeira Wine - - - - -20167

Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wines - 22 9 4

Portugal, Spanish, and Canary Wines - 1619 8

Wine not otherwise enumerated or described 24 15 6

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon all Tea which shall have been purchased at any Sale of the EnjiIndia Company in London, at a price under Two Shillings and Sixpence British per pound weight, a Duty of Fifty-one Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, according to such price, in lieu and full satisfaction of all Duties, Subsidies, or Customs, payable thereon, by virtue of any Law or Laws heretofore made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon all Tea which shall have been purchased at any Sales of the East India Company in London, at the price of Two Shillings and Sixpence, British per pound weight, and upwards, a Duty of Eighty-four Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, according to such price, in lieu and full satisfaction of all Duties, Subsidies, or Customs, payable thereon, by virtue of any Law or Laws heretofore made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excil'e of Four Pence, be charged upon every pound weight ot Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, over and above all Duties now paid or payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every pound weight of unmanufactured Tobacco which shall, on or after the 20th day of June 1S04, be in His Majesty’s Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of any Importer of, or Dealer in, Tobacco in 4

min.

A. 1804.

Ireland, an additional Duty of Four Pence, over and above ail Duties now paid or payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Snuff, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny be charged upon every pound weight of Snuff imported into except from Great Britain, in lieu and full satisfaction of ail Duties, Subsidies, or Customs, payable thereon by virtue of any Law or Laws heretofore made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Stamp*, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, no Compensation shall be made after the expiration of any which may now exist, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any other Bank or Bankers in Ireland, far and in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be ifl'ucd by the said Banks or.

Bankers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable in Ireland, upon any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Public, and on any Letter of Attorney empowering any person to receive Rents, doceafe and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, /

towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties herein after mentioned Ire charged in Ireland, upon every Ikin or piece of Vellum or Parchment, or ’Iheet or piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any of the following Articles;

c- </■

Any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Public - - - 200

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents - - - 1 10 o

Any Affidavit made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing public Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for repair of Roads, or,

any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Presentments, or for the purpose of re-giftcring Freeholds ——

Any Permit granted by any Officer of His Majesty’s Revenue, or any Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Excileable or other Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law;

If the Duties on the Goods permitted * thereby amount to the sum of Five Pounds or less - - - 002

If such Duties amount to more than Five Pounds, and do not exceed Ten Pounds -603 If to more than 'Fen Pounds, and do net exceed Fifteen Pounds - - - -006

If to more than Fifteen Pounds - - o 1 O

Any Licence to any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, in Ireland, who shall let t# hire any Horle for the purpose of travelling Post by the mile, or from stage to stage - o

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, AdveTtife-towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every menu. Proclamation, Order of Council, or Act of State, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper,

Journal, or daily Accounts, to be published weekly, or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dispersed or made public yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time (except Che Dublin Gazette) shall be considered as an Advertisement, and pay Duty accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That L:cence*, the Duties now payable in Ireland upon Licences to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquoi*;, Wine, Ale, or Beer, by Retail, in any City, Town, or Place, in Ireland, do cease and determine.

Resolved, Thal it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, ihe following Duties shall be paid in Ireland, for and upon every

Ikin,

Imports#

Duties to be poid in British Currency.

Countervailing Duties.

44 Geo. III.

22° Ju.

359

(kin or piece of Vellum or Parchment, or sheet or piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles, viz.

jr. s.

Any Licence to any Person to (ell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of tlfe Metropolis - - - 35 o ©

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park The Phetnix, not more than two miles distant therefrom - - - 22 o o

In every other place, within the District of the Excite Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park The Phetnix, not distant more than five miles

therefrom - 16 10 0

Within the City of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said City - - - - 33 o

And within the rest of the County of the said City - -22 00

Within the City of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said City - - - 33 o o

And within the rest of the County of the said City - -22 00

• In the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said City - -3360

And within the rest of the County of the said City - -22 0 0.

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmel - - -16100

Within all other Cities, Corporate Towns,

Market Towns, where Markets are usually held, and within one mile of the Town House, Market House, or principal Market Place - - - * - - -2x00

In any other part of Ireland than those parts before described * - - -61 to

Any Licence to any Person to fell Spirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not less than two gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such place on a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of Six Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on all Goods and Merchandize (except Sugar) imported into Ireland, by any Person being a Retailer or Consumer of such Goods and Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the foregoing Duties, and all Duties of Customs and Excise, and every other Public Revenue of Ireland, shall be payable and paid in British currency (except such Stamp Duties as are under the sum of One Shilling, being of any other amount than Sixpence, and except the Duties on Coaches and Chaises, on JFire Hearths, on Male Servants, and on Dwelling Houses, according to the number of Windows or Lights, and on Certificates for killing Game, and except all Duties payable on Goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain, and except Excise Duties on Leather and Leather Manufactures, Glass Bottles, Vellum, Parchment, Paper of all forts, and Sweets, and except Import Duties on Raw or Thrown Silk imported, and also except Quit Rents, and the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets lent by the Post within Ireland.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Countervailing Duties in the Schedule following be paid on the several Goods therein mentioned, being of the produCf or manufacture' of Great Britain, and imported thence, in lieu and full satisfaction of all Duties now payable thereon by virtue of any Act or Acts heretofore Quade:

Vox.. 59.

Beer.

Upon every barrel of Beer or Ale containing 32 gallons - -

Spirits.

Upon every gallon of Spirits - -

Sucar.

Upon every hundred weight of,

Sugar called Bastards, whole or ground * Sugar called Lumps

Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar - -

Sugar called Sugar Candy Brown Sugar Called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf,} Sugar called Sugar Candy White <■ -

Sugar, refined, of any other fort -

£• s‘ d.

a 6 Hi

0 5

1 6 6

2 9 5

2 13 0

z 9 5

2 17 X

Tobacco akd Swcff.

Upon every pound weight of,

British manufactured Short-cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured, into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanish - - - - ot 444

British manufactured Shag Tobacco* cut - o 1 2TV British manufactured Roll Tobacco -01 4;-®-

British manufactured Carrot Tobacco -ox 2^ Every other fort of British manufactured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or described - *01 444

British manufactured Rappee Snuff - - o 1

British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff o I S44 British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch

Snuff - - - -01 244

British manufactured Stalk Flour - - o 1 744

Every other fort or kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff work not hereinbefore enumerated or described - - -01 8l4

British unmanufactured Tobacco - -009

The five first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The sixth Refoiution of the Committee being read a second time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring after the word " ," the

words " except from Great Britain."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. f

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refoiution, so amended. That, towards railing the Supply4 gran ted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence be charged upon every one hundred weight of refined Sugar, called Candy Brown, and an additional Duty of One Pound Nine Shillings and Three Pence and eight-tenth parts of a Penny, upon every one hundred weight of all other refined Sugar respectively imported into Ireland, except from Great Britain, over and above all other Duties now payable thereon.

The seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The eleventh Refoiution of the Committee being read a second time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring after the word "Excise" the words " in Irelandby leaving out the words " manu-" factured in Ireland," and inferring the words " in the " custody or possession of any Manufacturer of, or Dealer " in. Tobacco, on the 20th day of June 1804, or which " may thereafter come into the possession of any such " Manufacturer or Dealer" instead thereof; and by inferring after the word " Duties" the words " of Excise."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refoiution, so amended, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland, of Four Pence, be charged upon every pound weight-of Tobacco, in the custody or possession of any Manufacturer of, or Dealer in. Tobacco, on the 20th day of June 18.04, or which may thereafter come

into

Bill respecting Ball India Prize Goods, deferred.

Counsel to be

farther heard on Report of Slave Trade Bill.

Adjournment.

Irish Revenue Bill, deferred.

Ireland— Accounts ordered.

Funded Debt.

Payments into the Treasury.

Balances in the Hands of Collectors.

D’ of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties.

360

A. 1804.

into the possession. of any such Manufacturer or Dealer, over and above all Duties of Excise now paid or payable thereon.

The twelfth Resolution of the Committee being read a iecond time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

The thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The sixteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

' Teller, for the Yeas,gJ£ } 119.

TdleBforthcNo«,{JJj;^2aOTlW. } 3'-.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Foster, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lo-tw, Mr. Long, Lord Viscount , Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Bourne, and Mr. Hujiiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the falc of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, proceed in the further hearing of counsel, upon the Report of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited.

Ordered, That there be laid before this IIourc, an Account of the Amount of Balances in the hands of the Post Office Revenue unpaid to the Treasury on 5th January 1803 and 1804, respectively, and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury in each year ending on the said days.

The House was moved, That the Copy from the Public Record of the County of Banff, of a Letterfigned " C. Hope," dated Edinburgh, 30th December 1803; also, of a Letter or Recommendation from the Sheriff Substitute of the County of Banff addressed to the Sheriff Clerk, thereto subjoined, ligned " Geo. Forbes," and of the fame date, might be read.

And the Lord Advocate of Scotland being in his place; the said Paper was read.

And he was heard.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that the conduit of the Right honourable Charles Hope, His Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, in writing the said Letter, has been oppressive, illegal, and contrary to his official Duties;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Orders of the day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas * Mr> Secretary at War> tellers for the Yeas^ Mr Attorney General:

Tellers for the Noes,f^jr* ^‘nna,n ‘I’

T-Mr. Smitn 01 Awe

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

:un

*59-

82.

And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to suspend the operation of an Act, passed in the said Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, until the xft day of July 1804, Pro-" ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceeding*, " under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture; " and also, under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, " so far as the fame relates to certain persons employed or * concerned in the said Manufacture

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itlclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and lecurityof His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Funded Debt of on the 25th of March in each year, from 1784 to 1801, and on the 1 ft January 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804; together with the Amount created since ift January 1804, by Loan, and the Debt as it now stands.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Nett Payments into the Treasury of Ireland, from the ordinary Revenues, in the year ending 5th January 1804, and the Amount of the Annual Interest and Charges of the Funded Debt of Ireland, as it now stands, including all Annuities payable in respect of monies at any time heretofore advanced, and also, of the Annual Interest payable on Treasury Bills out-standing.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Balances in the hands of the Collectors of His Majesty’s Revenue in on 5th Ja-

nuary 1803 and 1804; together with the Total Amount of the Securities given by the leveial Collectors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Balances in the hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on 5th January 1803 and 5th January 1804, respectively, and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury for Stamp Revenue in each year ending on the said days.

The Order of the clay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Com issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hou'e, to take His Majesty’s most Gracious Meffuge of tire 10th day of May last into consideration;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Foster have leave to make a Motion, it being half an hour after Two of the clock on Saturday Morning.

And lie moved the House accordingly.

Rfflved,

P* ft Ornce Revenue.

Proceedings relpcc:ing Let leys to and from the Micrift

Substitute of Ban fii} tire.

Wotd’.en Man * t’uture Suspension , Bill, Ucierred.

Ways and

Mean*

deferred*

B’ll top^-ent

Cutir.'t i kiting l)< pir?, &l. deferred. I

Sunp-y,

detened.

Ct.rrn it* eoi

McfV-y^,

ceicrnd.

44 Geo. III.

Committee on Irish Grain, Jtc* Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-felfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, pafl'ed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one, pafl'ed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to , and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to , and the Im-

portation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereilnto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mprning next, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 25° die Junii;

Anno 44# Georgii III"1 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

Staughton A TR. Ellison presented to the House, according to Order, 1V1 a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Stoughton,in the Chunty of Huntingdon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

22°—25° yunii.

Pr. 53. l.ult. Pr.54. 1

361

1.

Netherfal* An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Inji!°fureB, I,» Netherdale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was 1016 ' read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Netherdale, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Pr. 58; kult.

lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

toCambri^e Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Road* Bill, powers of several Acts, pafl’ed for repairing the Road from

agreed to. Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to and from

Littleport to Checquer Corner in in the several

Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads, And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

8c 19]} t^ave out " after the Rate aforesaid."

Leave but " by Law," and in the fame line, after " do," insert " such."

After " Roads," insert " as shall be de-" tfermined by the said Justices as " aforesaid."

Leave out from " the" to " have," in Press 59. line i. and insert ‘‘Justices."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. * ‘

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill tQ the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for exonerating Henry hord Middleton Mutkhas* from the charge of repairing a certain Bridge, called Brj2*jeBlB’ Mufkham Bridge, over the River Trent, in the County of * Nottingham, for a valuable consideration, and for more effectually repairing or re-building the said Bridge, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be*

An Act for exonerating Henry Lord Middleton from the Charge of repairing a certain Bridge, called Mufkham Bridge, over the River Trent, in the County of Nottingham, for a valuable consideration, and for more effectually repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the amending and repairing several TaviftocMae, Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market House in Ba,» Tavistock to New Bridge, to Grefton Bridge, to Downtown Gate, to Riccards House, to Cherrybrook and Dunnabridge

Pound, and to Morwellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending arid repairing several-Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market House in Tavistock, to New Bridge, to Grefton Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Ric~ -card's House, to Cherrybrook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr . Baldwindo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, according to Order, re- Report on ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom•tornTrad,• it was referred to consider further of the Report, which:

was made from the Committee, to whom the Report on certain Petitions re(pedting the Corn Trade, was re-committed; the Resolution which' the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered iri at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain into and from Ireland, and the Payment of the Duties and Bounties thereon, should. be regulated in manner following; that is to say:

iTable (A.) Shewing the Prices, to which the Scale of Bounty is to attach on the Export of Corn, Ground Corn, Flour, or Meal, and

Malt, from Ireland, and the Prices at which Exportation is prohibited.

When exported to any Foreign Country.

If at or under, per barrel

High Bounty -If above - - - -and not exceeding

Low Bounty -

If above - - - -No Export allowable.

Wheat. Rye. Pease and Beans. Barley, Beer, or B«fg- Oats. Whe a Flour. Wheat Meal. Rye Meal, or Flour. Barley, Beer, or Bigg Flour. Malt made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg. Oatmeal.

4. d. s. d. d. 4. d. 4. d.

i \ British 29. 5- - *°-41 - 20. 4i - 16. 0. - 10. 3$

1 > Irish 31.11. - 22. of - 22. of - 17. 4. - II. 2.

s. d. 8. <L 4. d. 4. d. 4. d. 4. d. 4. d. 4. d. 4. cL 4. d. 4. d.

3.4. . 2. a. - - 2. 2. - - 1. 7. - - 1. 5- - - 1.11. perewt. i. 4. per cwt. 0.10. perewt. i.o. perewt. 2.0. pe* cwt. 1.5. perewt.

1 1 ®r. - 29. s| - 20-41 - 20. 4} - 16.0. - 10.3}

; Ir. - 31.11. - 22. O. 22. O. - *7-4* - 11.2.

1 Br. - 31. - *>-7l - 21. y| - *7- if - i-7i

1. Ir* - 34- 7- s. d. - 23.5. - 23.5. - 18. 6| - i2.6|

l. 8. - «• - 1. 1. - - I. I. - - 0. 9| - - 0. 8} - - 0.11} perewt. 0. 8. per cwt. 0. 5. per cwt. q. 6. perewt. 1.0. perewt. e.8f perewt.

1 f Br. - 31.11J - 11.7! - 21. 7| - 17. i| - »«■ 7l 3>*- - 31.ni - - *!• 7i - - 17. if- - 11- 7 i * -

1 I Ir. - 34- 7- - 23.5. - *3- 5- - 18.6| - 12. 6| 34.7. - - 34.7. - - 23.5. - - 18.6f- - 12. 61 - -

VOL. 59.

4Z

Table (B.)

A, 1804.

362 25° yunit.

Table (B.) Shewing the Price? according to which High or Low Duties are to take place on Importation from Ireland.

■Wheat. Rye, Pease, and Beans. Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats. OatmeaL

w iivu aoipuiicu uvm mv of $*tbtc Of the other Colonies or Plantations America , If under - per barrel-High Doty, Ditto -If at, or above - Ditto - - 1 but under - Ditto - -First Low Duty - -If at, or above - ptr barrel Second Low Duty - British 0 North British Iriflt 1 British Infix ‘ British Infix \ British [Irish 4. do i* d 37- Sk - * -40. 6. * - 37. ft - - -40* d. m 39. I0| - - - «• *i * - 39. !•$---4.3. a, - - - *■ d. d. *>• si - - * *7* *4 - - 10.0. 5 a •-: 27. 4f - - - *9- H- - *. - - - 1. a 47. 4? - - -*9. 7f - - - a a* a d. e. do 17. 5. - - -12. lo| - - - - - - 10. 0. 17. J. - - -l|. IO. - 18. - - -ao. i| - - a a. 18. 6* - - -ao. jJ - . - - - - a 2. t. d. 4. d. 12. 104 - -7 13. Ilj - -j - - - j. a 12. to£ - -7 13. 114 - 13. 6| - -; >4- 71 - *) - - - 0. 8. 13. 64 - -7 ^4- 74 - 4 - - - 0. 2. If under per cwcof 1 talbs. Aooirdupoii If at, or above, per cwt. Butuuder - per cwt. r If at, or above, per cwt. I. di Mm a f AS* Brittfik 1 116. s| irish. J J»s* 1.16. 54 Irish. 16. 0. Britilk 117. 4. Irish. f 16. a. British. (17. 4. Irish.

When Imported from any Foreign Country, If under - - perbarrelj High Duty - - Jf at, or above - perlurrel < but under - Ditto - - If at, or above - per barrel j Second J.OW JDjjty ' other 1 British j Irish British Irish: British: idih f British i Irish 38* 8. - - -41. IO. - - -- - - AO. O. 3$. S. - -41* 10. - - - 40. 43. to| - - - 40. 6. - - -43.104 - - -- - 2- 26. 8| - - -28. 11. - 10. 0. 26. 8$ - - -28. 11. - -28. 0. . p -30. 4. - - - aft. a - -30. 4. - - at. 18. 0. - - - 19. 6. - - -... ia 9. 18. a - - - 19. 6. - - -iS. 104 - - -ao. 5. - - - 18. 10J - - - to. 5. - - -- - - 0. a. 13. 64 - -7 <4- 7i - *j - - - 5. 3. 64 - -7 *4- 7l - 14. 2. - -7 15. 4. - - - - 0. 8. 14. 2. -7 13. 4. - - - - a 2. If under - per cwt. - - - 1 If at, or above, per cwt. But under - per c wt. - If at, or above, per cwt. . , »• f 16. a Britishk ( 17. 4. Infix. i f 16. a Brit^ftk 1 1 17. 4. Iriflt. 1 j 16. Britishk \ 18. z| Iriflu C 16. 9J Britishk \ 18. Irish. - - - a 2.

Importation of \Wheat Meal,ap< When Imported from the Province ' Plantations in High Duty - per cwt. - 6s. 6d. I First Low Duty ditto r r h < Second ditto - di«P .- o. *• < When imported from any other i High Duty - per cwt. - tit. 64. Briti First Low Duty ditto - * i. 6. dittf Second ditto - ditto - - ,i. o. 4itt< Malt made of Wheat—Pi 1 Flour, to be govern of Quebec^ or other , it?*rtb America: lritish,orf4. old. Ii iittQ j. 7I di ditto .- ,0. a. # oreign Country e fixer 74. old* Infix. > - 7f dicta > I. in -ditto, rohibited. r^ed as-follows: British Colonies or rish. m. 1 mo. Rye ground or Malt made of Rye; Pease ground and Beans ground— Prohibited. Importation of Indian Corn or Maize to be governed by the Pri^e of Barley, as follows: When Imported from the Province of Qutbec, or other British Colonies qt Plantations in Wtrtb America: High Duty - t6s. $d. ' First Low Duty . 0. *0. Second Low Duty - #. 0. a* When Imported from any other Foreign Country; High Duty 164. 34. First Low Duty - - - - 0 iq. Second Low Duty - - - 0. 2. Barley, Indian Corn of Maize, Beer or Bigg ground, and Malt made of I Malt made of Oats Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg—Prohibited. ) —Prohibited.

tyftru dtion.

Invmefs Roads Bill, paled.

Answer to Address.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the faits Committee, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to, by the House.

An ingossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Ittvemefs, to aiTefs the Proprietors of Lands in the said County, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, was read the third time.

Refotued., That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands, in the County of Invemefs, towards the Expepce of making and sup-

porting such Roads and Bridges therein as IhaM be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges in fthe Highlands of Sc.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lord* Ridley: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chippenham for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the top of Hill, in the (County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roulby Moor for inclosing Lands in the Town ship of Roufby, and Hamlets Inclosure Bfll* of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to permit the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for the erecting a Mintrin the dominions of the King of Denmark, be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for creating a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Denmark Mint Bin, passed.

Mr. Secretary at War repprted to the House, That their Address of the 14th day of this instant June (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Account, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to 'His Majesty» and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door 1 he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented tp •the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Return of the names of the Commissioners appointed under an Act, passed in the Parliament of intituled,

" An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate, * and Individuals, in respect of those Cities, Towns, and " Boroughs, which shall cease to fend any Member to Parliament

Ireland—;

Accounts

presented.

CominiflioB-ers for Allow*

apcestoBodtt*

Corporate.

lanes to ire&ors of iland

ivigation,

&c.

cpences

curredby

Committee on VooUen rtanufa&urc ul'pension Bill.

.Reported.

Tone

Mviatkm ill, pried.

*i<h Army ill, ordered.

Jill to enlist roreigner», ordered.

44 Geo. III. 25* Juniu 363

" liament after the Union, and to make Compensation to * those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued " or diminished in value and of the Salaries paid to the said Commissioners; and an Account of the Particulars of the Sum* paid to Rich other Persons as have been employed in the execution of the said Act: And also,

An Account of the Salaries of the Directors General and Officers of the Inland Navigation of since their

appointment, specifying the names of the Persons appointed: And also,

An Account of the Expences incurred by the Directors General of Inland Navigation, in purchasing or taking Houses or Offices for their Meetings, and for tranlafting their business, and furnishing the fame; specifying the Particulars of such Expences, and the Warrant or Authority under which the fame were incurred.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Return and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve kfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to suspend the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, tc An Act to suspend, until the ift day of July 1804, Proceedings in * Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain

Acts relating to the Woollen Manufefture; and also * under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far " as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or con-" cerned in the said Manufacture," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eftcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirfted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. EJlcwrt accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the 10th and nth years of King William the Third, and the 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone, from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, and the sixth year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Burland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces: And that Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Foster, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in

Vox.. 59.

His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to' grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to feme as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkjj'on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Edward Blake, a prisoner for Debt Pfctition* of in the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin: And also, JJr* *{*!"»"*

A Petition of William Grice, a prisoner in the custody of be foduded* the Marlbal of the King’s Bench Prison; in Infoivent

Were severally pre&nted to the House, and read} Debt*nBiU* taking notice of the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and praying the House to take their several cafcs into consideration; and specially to include their names in the said Bill, as proper Persons to obtain relief thereby.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for irilhFeet, appointing, for a tijme to be limited, Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emolu- Bill, ordered* ments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into atiy Abuses which may exist in the lame, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said Offices: And that Mr. Foster, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Evan Nepean, Sir John Newport, and Mr.

Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Dean of Guild, and his Council of the Petition from Merchants’ House otthe City of Glasgow, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Com Laws, have, with much regret, perused the Report of a Committee of the House, recommending a very material and alarming alteration in the existing Corn Laws, which, if carried into effect, will prove in its consequences highly injurious to the Mercantile and Manufacturing Interests of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will reject a meafore so injurious to public prosperity, and so ruinous to individual interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to Crinan Canal whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Crinal Canal, was referred; That the Committee had ex- T amined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his place 1 and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the thirty-third year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll, was read: And,

John Seton Karr, Esquire, Secretary to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, being examined, laid, That the Canal was begun in the year 1794, and carried on durt ing the several years since elapsed; but greater difficulties were experienced than had been expectea, particularly from the hardness of some rocks in the line, and from the shifting or loose nature of some land banks, which protracted the execution of the work; and, in the mean time, the great rife which took place in wages, and in the price of materials, augmented the expence lb as greatly to exceed the Estimates:

That, owing to the pressure of the times, many of the Subscribers became unable to pay their Subscriptions, by which the Funds were diminished £.15,250*

3 fhat.

A. 1804

364

25° Ju

• ‘ That, in consequence of this defalcation, the Company, on the Bond of •Tome individual Subscribers, obtained, in the year 1795, a credit from the Linen Company,

whereon there was advanced to the 31st of December last £.5,027. 41. which, with the interest since accrued thereon, tnuft be paid immediately, as the fame has been called for by the said British Linen Company:

That in the year 1799, an Act passed, on the recital of the said Canal being a work of considerable National Importance, authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance £. 25,000, bearing interest, out of the money arising from the sale of Forfeited Estates in Scotland, for which a preferable security exists on the Canal: That the Company having obtained another Act in the year 1799, to enable them to raise more Money, several of the original Subscribers did advance, under the Authority of that Act, the sum of £.9,900:

That the money already expended on the above National Work amounts to £.140,610. 135. of which liim the Subscribers have advanced £.98,336. 15 10 without

having received any interest; that the remainder has arisen from the Loans from Government, and from the British Linen Company, from new Subscriptions, and from Tolls collected on the Navigation; and that there is due to several Contractors and others, £. 5,403.' 9 5 d. or there-

abouts.

The Witness produced a Report on the said Canal, made by Mr. Thomas ’Telford and Mr. William JeJfop, by which it

appears, that the sum of £.12,787 is required for finishing the work.

And being further examined, he laid, That the Company have in vain endeavoured to raise amongst them-lelv.es, or by borrowing, the money necessary for completing the Canal, and paying the British Linen Company and their other Creditors:

That the said Canal has been made of large dimensions, being twelve feet deep on the fills of tile locks, for allowing Sea-built Vessels carrying from 200 to 250 tons to pass-: That the Canal was opened for the passage of Vessels on the 18th of July 1801; but at that time it was not safe to fill it to a greater depth than eight feet, and Vessels of above 80 tons have since palfed:

That, by means of the said Canal, Vessels can pals in a few hours from the Weft ward to , and from

to the Atlantic, without making the circuit of the Mull of

Cantyre, which requires different winds and tides, and by which Vessels have often been detained for many weeks; and it will allb be of great benefit to that National object the Herring Fishery, because Busses and Vessels in the Eift fide of the Island can pals by the Forth and Clyde Navigation, and by the said Canal, and arrive at the Fishing-grounds on the North-weft Coast of and

verfd, in a very short time, without depending on changes of wind:

That, by the said Canal, a direct and short communica--tion is opened from the Western Islands and the North-weft Coast of Scotland to. Gl, and from thence to Leith and Edinburgh by the Forth and Clyde Navigation, for conveying the various commodities produced in those quarters, and for the conveyance back to these places of Coal for fuel, and of Lime for the cultivation of land, which they are much in want of:

That the said communication will connect, in a very important manner, with the intended Inland Navigation, from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by lnverriefs and Fort William; by which means Ships, going to or coming from Ireland and the Weft of England, in the Baltic Trade, will have a safe passage, without being exposed to the severe gales and heavy seas from the Western Ocean, when going Northward or coming Southward; and Vessels engaged in trade from these Ports, with the Eastern Coasts of England and Scotland, and vice verfd, will be greatly benefited, efpe-

cially in time of War, by passing through this Canal instead of going round by the Land’s End:

That the said Work might have been profitable to the Company, if they had made the Canal of small dimensions j but they were desirous that it might accommodate large Vessels engaged in Foreign Trade, by which the expence was so much increased as to leave but small prospect of ^ny reasonable interest for the money expended, unless by the good effects it shall produce to the Community, the traffic by the said Canal shall very much increase.

The Witness further produced a Statement to the Committee, by which it appeared, that the Tolls allowed to be taken on the said Canal will probably amount to near £. 9,000 annually, when the Canal shall be completed.

And the Witness concluded his Evidence by stating.

That, if the said Canal should be flopped and go to ruin for want of further assistance, the Public will not only be deprived of the great advantages which would arise from it to Commerce, to the Fisheries, and to the Improvement of the Western Islands and North-weft Coast of Scotland, but the money which Parliament has already advanced on Loan mull be entirely loft, and the Subscribers to the Canal materially injured.

Appendix.

Estimate of Money wanted to finish the Crinan Canal, and to pay certain Debts:

Sum in Report of Messrs. JeJfop and Ti £. s. d.

to complete the Works - - 12,787 O o

To pay Contractors.Tradesmen, £. s. d,

and other small debts - 5,403 9 5

The British Linen Company 5,027 4 o

-----10,430 13 5

£.23,217 13 5

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. FoJIer presented to the House, according to Order, rrifc stamp a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties Duties Bill, in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first preeate * time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. HifkiJjonpresented to the House, according to Exchequer

Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His ^faued Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer P Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

And the lame was received;-and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Par- Account of ticulars of the Account, made up to the ill of March 1804, by which the EafiIndia Company claims from Government Company, the sum of £.4,018,000. ordered.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Power to better cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, and Lambeth"°* other public passages and places, within the Parish o Paving Bill.

beth, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, is committed, have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Thy House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report on further consideration the Report from the Committee of f^rfn^f3t,a the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the sale of prize Good* certain East India Prize Goods, in the Port of Liverpool, f«^er^ was committed.

And being informed that the several Merchants of the City of London, who petitioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, desired to be heard on the third reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Counsel until the said Bill be read the third time; and that the ordered. Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said

44 Geo. III.

2 o° j

365

said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Scotch Army Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the sill, reported. wh0ie House, to whom the Bill for establishing and maintaining a a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for supplying Mis Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of,

was re-committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his piace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to amend the Laws for Irish Lirw-n regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, be now read j^*nu^if^Pe the third time. i*,pa>e

The laid Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Billrefpccting itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Cotton to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His dc^errcdffur present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Deputes " that may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged " in the Cotton Manufadlute, in that part of Great Britain " called England."

Bill to prevent counterfeiting Dollars, kc. committed.

Irish Grain, &c. Bill, reported.

Supply,

defined.

Ways and

Means,

deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Reading of the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin ifl'ued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of. England, called Dollars; and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole -House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in- * grafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

VOL. 59.

The ether Order of the day being read;

The House proceeded to the further hearing of counsel, upon the Report of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited.

And the counsel against the Bill were called in.

And one of the counsel for the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the British West India Colonies, was further heard; and, having proposed to offer certain Evidence to the House, in support of the said Petition;

The counsel were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the counsel be again called in; and that the counsel for the said Petitioners be directed to proceed in his evidence;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Counsel further heard on Report of Slave Trade Bill.

Tdter.fortheY«s|JJ;®2&.. }

Tellers for the Noes,}

52*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the counsel were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the counsel be again called in j

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed with respect to the said Amendment.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Banket took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Banket reported from the Committee, That they had made another Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Banket accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

5 A Ordered,

Bill re-committed with rclpc^t to an Amendment.

Considered*

HcMife

adjourned.

Phillips's Nat. Bill, committed.

Hogsthorpe and Mumby Inclosure Bill, reported.

Ampleforth 1» closure Bill, reported.

Woodstock and Kidding* ton Road* Bill, reported.

25*—-26°—27° Junii. A. 1804.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. r

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tortriornow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martisy26° die

Anno 440 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the clock, flJTr. Speaker took the Chair* and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments "were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, according to irish Army

Order, a Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Bill>Pr*ente‘i Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces: And the lame was received; and read the first: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mercurii, 27° Junii;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi , was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldivin, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately,resolve itself Committwon into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^insolvent* the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Debtors.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the ljid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.'

Mr. Bagwell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Bagwell reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr, Baldivin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hogsthorpe and Mumby-cum-Chapel, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;- and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Lafcelksreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill lor inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships and Territories of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodflock' Vo Roll Right Lane, and other

Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for allowing the Sale of Billrefpctfing certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool, be on^Goods, "*>

read the third time Tommorrow. deterred. --5

Resolved, That this House will, uport Friday next, re- £;n respeaing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the a I Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year j

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling " Disputes that mayarife between Mailers and Workmen " engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that part of " Great Britain called England."

The House being informed that Mr. Deputy Oant of 'J:

Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of attended Sonota^ic.’

at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented of Lancaster, to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

Copy of the Grant of the Office of Prothonotary of Common Pleas, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Right honourable John Charles Villiers, dated 2til January 1775.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers

of this Session. 1

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill further to suspend the Woollen operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, ^iaf"eun^nlire intituled, "An Act to suspend, until the ill day of July wolfed.

" 1804, Proceedings, in Actions, Prosecutions, and Pro-" ceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen " Manufacture; and also, under an Act of the Reign of A

" Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain " Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufac-" ture," be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and also, under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said M anufacture.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lnfcelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, j

cofch Army fcil, pailed.

Kill for •egulating the Joru Trade, jrefented.

Bill to enlilt

Foreigners,

prefcuted.

Account of Claims of the Fall India Company, presented.

Jfpirtdix.

(No. 54.)

Ixchequer Bills Biir, . committed.

Report

Expiring

Laws*

44 Geo. III. 27° Juniu 367

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Reaim, and for supplying His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland, be now.read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Wefiern presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great and the Duties and

Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from, Ireland': And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a, second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabiing Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all penonswho may havead-vised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid: And the fame was received; and read the firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, '

Particulars of the Account, made up to the ift of March 1S04, by which the East India Company claims from Government the sum of £.4,018,000.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Mem. bers of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of " Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im-M portation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark * shall exceed a certain rate, for a limited time," which was to continue in force for the term of five years, and Vol. 59.

from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by another Act made in the 17th year of His present Majesty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act. by another Act made in the 24th year of His present Majesty, was revived; and continued for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and by two oth^r Acts, made in the 30th and 36th years of His present Majesty, was continued fur the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the end of " the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the 35th " year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue " and amend an Act made in the 26th year of the Reigri * of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for the more " effectual encouragement of the Fisheries, and to

" amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries and im-" proving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom," which was amended and continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, and revived, amended, and continued by two Acts of the 41ft and 42d years of His present Majesty, until the 5th day of April 1804, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco in Ireland, and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency; And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That art Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 3ad year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the increase of Agriculture and " Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal preference in the " Corn Trade, between this Kingdom and Great ,"

might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the 25th day of March 1805, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising, or carrying into execution, a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Distillation, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in for the year

1804, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself

Irish Custora* and Excile Bill,

presented.

A£h relating to Corn and Spirits in Ireland, to he considered.

Irish Stamp Duties Bill, committed.

Irish Grain, &c. Bill, passed.

Minutes of

Evidence on

Calico

Printers

Petition,

ordered.

Bill respecting Prize Agency, put off for three months.

Bill to prevent counterfeiting Dollars, &c. deferred.

Committee on King’s JVJeffage.

R'ipniv,

dnerred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

368

27"—28" Juntt. 1804.

self into a Committee of the whole House, uoon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue* for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one passed in the 4zd year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to

Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the first day of Juiy one thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be: exported from Great Britain to and from Ireland

to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation cf Seed Corn from Great Britain to , and the Importation

of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the Slave Trade, palfcd.

The other Order of the day being read, for the third Bill for reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Abolition of

o . 0 , ,• , the Slave

irade, at a time to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The House divided.

The Noes w'ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas* H;* fZ’thU . 1 69*

Tellers for the Noes,

{"Sir IViHi am 2o;:ng, \ Y! r. Fuller:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time. Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a limited time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow -Morning, Ten of the dock.

Jovis, 28° die Junii

Anno 44° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Journeymen Calico Printers, and others working in that Trade, in the Counties of Lancaster, Derby, Chester, and Stafford, in England, and in the Counties of , Renfrew, Dunbarton, Stirling, and Perth, in Scotland, was referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for better securing the regular and speedy Distribution of Prize Money, and for the Regulation of the business of Prize Agents, be read a second time upon this day three months.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of , called

Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of , called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 10th day of May last, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Twelve hundred Pounds for the better support of the Viscountess and for fe-

curing and extending the fame in such manner as shall be thought most efi’eftual for the benefit of the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

'Flic Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this Houie will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prayers.

SIR John William Anderson reported from the Com- phtllins* mittec, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Nit. b h, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips, ^j"1'an

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing and im- Woorfstock. proving the Roads leading from to Roll Right

Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the RlnUBiU, County of Oxford, was read the third time. paiieJ.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodfock to Roll Right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Monmouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect:- Wr,ting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Henry commonly called Lord Charles Henry who, since his

election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

A Petition of the Land Owners, Clergy, Hop Planters, petition and others, interested in the cultivation of Hops, was pre- respeeHn-thi fented to the House, and read; letting forth, Teat the Pe- HopiV °U titioners feel regret that they are compelled (especially at this time) to addrels the House for relief from the present Duties imposed on Hops; and from the facts herein after stated, unto which many others equally clear might be added, and which they are ready to prove to the Houie, they hope, that the impolicy as well as the partiality of the Tax will evidently appear; and that it is a wftl known fact, to persons intimately acquainted with the Hop concerns, that the most plentiful crops are frequently very heavy loli'es to the Planters, as by tire vicinity of the Hop plantations, and the publicity of the Duty collected therefrom, the buyer and feller equally ascertain the product previous to its being brought to market; it has therefore 6 ' - been

44 Geo. III. 28° Junin

been generally by the high prices obtained from fniall and the Governdr and Company of the Bank of called

partial crops that the Hop Planters have been enabled to Tokeris; and to prevent the bringing into the United sustain the expences attending their plantations; yet, from Kingdom, or uttering, aity counterfeit Dollars or Tokens* the late introduction of substicutes in lieu of Hops in the be now read.

v

bittering of Beer, those prices cannot in future be de pended on j and that the Petitioners, frorti experience, have found that the quantity of Hops produced in the two sea-fons preceding the late heavy Duty of 1802, were nearly one-third more than were produced in the two seasons fub-sequent thereto, yet the prices on the average during the

And the said Order being'read accordingly;

The HoUfe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. HuJkiJJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujkif'on reported from the Committee, That they

two former years, were higher by the hundred weight than had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments in the two latter years, notwithstanding the dccrealed pro- thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheri

duct and heavy additional Duty; from which it appears to the Petitioners, that the said Duty "is borne by the Hop Planters only; and that not only the inevitable ruin of immense numbers of the Petitioners mull follow a continuation of the aforesaid Tax, but without its Repeal a plentiful supply of that most necessary article in, the bittering of Beer (the Hop) cannot be regularly obtained: And

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

Mr. Bagwell,according to Order, reported from the Bill for belief

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed, the Amend- netted, ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and

Barrow Road Bill, reported.

therefore praying the House to grant such relief as to them which they had directed him to report to the House; and shall seem proper. he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and Sir Francis Burdett reported from the Committee, to then a second time, one by one; and; upon the Question whom the Bill for enabling the Keepers and Governors of severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House. the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Gram- OrdereThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-mar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on- grossed.

the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and OrdereThat the said Bill be read the third time To* Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, morrow, for repairing the Road from Harrow-on-the-Hill to London

to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts lor An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Town- Ampleforth keeping the said Road in repair, was committed; That ship or Townships and Territories of Ampleforth and Of- incjWurvBilli the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, waldkirk, in the County of York, was read the third time. passed*

The Lords have agreed to

English Army Bill*

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report In his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An ACfc for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; without any Amendment: And also.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. Pr. a. Pr. 3. Pr. 5. Pr. 13.

Pr. 14. Pr. 18. Pr. 19. Pr. 22.

Pr. 23. Pr. 24.

1. 2.

1.28. 1. 5* 1. 4. 1. 7. 1.22.

1.29. I.26.

1.30. 1. 6. 1.14.

1-34-1.35* 1.12.

1.11.

1.12. 1.20.

3-

Bill for Sale

Pr. 26.

Pr-37*

Pr.39.

&40 Pr.40. I.38.

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories.’*

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories.’*

To leave out " and Territories.",

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

After " Divisions," to insert To leave out " or Territories."

After " Divisions," to insert or,’* and to leave out " or Territories."

After u Divisions," to insert To leave out * or Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

To leave out " and Territories."

" or.*

" or."

1-39 1

To leave out " and Territories.’*

To leave out " an«| Territories."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiort

__ ^___ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Arckbishop for veiling the capital Messuage, with the appurtenances, of Dublin’* fttuate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called " The

" Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at Saint Sepulchre's,"

in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for apply- severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House i And th<f ing the purchase money, together with another sum therein Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, mentioned, in manner and for the purposes therein men- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* tioned; without any Amendment: Arid also, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townlhipor Town*

efton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ships of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of

Inclosure Bill, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ufton, in the County Ordered, That Mr. fvilberforce do carry the Bill to of Berks; without any Amendment: And also, the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lords have paised a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tighe, Esquire, with Esher The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Counsel heard Tighe, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and of the ingrossed Bill for allowing the sale of certain Edft

The Lords have patted

Tighe’s Divorce Bill*

for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords India Prize Goods in the Port of

Bill rad.

Committee on Bill to prevent counterfeiting Dollars, &c.

desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars; and Silver Coin which may be issued by Vot. 59.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time.

Then the counsel for the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London was called in.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

And the said Petition was also read :—And the counsel was heard -And then hi? was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander dp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence*;

5 B Lord

Bill rclpc£lin g East India Prize Goods*

Bill, passed*

Brin £t on Rtclosure Bill* Imported*

Bill for regulating the Corn Trade, committed.

Considered.

Reported.

Petition of certain Persons complaining of Mr. Justice Fox.

370

8° Junil

A. 1804

■ Lord Viscount llincmn? brook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brington, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from, land, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Lascelles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the- Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Monday," in order to in-’

fert the word " Thursday," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment and Motion were, severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of William Jlrmj, John Fauffet, Noble Weir, James Frith, Patrick Dundas, Hugh Dundas, John Fiddis, William Gray don, George John Cooke, George

Moore, and James Moore, all of the County of Fermanagh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were sworn upon a Petit Jury at the last Summer Assizes, held at Enniskillen, in and for the County of Fermanagh, to try three persons of the names of John Fletcher, Hugh Keys, and James Sharpe, for the murder of one Nicholas Morris; and that the principal witnesses, produced on the part of the Crown, to prove the said crime against the persons charged, were Cormick Maguire and James M’Nab, two persons whose characters were well

known to the Petitioners, and to moll of the persons in their neighbourhood who usually compose the Petit Jury; and that Rewards had been offered by the Government of the Country, by Proclamation, and by the Gentlemen of the County, to an amount of nearly . 8oo. for prosecuting to conviction any of the persons concerned , in the said ■,murderj notwithstanding which, several months had elapsed

before any information was given relative thereto by the said M’Nab and Maguire, or any person whatsoever; and that the said M’Nab and Maguire, induced by the said Reward (as the Petitioners think they have a right to presume) came forward, and made examinations against the persons aforesaid; and, on the said trial, on which the Petitioners were the Jury, proved that they were in afield at fonie distance from the place where the murder was committed, at the time when the fatne was perpetrated; and that when the persons who perpetrated the fame were beating and battering with sticks and Hones the said deceased Nicholas Morris, they the said witnesses had heard the deceased call upon the Prisoners (who were so tried by the Petitioners) by name, net to kill him, and that they heard other words pass from the deceased; but neither they, nor any Witness for the Crown, identified the Prisoners as having been present, either from free or voice; and that it appeared to the Petitioners,'that none of the said Prisoners had lied for or on account of the said murder; that they had been admitted to bail at the preceding Assizes, and had surrendered in discharge of their Bail, and each of the said Prisoners gave moll respectable testimony of their good moral and religious character; and that the Petitioners considered themselves, under thebleffcdConftitution under which they live, and which they have armed to support and defend, as the Judges not only of the matter of fact which they were sworn to try, but the credit of the Witnesses produced to prove that fact; and that the Honourable Judge Fox,who prelided on that trial, after recapitulating the evidence to them, charged them very llrongly to find the Prisoners guilty; and that when the Petitioners had retired to their room, and came to weigh the evidence, and the credit of the Witnesses, they were of opinion that the evidence was not entitled to such credit from them, nor was there such certainty in their account astojuftify a verdict of Guilty, and their taking away the lives of three men; and that the Petitioners are ready to lay a note of the evidence before Parliament, to justify their verdict, if they are permitted to do so; and that when the Petitioners delivered their verdict, the said Honourable Judge expressed much dissatisfaction thereat; and that on the next morning, when the Court was full, the said Honourable Judge Fox called on the Clerk of the Crown to furnish him with a List of the names of the Petitioners, which having received, he caused the whole of the Grand Inquest of the County, then sworn, and fitting in their room on the public business, to be called into the Court House, when, in the face of the whole County, the said Honourable Judge Fox stigmatized the Petitioners as men not worthy to be believed on their oaths, and as unfit ever again to act in the capacity of Jurors, and cautioned the said Grand Jury and others never thereafter to hold communion or intercourse with them; that he ordered the Clerk of the Crown to deliver in a list of their names to every succeeding Judge as men unfit to be Jurors, that they might prevent their serving as such thereafter; and that he ordered the High and Under Sheriff to deliver a list of their names to the succeeding Sheriff, with a direction to hand them down from Sheriff to Sheriff as branded with the infamy of a verdict, which was for ever to render them unworthy of credit, and ordered that their names should be publicly potted up as such in the Grand Jury-room; and that the Petitioners, though not men of large Estates, arc men of substance, and have heretofore enjoyed not only good, but they think they may add high, characters for honesty and integrity among their neighbours, and in the County in general, an inheritance more dear to them to hand unful-lied to their children than any adventitious gift of fortune; and that, valuing their characters above all human enjoyments, they have felt-debased in their own eyes until they shall have had a public investigarion of their conduct, and reparation for what they conceive to be the greatest of all possible injuries; And therefore praying the House to take the premilcs into their consideration, and permit the Petitioners to prove the fame at the Bar of the House, and thereupon to afford liich satisfaClion to the Petitioners as the justice and merits of their case, and the conduct of the said Judge to them, may entitle them, and as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

44 Geo. III. 28° Junii. 371

ount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, mcesof of the Calli Balances in the hands of the several Collectors of Customs and Excise respectively on the 5th of January reiund, 1804, and the Amount thereof remaining in their hands :rcd* on the 14th of January, as Hated by the Clerk, of the Revenue to the Treasury of Ireland.

nmitteeon Ordered, T\\2.t the Order of theday, for the House torefolve shBiner itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to iliue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great , for the year

one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Hie House relolved'itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Jiad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State-iir-ar.n ment of the Annual Estimated Cost and Charges, and of the les,ordered. Sale Amount, of the East India Company’s Sales in England, from the year ending the ill of March 1799 to the 1 ft of March x 804, respectively; distinguishing the India from the China Goods.

«rutrer=ft A Bill for enabling Subjects of Foreign States toenlift mmi'tted! as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty tp eniift any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Befo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a j Liw*?Pir" Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions which were,yesterday, reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

maica, &c. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 27 th a! so be year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and

nfidered. Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah-la Montego Bay, and Santa Lv.cea, in the liland of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

temoek, Ac. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Writ- ' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elcft-Vol. 59.

ing of a Commissionef, to serve in this present Parliament* for the District of Burghs of Dornock, Tain, Dingwall, Wick, and Kirkwall, in the room of the Right-honourable John Charles Viliiers, who, since hib election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the office of Chief Pn-tbonotary of the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House,to whom it was referred, to take into consideration H:s Majesty’s most Gracious rdpefHn? Message of the 10th day of May last, relating to His vifcouiitef* Majesty’s recommendation for granting an Annility of K"warden‘ . Twelve hundred Pounds for the better support of the Vif-countess Kilwarden; and for securing and extending the fame in such manner as shall be thought most effectual for the benefit of the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, the Resolution which the Committee had’ directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, cur-

rency, be granted to His Majesty, out of the Conf flidated Fund of Ireland, to commence from the 23d day of July 1803, and be paid to the Viscountels Kilwawidow of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench in during her life; and at her decease the sum of Eight hundred Pounds per annum to devolve on her (bn John Lord Viscount Kilwarden, and be payable for his life and the life of the person to whom the title of Lord Viscount Ki'warden Ijiall next descend; and the sum of Four hundred Pounds to devolve on her two daughters Mary Anne and Elizabeth, for their joint lives, and the life of the survivdr, and at their decease to be payable in like manner as the said sum of Eight hundred Pounds per annum.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fofter, and General Loft us, do prepare, and-bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Account of Treasury of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called B.ijwcs of _ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to cultom’^&c. their Order, in Ireland,

An Account of the Cash Balances in the hands of the Prelented* Collectors of Excise and Customs respectively,on the 5th (fey of January 1804, and the Amount thereof remaining in their hands on the 14th of January, as returned by the Clerk of the Revenue to the Treasury of Ireland.

And then he withdrew; and the Tide was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix. this volume. (No. 55.)

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the irish Cujtom* Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein *ng®xofe mentioned, into Ireland; and all'o certain Duties of Exctfe committedi on Spirits, Malt, and Tabacco, in Ireland-, and for the increate of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tq-morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

» , . t

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committ«eon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon info stamp* the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read.

And

1

1

372

2S°-—2 9° yunit. A. 1804.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ) which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the iteport be received Tommorrow.

Order for lridi Pees, 4c. Commission-efs Bill, discharred, and another •rdcied.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday lad, " That leave be given to bring in a Bill for " appointing, for a time to be limited, Commissioners to * enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emo-" luments, which are, or have been lately received, in the " several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to * examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame;

* and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for " the better conducting and managing the business trans-* acted in the said Offices," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately received, in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned} to examine into any Abuses a Inch may exist in the lame} and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, ififuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland: And that Mr. Fofi Mr. Chancellor ot tl.e Exchequer, Sir Evan Nepean, Sir John , and Mr.

Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee on Arts relating to Corn and Spirit* in Ireland, deferred*

The other Order of the day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament ot Ireland in the jzd year of His present Majesty, and in this

Erefent Session of Parliament, relating to ihe Corn Trade etween Great Britain and Ireland and to the Distillation of Spirits from Oats and Oatmeal, and also to the Duty on Malt in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris,29* die Junii

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

P*AYfc*3.

Xortl AiT«nt A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the to Bill*. /I Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the delire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty* Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned} and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffix, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills} and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Camden, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and

notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force lor the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces} and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England:

An Act for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be la;d annually before Parliament:

An Act to exempt from Duties, on Export, all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom:

An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attcrnies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the time limited by an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates:

An Act for the preventing ot Bribery and Corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth years of His present Majesty, for the erectinga Couit House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster, and for purchttfing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and Ring Street, in the said City, for the use of the Public:

An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called " The Palace of the Archilhop of Dublin, at Saint Sepulchre's," in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and for applying the purchase money, together with an >ther sum therein mentioned, in manner, and for the purj oses therein mentioned:

An Act for making further provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called Yhe Caledonian Canal, fr in the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inver n.fs and Fort William in Scotland:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eilefmere Can l to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Eilefmere Cannl,at or near the Aqueduct at in t e Panih ot Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said canal with water:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for amending and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same:

An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the county of:

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein:

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the suburbs of the said City; for paving the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and suburbs } and forotherwise improving the said City:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Weft end of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned;

and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle,in the said County, to the River Severn:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland:

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the powers of two Acts, pafl*.’d for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of W to Latcheit's Bridge, near the East end of Market Lavington, and other Roads, in 11 the

44 Geo. III. 29° Juniu 373

the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, of the twenty-second year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the WitlerjleyTurnpike Road, near Part on, to

Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester:

An Act for altering and amending several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County:

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North end of Old Malt on Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York:

An Act for reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtysecond year of his late Majesty and in the third year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and j repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the county of:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the term, and consolidating into one Act, several " Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn " Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein " mentioned," and for granting other powers for the amendment and repair of the said Roads:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Market-place in Cromford, to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to Newhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-ninth years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of York:

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of fevwal Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner, in in the several

Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, certain other Roads:1 An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the will of Thomas Cureton, Esquire, to carry into execution certain Agreement? entered into by John Cureton, Esquire, his Son, for the sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County:

An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for laying out the money arising from the Sale thereof, in the purchase of Estates in the County of Essex, to be settled to the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote:

Vol. 59.

An Act for discharging John late of in

the County of Monmouth, but now of the City of in

the County of Somerset, Esquire, from being a Truttee of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Burges, late of Weymouth Street, Portland Place, in the County of Esquire,

deceased, and for diverting the Fee-simple and Inheritance of such parts of the fame Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Barges, as, by his will, are devised to the said John Fydcll as a Trustee, out of the said Fydcll, and for vesting the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the fame Freehold Estates in Abraham Toulmin, Esquire, as a Trustee in the place and Itead of the said John Fydcll:

An Act for inclosing Lands within (he several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise land cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sinionium, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair;, the Embankments and other works on the South fide of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in repair, other Embankments and Works, to prevent injury being done, as well to the allotments of Land made by virtue of an Act, passed in the eighteenth year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Sallney Marsh, as also to certain Lands, the property of Sir Stephen Richard Baronet:

An Act for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manors and Parish of K,in the County of Northampton:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keinton Mandefield,in the County of Somerset:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimplesham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Shadd Common, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Guiting, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the lame Parish:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of Bringhurst, Great Easton, and Drayton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Topcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of otherwise Rifelip, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Mar-ton, in the County of Westmorlatid, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Whitwood, in the Parish of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordships of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Roufby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinderzvell, in the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton:

5 C Aa

374

29° Jumi. A. 1804.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Berks:

An Act for naturalizing Michael: ^-

An Act for naturalizing Ch Henry: An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi PJiil/ips.

Brington Inclosure Bill, palTecL

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brington, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brington, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Cuji do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Harrow An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Keepers and Go-

R°?d.By,» vernors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the * * Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of

Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County' of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow-on-the-Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Hill, in. the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow-on-the-Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Burdett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

iflip inclosure Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Bui,presented. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iflip, in the County of Oxford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, for offences committed against the Revenue, was presented to the House, and read; taking no-,n inioivcm ^ce ^or ^e Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And

©ebtonliili. Paying, That the provisions of the said Bill may be extended to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition of

certain Pri loners ia Newgate to be included

* n Tr\

Hodthorpe A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for in-c ^ng Lands in the Parishes of Hogsthorpe and Mumby paired. ’ cum Chapel, in the County of Lincoln, be now read the third time;

Sir Evan Nepean (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third tipie. i Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

' An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hogsthorpe and Mumby cum Chapel, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Aihvick Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom

reported6 Blll> ^ie Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlwick, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had beencom-' plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their consent to the adding of a Commissioner thereto; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for Belief ‘ ing of the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, ^e^erit be now read. paired.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally propoftd to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. x. 1.16. To leave out from therein" to * truly,"

, in line 17. j

Pr. 5. 1.18. To leave out from " such" to " Prison," in line 19. '

Pr. 11. 1. 2t. To leave out from " any" to the end of the line, and insert " Prison," instead thereof. I

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the j

Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That "Mr. Shaw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the clay, for the House to Blllrefpeainj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Cotton the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th d^edfure’ year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that " part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords

Simeon: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woollen to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight ^fUl^re hundred and five, the operation of an Act, passed in the r;ii last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Totham for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the 1"clofureB ‘1, County of Essex; without any Amendment.

And then the Mell'engers withdrew.

Mr. Httjkiffdn, according to Order, reported from the Bill to proem Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- counrericit-vent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of E, called Dollars; and Silver Coin, which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the PaTilh of Great Staugh- Staugliron ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a second time. incioiuic Bii, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison, to‘'nutlt 4 Air.

Iddrefs for urther \ccount of rloney issued mi iuant to Lid i dles.

Committee on

amnica, &c. Free Ports A.d, deferred.

Report on certain Expiring Laws.

44 Geo. III. 29° Jimik 375

Mr. Chaplin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a further Account of all sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addreflesof this House, and which have not yet been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in several Ports in the ‘ Islands of ’Jamaica, Grenada, Dom, and New Providence,

under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the iath year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manu.’assure of * Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im-* portation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate, for a limited time," which was to continue in force for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by another Act, made in the 17th year of His present Majesty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by another Act, made in the 24th year of His present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further terra of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and by two other Acts, made in the 30th and 36th years of His present Majesty, was continued for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be amended, and made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the end of " the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the 35th " year of His present Majesty, to continue and amend an " Act, made in the a6th year of His present Majesty, intitul-" ed. An Act for the more effectual encouragement of the " British Fisheries, and to amend an Act, made in the " twenty-sixth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts " of this Kingdom," which was amended and continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, and revived, amended, and continued, by two Acts of the 41ft and 42d years of His present Majesty, until the 3th day of April 1804, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. and Mr. Hufkifjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Enfkifjon,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 39.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Exchequer the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from irift stamp the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties Bill» granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, rePorte<1, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow Irift Bank the circulation of Bank Notes, under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restrain the future issue of them, under certain limitations,in Ireland: And that Mr.

51 Evan Nepean, Sir George Fitzgerald Hill, Sir John Newport, Mr. James Fitzgerald, and Mr. Henry , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Irift Revenue solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill, deferred, the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Ad- Irift Army ditional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of co^'|ttwi. the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Bill. Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobaccq, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chairi

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

•That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The

Supply*

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Bill to enlist

Foreigners,

deferred.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Exchequer Bills Bill, passed.

376

29°—30° Jtmii. A. 1804.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions j and to indemnify all persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 30° die Junii;

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain irish Stamp Stamp Duties in Ireland, was, according to Order, read Duties Bid, the third time. puffed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. St urges Bourne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lord?

Simeon: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inth Grain, to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight &<=. Bill, hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for regulating the prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Anno 44* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804. Prayers.

AMESSAGE by Mr. Quarm, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House, of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to one Public Bill and one Private Bill, therein-mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Walfingltam,named also in the said Commission, did

accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex.

The ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges Bourne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Hujkiffonpresented to the House, by His Majesty’s Accounts

command, preitnud;

An Account of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s c*vii Lift. Civil List Revenues, for the quarter ending the 5th of April 1804: And also,

An Account of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s D».

Civil List Revenues, for the quarter ending the 5th of July 1804: And also,

An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services Monies for from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the sum that will be wanted to make good the deficiency of the Vote for defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at home, for the year 1803.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The two first* of the said Accounts, and the other f *(^0.30.) Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this t( * 5^-) volume. 1

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Iri®> Coftomi the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, reported, granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise oh Spirits,

Malt, and Tobacco in Ireland-, and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout ;• and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were (

made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Lady Kil- 1 to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity warden’s on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late preftnteT

Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

.And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Aylesbury

Writ.

Buckingham

Borough

Writ.

Arlfey

IncIcrfurcBilJ,

reported*

wide nclufure Bill, ailed

Chatham, &c->dnance jndii Bill, ftfered#

ecount of amp DutieSj xicrtrd.

cfented.

sippr ndix.

\o. 57.)

44 Geo. III. Julii.

377

Luncc, Q° d Julii;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1 804.

Prayers.

Q RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the county of,

in the room of Robert Bent, Esquire, whose election for the said Borough has been determined to be void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of ingham, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Grenville, who, since his election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Brogden do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford, was committed.

Mr. Brogden accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, and allb to the changing of one of the Commissioners therein named, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlvjick, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Brogden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ip Trustees, for better securing HisJVlajesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at War ley Common: And that Mr. Wellesley Pole, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-1 count of the Grols Produce of the Stamp Duties, for the year ended the 5th day of January 1804; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Amount arising from each document, article, inftcument, or thing, on which the Duty attaches.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the said Account.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

• volume.

Vox.. 59.

Mr. Roje reported to the Hotife, That their Address of Answrr to Friday lait (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased Addrest. to give directions, that the Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. from the* Particulars of

Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the for Ireland, House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Particulars of the Dil of the Grant and other sums paid for the services of the Barrack Department in Ireland, for the year 1803: And also.

An Account of the Particulars of the Sums, stated in the return of the Disposition of Grants for the service of the year 1803, in Ireland,under the head of Office of Ordnance;

And also.

An Account of the Disposition of the Grant of f.i 5,000. for Civil’ Buildings in Ireland, for the year 1803: And also,

An Account of the Particulars of the Disposition of the Grant for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, for the year 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to Southwark whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in Paving Bill, the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets reporte and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame: And also the Courts,

Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the lame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Bill to prevent Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank counterfeit-of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Breland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

called Dollars; and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges Bourne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of Gerard Irvifie, Esquire, of Rockfield, in Petitioner the County of Fermanagh, the late High Sheriff of that Mr. irvmc. County, u'as presented to the House, and read; setting Air?' *"b forth, That the day previous to the Commission-dav of justiceFov the last Summer Assizes for the said County, the Petitioner, anxious to pay all the respect in his power to the Judges of Assize, and the bearers of the Commission of his beloved Sovereign, sent a Person to the County of Cavan to wait on the Judges in his name, and learn from them the hour he should meet them at the Bounds of the County; and that the Honourable Mr. Justice Fax'having named an hour for that purpose, the Petitioner resolved 5 D to

378

2‘

0 Juhl.

A. 1804

to be at the proper place before the time appointed, with such attendants as usual, and dressed as well as became the Petitioner’s fortune, and with which the Judges on the Spring Circuit had not found any fault; and that the Petitioner resides near the extremity of the County mod distant from where the Judges were to enter it, and was therefore obliged to set out from his own house the day before the day on which the Judges were to enter the fame, and to ileep at a small and indifferent Inn in the Village of Newtown Butler, which can only afford accommodation

for two or three persons, and that very indifferent, on earthen floors, from which circumstances the Petitioner could not expect the Gentlemen of the County to submit to such accommodation, merely to be in his posse to receive the Judges; and that, in compliance with the Petitioner’s requett, a number of Gentlemen of the County did meet the Judges some miles from the County Town, on the day of their arrival; and that the Petitioner would have been at the Bounds of the County at lead half an hour before;the time appointed by Mr. Justice , but he, having come at an earlier hour than he had appointed, had advanced into the Petitioner’s Bailiwick about two miles before the Petitioner and his attendants came up; and that the Petitioner, on meeting the Judges, went up, with his hat off, to apologize, and mention, the caul'e of his not being at the Bounds of the County when they arrived, when the Honourable Justice Fox, in the mod insulting manner, without noticing the Petitioner, ordered his postilion to drive on; and that, on going into the Court-house (though the Judge was in his riding dress, in boots, &c.) after the Petitioner going to his carriage to wait on him, on his coming out he rushed by the Petitioner in a mod violent manner, ordering the Petitioner, in the mod insulting language, to take off his hat; and that, although the Petitioner had paid him every respect as aforesaid, and he and his Brother Judge had honoured the Petitioner with their company at dinner on the preceding day, the said Honourable Judge Fox,in his charge to the Grand Jury, delivered in the face of the County, used the mod gross and degrading language to the Petitioner, such as had never before been addressed to him (the Petitioner then aiding as High Sheriff) for not having come to meet him on his entering the Bounds of the County, and charged the Petitioner, in the grossed manner, with farming out to hire his Bailiwick, which the Petitioner never did, and concluded by imposing on the Petitioner a fine of for not meeting him as aforesaid; and that the Petitioner humbly conceives, that, although his not being at the Bounds of the County to meet the Judge on his entrance was an omission, it was owing to the Judge being so much earlier than the time he had appointed, which may appear by the affidavit of Mr. George Bell, the person the Petitioner sent to the County of Cavan (in place of his Sub-sheriff, who was then indisposed, and isfincedead) to wait on the Judges in his name, and receive their commands, and particularly to know the hour at which the Petitioner should be in waiting for them; these circumstances considered, the Petitioner truds it was not such a crime as to merit opprobrious censure, and so heavy a fine; and that the Petitioner feels degraded and abused in the eyes of his country, so long as the injury he has dated remains unre-dressed; and that the Petitioner can verify on oath the truth of the foregoing Petition: And therefore praying the House to afford the Petitioner fuchredrefs as to judice may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Further Account of Money iit'ued pursuant to Addresses, p relented.

JpUndix.

(No. 58.)

The House being informed that \jr. Bul/ey, from the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-dress to His Majesty,

An Account of all sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament; together with a duplicate thereof. And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The laid Account is inferred in the Appendix to this volume.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The l*js Stratford: i;vca-et':t9 '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Taviftcck.&c. for amending and repairing several Roads leading from RoadiBw. the Guildhall and Market-house in to A'ew

Bridge, to Greston Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Rtccard's House, to Cherrybrook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Moruiellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inv«mers for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Road* Blll» Inverness,' towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Netherdiie for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether dale, in the incioiureBiiL: Weft Hiding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saint Andrew for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham; with an Amendment; to JithYiT ' ’ which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this Amendment,; House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- iri(hCustom» ing of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Exc!‘\

r\ .1 T . ° r .1 r> 1 it; 1 Bill, rad the Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and third time. Merchandize, therein mentioned, into Ireland-, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland-, and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the lame payable in British currency, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tommorrow.

A Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum being British offered to be presented to the House; Museum

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s eution’ command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, hav- '

ing been informed of the contents of the said Petition, j

recommends it to the confederation of the House. j

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That His Majesty having been graciously pleased to order the valuable Egyptian Amtiquiries, which were acquired by His Majesty’s victorious arms during the late Expedition to Egypt, to be deposited in The British Museum, the Petitioners provided temporary coverings for their, preservation, which, nevertheless, are found to be insufficient for protecting them from the injury of the weather; and it is apprehended that, unless better secured, they may in a short time be materially defaced, whereby His,

Majesty’s gracious intentions will be frustrated, to the detriment of Science, and the disparagement of these memorable Trophies of National Glory; and that the Peti-

tioners, desirous to prevent consequences so much to be regretted, have caused a Plan and Estimate to be prepared of an addition to the present Building, for the purpose of effectually preserving these valuable Monuments in a suitable manner, as well as for the reception of other important specimens of the fine Arts already in their possession, and to which, it is hoped, that material additions may be made from time to time; but, as the Petitioners are unable to proceed in the execution of so necessary a work, which, upon the mod exact computation, cannot be completed at a less expence than yf. 16,000, without the Public Aid, they submit the whole matter to the wiidom and munificence of Parliament, conceiving that they should be wanting to the Public in the execution of the trust with which they have been invested, if they omitted to represent these circumstances, in confidence that an Institution so honourable to this Country will never fail to receive the support of the Legifiaturc.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

IQ Ordered,

44 Geo. III. . 2° Julll.

379

Iritiih fui'cum Ian, &c. rdered.

Committee of upply.

Account?, cc. referred.

'ivii Lift*

Monies for Public Sci vices*

Coavi&s.

Naval

Defence.

African

Company*

Veterinary

College.

Shetland

IiUnds.

Orkney

Itlandt.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

WeedonBeck

Sir James Wright.

Ordered, That the Plan and Estimate, referred to in the said Petition, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Reports, which were made to this House in the last Session of Parliament, and in this present Session, from the Select Committees, appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil Lilt Revenues, and other matters relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s Civil' Lift Revenues, for the quarter ending the 5th of April x 804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Eltimated Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the quarter ending the 5th of July 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the sum that will be wanted to make good the deficiency of the Vote for defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence that has been, and will be incurred, in consequence of the Orders given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for increasing the Naval Defence of the Country, since the 15th May 1804, be referred to the said Cofnmittee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called ‘The Veterinary College-, and also the several Accounts, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the said Institution j be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners of Lands in the Islands of Shetland, for themselves, and on behalf of the other Heritors and Inhabitants of the said Ilhndsj and, also the Report upon the said Petition; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Lord,

His Majesty’s Lieutenant, of the County , of Orkney, for himself, and on behalf of other Owners of Land in the Islands of Orkney, and the humble Petition of fames Chalmer, Esquire, agent for other Landholders in the said Islands: and also the Report upon the said Petition; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed for the purposes of an Act, for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors ot Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence for making, and keeping in repair, Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " —

" Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir fames Baronet,

Archibald Hamilton, and William Knox, Esquires, surviving Executors of the last will and testament of Sir fames Wright, Baronet, deceased, formerly Governor of the Province of Georgia, in North America and also the Report upon the said Petition; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

• Mr. Henry Alexander reported from thfe Committee, That they Jrad come to several Resolutions; which they Vo L. 59.

had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Irish Army resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bjl1’deterred, the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, Tint this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-* Account count of the Expence incurred, or contra died for, in pur- Wc'm':nfter chafing ground for the site of the Court House for the City Court House, of Westminster. ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House CO Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to J^'^sand consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, Tlmt this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Wfli Revenue resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon' BiB*drferre<1-the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited* several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’i t

Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein* b* now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee..

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the* feepnd Lady Kil-Reading of the Bill for settling andlecurir.g a certain AnnuityBifl, Annuity on the Viscountess Kiluarden, and on the Family committed, of the late Arthur Lord VII'count Kilwarden, be now rend.

And the said Ordef being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House toill. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself Committee on into a Committee of the whole House, to confide* of an £rHp,r*c' Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for Act,deferred, allowing the Importation and Exportation ot certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, in several Ports in the islands of famaica, Grenada, Dominica, and Nezy Providence, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, refo1v$ Billtoenlift itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling Subjecti of Foreign States to enlist as Soldier

380 2°—3'

in His Majesty's Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morrting, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 3° die Julit;

Anno 44* Georgii IIL|H Regis, 1804.

PR AYERS.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the to Bill*. J.X. Black Road:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses. do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up 'to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at -the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and one Private Bill, therein mentioned; and al(b empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , their Royal Highnesses the Duke of r, the Duke of Clarence., the Duke of. Kent,the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of the Duke of

Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills i and that ;he Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Camden, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; vise.

An Act to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts; the one pafTdd in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Fiour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Seffiop of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland:

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall lie ap-. proved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament-, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of

An Act for amending and repairing several Roads, leading from tlip Guildhall and Market House in Tavijlork, to New Bridge, to Grefton Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Ric-- card"s House, to Cherry Brook and Pound,

and to Morwellkam and Quay, all in the County of Devon:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Net her dale, in the West Riding of Y

Lincoln Ordered, That Mr. Henry do make the Report

and Dnina ^rom ttie Committee, to whom the Bill for embanking, Bill, reported, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the City of

coln, and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships ot Bonltham, Skcllingthorpe, Broxho/me, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and lladdow, in the County of Lincoln; and also for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthrope, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lajcelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

Julii. A. 1804.

the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, do the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the efi*^ Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, pstfented.

Statement of the annual Estimated Cost and Charges, and Sile Amount, of the Company’s Sales in England, from the year ending rft March 1799, to ift March 1804, respectiveiv; distinguishing the India from the China Goods.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this dpptm&x. volume. (No. 59.)

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Ireland__

Office of the Chief Secretary for I, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the "

House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Particulars of Compensations award- Compeafr. ed by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting ';°n*incon.

" Allowances to Bodies Corporate, and Individuals, in re- the'union<rf " spect of those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall " coale to fend any Member to Parliament after the " Union, and to make Compensation to those persons " whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminish-" ed in value," to persons whose Offices were discontinued or diminished in value by the Union; distinguishing particularly the days on which such Compensations were awarded, and the persons by name to whom, and the dates of the respective Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments, under which such persons respectively held the Offices in right whereof such Compensations were awarded; and the Amount thereof in the whole: And also,

A Return of the proceedings, respecting Boroughs, of Rrtnmof the Commissioners appointed under the said Act; specify- CommiflUm-ing the particular days on which they respectively met since their appointment; And also. Boroughs.

A Return of the Proceedings, respecting Officers, of this p. Commissioners appointed under the said Act; speccifying rrfpecting the particular days on which they respectively met since oaicer*-their appointment; also, a Return of the several Claims which remain before them undiipoied of at the time of making this Return, and of the times when such Claims were respectively preferred.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read?

Ordered, That the said Account and Returns do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account is in-felted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 60.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the irithCustom* adjourned proceeding upon the third reading of the in- and Excite grofled Bill, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Bill' puled, the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein mentioned, into Ireland', and also, certain Duties of Exu’fe on Spirits, Malt, arid Tobacco, irt and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ire I an d, by making the same payable in British currency, be now read.

And the said Order being n-ad accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5... L40. After " Portugal" to insert " Wines and " Spanish White."

Pr.

Chatham, See. Ordnance Lands Bill, presented.

Paper* and Plans relating to British Mufetmo, presented.

TifTp Indolure Bill, committed.

Arl fey Inclosure Bill, passed.

Paper*

'respecting The British Mnfeum, ordered.

- Papers resetting The Britishi Museum, pi dented.

44 Geo. III. 3° J 381

Pr. 6. 1. 3. After " Spanish" to insert " Red Wines." 1. 4. After " all" to insert " other."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein mentioned, and also,

certain Duties of Exciseon Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Ckatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Warley Common: And the lame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House being informed, that Mr. Plant a, from the Trustees of The British Mnfeum, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Resolutions of two Special Committees respecting the Egyptian Antiquities: And also,

N° 2. Report of the Sub-Committee respecting the Egyptian Antiquities: And also,

N° 3. A Paper, intituled " British Museum, 25th Fe-4t bruary x 803 Estimate of the Amount of the proposed " AdditionsAnd also,

N° 4. Resolution of the General Meeting on the Report of the Sub-Committee, respecting the Egyptian Antiquities: And allb,

Several Plans and Designs for additional Buildings to The British Museum.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Plans and Designs were, by an Order of the House of the 12th day of July, directed to be returned.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IJlip, in the County of Oxford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Brogden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of the Orders made for the admission of Persons applying to fee The British Museum, and the Regulations made respecting the use of the Reading Room.

The House being informed that Mr. Planta, from the Trustees of The British Museum, attended at the door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Directions respecting the Reading Room of The British Museum—approved 14th January 1803: And also, N° 2. Directions to such as apply for Tickets to lee The British Mnfeum—approved 14th January 1803; repealed 8th J une 1804: And also,

N° 3. A Plan for the more cafy admission to The British Museum, being the N Regulations now in force-—approved 8th June 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Vox.. 39.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the first and last of the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The second of the said Papers is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the others are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 3

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujhifjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujhifjon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establi thing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods, in the Port of Liverpool; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in several Ports in the lilands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do consider of permitting the-Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize into and from the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleat'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Accountant General of Ireland's Abstract for the week ending the 5th of January 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of the Letters sent from' the Commissioners of the Tvea-fury in Ireland, to the Boards of Excise and Customs, in the year 1801, respecting Arrears of Duties transferred to the Insolvent Lift, respecting ^he recovering of Surcharges

5 E on

Appendix*

(No. 61.)

Committee on Bill to enlist Foreigners.

The Lord* have agreed to

Scotch Army Bill.

Bill respecting East India Prize Goods.

Irish Linen Manufacture Bill.

Denmark Mint Bill.

Committee on Jamaica, &c. Free Ports Act.

Instruction.

Ireland—

Accounts,

ordered:

Accountant General'*

Ab it raft.

Letters to Boards of Customs and Excile.

382

3° Julii.

A. 1804.

on Excise Duties, and respecting the Taxes on Hearths, Carriages, Servants, and Windows, not being collected in due time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters in the year 18oa, sent from the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to the Board of Excise and Customs, directing them to enforce Payments of Balances of dismissed and deceased Collectors, to oblige the Solicitors of the Board to exert themselves for the recovering of the fame, and to report what state their Proceedings were in at the end of the then last Law term: Also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Board of Customs, in answer to a letter from the Right honourable Isaac dated the

19th of April 1804; together with the Reports of the Solicitors of Excise and Customs on the Proceedings for Recovery of the Balances due by the dismissed and deceased Collectors, down to the latest period.

P*Cm«ts.r Ordered, That there be laid before this House,an Account of Payments made by the Exchequer in Ireland in the year ending the 5th of January 1802, under such heads as are chargeable on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom; distinguishing such Payments as were made for Services prior to ift January 1801, from such Payments as were made towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom for thatyear.

Funded Debt. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ab-straft, shewing the Amount of (urns raised, and the Increase thereby, of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, since the Union, to the 5th of January 1804, the Amount of Charges thereon, and the Produce of the Taxes imposed, so far as the same can be ascertained, for the year ended 5th January 1804; with an Estimate of any further Produce of the said Taxes that may be expected annually.

London

CiergyBiJl,

rtport«d|

Ireland— Accounts presented i

Accountant General*!

Abstratf.

Exchequer

Payment!.

Ordered, That Sir John Cox do make the Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London, was committed.

Sir John Coy Hippijleyaccordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a second time;-

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a second time.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Quakers from being Collectors under the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Accountant General’s Abstract, for the week ending 5th of January 1804, for Ireland: And also,

An Account of Payments made by the Exchequer in io

Ireland, in the year ending the 5th January 1802, under such heads as are chargeable on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom; distinguishing such Payments as were made for Services prior to 1 ft January 1801, from such Payments as were made towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom for that year.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The feid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix. this volume. (No. 62.)

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Report . the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was SuP^y* referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That civil Lift— a sum, not exceeding Five hundred ninety-one thousand Debu* Eight hundred and Forty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List on the 5th day of July 1S04.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, D4— for the better support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the honour and dignity of the Crown, there be granted to His Majesty, during His Life, out of the consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the additional yearly sum of Sixty thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Navd a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and fen thousand De't;nc* Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence that has been, and will be, incurred in consequence of the Orders given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for increaGng the Naval Defence of the Country, since the 15th day of May 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Coevia* a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the deficiency of the money granted for defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at home for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Shetland a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted island».j to His Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to afford relief to the distressed Inhabitants of the Islands of; and

that the said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Orkney a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted I(Und*-to His Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to relieve the distresses of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Orkney; and that the said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That scotch Road* a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to and Bridges His Majesty, to be applied under the direction of the Com- HlShlajld‘-missioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, towards repairing and maintaining Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prefeyterian a sum; not exceeding Four thousand One hunded and Sixty ia

Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Mefirs. Puget and Bainbridge, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to repay the like sum remitted by them to Ireland, for making a further provision for the Presbyterian Ministers of the Synods of Ulster and Munster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That poor Returns, a sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Thomas Poole, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences attending the digeifting and ab-strafting Poor Returns, made out in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved,

Auditing

Public

Accounts*

Triih Office.

Thames Police Office,

Publishing Average Price of Sugar.

Tees on

Public

Accounts.

American

Treaty.

Naval, Abuses.

Port of London,

African

Forts.

Veterinary

College.

Purchase of Lands at Weedon Beck,

44 Geo. III. 3° Julii 383

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred Eighty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bkrnard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for half a year, to the 5th day of April 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Ninety-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse the like sum paid by them, by order of the Treasury in Ireland, for the Furniture, &c. of a House in Great George Street, Westminster, used as an Irish Office, which has been given up for the use of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into Naval Abuses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the expences of a Plan for the more perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty-four Pound?, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Henry Esquire, at the

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for making up and publishing in The London Gazette, weekly Returns of the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for one year, to the ift day of October iU°3-

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Fees on passing Public Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Thomas Macdonald, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for his services as first Commissioner under the sixth Article of the American Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand and Sixty Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to John Williams, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for contingent Expences in the execution of the Act for enquiring into Naval Abuses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to George Dance, Architect, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse Expences incurred in consequence of Orders from a Select Committee of this House, for the Improvement of the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in support of an Institution, called The Veterinary College, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opipioh of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, - Von. 59.

" An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hert-" ditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton,

" for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the purposes of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That sir a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred and Wnght‘ Seventy-one Pounds One Shilling and Fourpence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Executors of the late Sir James Wright, for his Losses sustained as in American Loyalist.

The (kid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second of Bill* ordered,

the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr.

Chancellor of Ihe Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Long,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Bourne, and Mr Hujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the twentieth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander,

Mr. Wellesley Pole, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hufkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 22ft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted " upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating " the mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and " by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein men-*c tioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the " Civil List," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruaion. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the second of the said Resolutions, That they do make provision in the said Bill for the better Regulation of the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues, and for laying Accounts of the Hate of the Civil List Revenues, under certain circumstances, before Parliament.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Report Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was je- and Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution whichr the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read.

The said Resolution is inserted. in the Appendix to Appendix. this volume. 62.)

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon v the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Long, Mr, Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame..

Ordered, That the said Resolution be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Deacon Convener, Deacons, and re- Petition from manent Members, of the Trades House of was pre- the

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Pe- c0m Law*. * titioners have perused the Report of the Committee on the Com Trade, and that, if the alterations proposed in the said Report should be carried into effect, the fame will operate m a very severe manner upon, arid prove highly burdenlome to, the people in that part of the United Kingdom: And therefore praying, the House to prevent the proposed alterations from being carried into effect.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Bill for consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole £fra Tn&eh* House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation of recommitted.

Corn

A. 1804

Coaddered.

Committee on Atts relating to Corn and Spirits in Ireland, deferred.

Bill respecting Cotton Manufacture, deferred.

Committee on Irish Army

Bin.

Reported.

Lady Kil warden’* Annuity Bill, deterred.

3"—4° Julli.

384

Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from, Ireland,ytas committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Lascelles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of in the 32d

year of His present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Com Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Distillation of Spirits from Oats and Oatmeal, and also to the Duty on Malt in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Dif-" putes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen en-" gaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England,"

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Vif-countess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur

Lord Viscount KiI war den.

And then the House adjourned tilLTo-morrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 4°;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

TH E House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An A(5k for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. ji.^After " whatsoever," insert " in like & > " manner as the Vendor might or could 3a.) * have enjoyed the fame."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands in the City of Lincoln, and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham, -

thorpe, Saxilby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Haddow, in the County of Lincoln; and also, for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And fhat the Title be. An Act for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands in the City of Lincoln, and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townshipsof Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Saxi/by, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Ha-thow, in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Wellesley Vole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at IVeedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, purchal'cd in pursuance of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance: And the fame was received; and read the fit ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for let-" _ tling Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Work-men engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that part " of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j j)lr' 7 27.

’ £Mr Lone '

Tellers for the Noes, f X 8.

' C Mr. Moore: 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Holt Leigh took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Holt Leigh reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto; which they had diretfled him to report, when

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Message' from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ■for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads

' leading

Lard* Amendment tO Srllllt Andre* Auckland Inclosure IQ agreed to.

Lincoln i

Indoftiretiuii J Drainage I

Bill, pail~d.

Bill for making Compensation for Land* at Weed on Beck, presented.

Committee on Bill rel pelting 1 Cotton Manufacture.

The Lord* have agreed to

Wood Hock and Kiddingtcm Koati* bill.

frames Bridge BUI*

'Tone # Navigation Bill, with Amendments*

The Lords have passed Fagel's Nat. Bill*

B UI read*

Bill to eolift Foreigners, reported*

Chatham, &c* Ordnance Lands Bill, committed*

Particulars of £.1,jot,666, received by East India Company, ordered.

Minutes on

Calico

Printers

Petition,

prelected.

Committee on LadyKii-warden's Annuity Bill*

44 Geo. III. 4? Julii. 385

leading from Woodstock to Roll-right Lane, and other Roads

therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Status to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, and the sixth year of-Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone, from Bridgewater to ,in the County of

Somerset, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Fagel; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Hujkiffon,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at JVarley Common, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the particulars of the fu.m of £. 1,501,666, received from Government by the East India Company, including Interest at £. 4. per-centum per annum, to the 1 ft of March 1804.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Journeymen Calico Printers, and others working in that Trade, in the Counties of Lancaster, Derby, Chester, and,

in England, and in the Counties of Lanark, Renfrew, Dunbarton, Stirling, and Perth, in , was referred.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed for the Members of the House.

The said'Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, be now read.

Vol. 59.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived kfelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander tooTc the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Treasury of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Abstract, shewing the Amount of Sums raised, and the increase thereby, of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, since the Union, to the 5th of January 1804; the Amount of Charges thereon; and the produce of the Taxes imposed, lo far as the fame can be ascertained, for the year ended 5th of January 1804, with an Estimate of any further produce of the said Taxes that may be expected annually.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of the Report of John Croker, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Port of Dublin, as ordered by, and delivered to, the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and dated the 25th of October 1802; and also, afimilar Report, stating the further proceedings of the Surveyor General, down to the latest period, respecting the Improvement of the col-lection of the Revenue of Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of all General Orders for the better collecting and paying in of the Revenues of Ireland, made oy the' Commissioners of Excise and Customs, from the 1 ft of January 1800.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, until the 6th day of May next after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to act in the execution of the said Act: And that Mr. Hujkiffon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sturges Bourne,do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Mr.

Sturges Bourne, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Quarter Mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, and certain persons in his office, and in the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces and Barrack Mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poltage: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 32d year of His present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Com Trade between F Great

Abstract

respecting th* Funded Debt of Ireland, presented.

JtfpenJix.

(No. 64.)

Papers

relpetting th# Revenue of Ireland, ordered*

fiill respecting Commissioners under Property Aftf ordered.

Bill respecting Hackney * Coaches, ordered.

Bill to permit certain Perl'ons to fend Letters* &c. free of Foftnge, ordered.

Committee on Acts relating to Corn and Spirits in Ireland.

386

4° Jull'i.

A. 1804..

Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Distillation of Spirits from Oats and Oatmeal, and also to the Duty on Malt in Ireland,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Keperted. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the 3 2d year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into; and for re-

, pealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the 3ad year of His present Majesty, so far as the lame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of'Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Irelanda And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Fafter. Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Hardman, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Jamaica, See. Frc# Port! Act.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in several Ports in the Islands of Jamaica, , Dominica, and New

Providence, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and who were instrufted to consider of permitting the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize into, and from, the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Crooked Istand, one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Scarborough, in the Istand of Tobago, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every bushel of Salt exported from the said Port of Crooked Istand.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence be charged upon every ton burthen of every British Ship entering Inwards or Outwards, except io ballast, to or from the said Port of Crocked Istand.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence be charged upon every ton burthen of every Foreign Ship entering inwards or outwards, except in ballast, to or from the said Port of Crooked Istand.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. S/urges Bourne, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Bill for better The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Par-the^Peace* liament of Ireland in the 27th year of His present Majesty, in Ireland, for the better execution of the Law, and preservation of the

ordered. Peace, within Counties at large, might be read.

3

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Fofter, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fo/ler presented to the House, according to Order, Irish Bank a Bill to allow the circulation of Bank Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restrain the future issue of them,under certain Limitations, in And thelame

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, according to Order, irito Malt, a Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the 32d year of His present Majesty, so far as v the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make liilkCufc* further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, Bilf, ordered. and for preventing Frauds therein: And that Mr. Fofter,

Mr. Ormsby, Sir Evan Nepean, and Mr. Henry Alexander,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve SaP^T. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider " er further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve Ways and

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider J

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve irirtt Revcmi* itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill BlU»de,erml-to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Re-committed Bill for regulating: tht Corn Trade, further considered.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from, Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Jacob Henry AJlIey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Jacob Henry A ft ley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p'case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Jacob Henry AJlleyaccordingly reported from the said Reported.

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered,

44 Geo. III. 4°—

387

Petition far i Fever Institution iu London, reported.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 5° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii IHlU Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MR. Giles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Members of the society for bettering the Condition of the Poor, was referred; and who were empowered to report the matter of the said Petition, as it should appear to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had made several Observations thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matter to them referred; and have agreed to the following Report:

Sir Walter Farqukar, m. 0. having been examined, informed Your Committee, That to his knowledge and experience, the Infectious Fever was very prevalent in London, particularly among the poorer parts in confined lituations: That from information, which he repeatedly had, and on which he could rely, he had reason to believe that more than 3,000 persons have annually died of it in and about London :—That there can be no doubt that a House for receiving Patients in the Fever, would prevent the spreading the infection; particularly if the houses from which the patients are removed, were properly cleaned and white-washed, and still more so if the bed-cloaths, and also the Patients cloaths, were burnt immediately.—That he had known the mod fatal consequences follow from the neglect of this precaution, even in the instance of a tingle article coming from an infected person.—That he did not conceive that an Establishment, on a sufficient scale to answer those beneficial purposes, could be formed in the Metropolis without public aid, and had no scruple to say, that he believed it impossible.—That the Infection is likely to be generally communicated, by the necessary intercourse subsisting between servants and other members of large families, with persons in the lower classes of life, among whom the I nfectious Fever more commonly prevails.—-That he has known repeated instances of its being so communicated to persons in the higher classes of life, particularly among children, and has found it necessary to lay it down as a rule in families where he is consulted, that the nurses should never have any communication with friends in their own houses, or with others they may casually meet.—That there is good reason to hope, that by the judicious, diligent, and persevering efforts of such an Institution as has been alluded to, that the Infectious Fever may be very considerably diminished, and even in the end almost entirely extirpated from the Metropolis.—And, that the extinction of the Infectious Fever in the Metropolis, would very greatly tend to prevent its taking place in those parts of the country which have a communication with it, more especially as the Fever generally remains lurking in the constitution for feme time before it prevents the patient from travelling, or following his usual occupations.—That it is of great importance in the cure of these Fevers, to attend to them in an early stage; and general attention cannot be given to Patients so infected in the wide extent of the Metropolis, except by the establishment of an Institution upon a considerable scale, and very carefully directed, so as to be capable of receiving all the infected persons who may apply. —That the Poor, when in their own houses, labouring under the Infectious Fever, must always be attended Vo l.

by their friends with hazard; and, though some peculiar constitutions may escape, in general the attendance mull be highly dangerous.

Maxwell Garthjhore,m. d. having been examined, also

informed Your Committee,—That an Institution to prevent the spreading of contagious malignant Fevers, has been established within these three years in Road,

which, although upon a very contracted scale, previous to February last received 325 Fever Patients, of whom 289 have been dismissed cured, and the houses of many of them, and others, purified, white-washed, and cleansed j 29 died, and 7 then remained in the House.—That he does not think the present Establishment sufficiently extensive, to remedy the evil of the Infectious Fever in the Metropolis.—That a Public Institution would afford means both of preventing and curing the Infectious Fever, which cannot be practised in the houses of the poorer classes of society; but that he is of opinion that a Public Institution, of sufficient extent to remedy the evil in the Metropolis, cannot be established by private subscription unassisted by public aid.—That it is of great importance that the Infectious Fever should be attended to in its early stages; and that he believes that not one case was ever taken into this Institution in an early stage, which was not soon recovered, it being a disorder the prevention and cure of which are perfectly well understood.—That the Infectious Fever has prevailed for along course of years in some of the crouded parts of the Metropolis, in a more or less degree, according to seasons and circumstances.

Thomas Bernard, Esquire, having been examined, like-wife informed Your Committee, That the London Fever Hospital in Gray’s-Inn-Lane, was established in May 1801, and a House of Recovery opened in Gray's*lnn-Lane in February 1802.—That great exertions have been made in every possible way to obtain Subscriptions, and yet the present Funds are not equal to the maintaining that small House on the present scale.—That the whole sum which has been raised by Donations and Subscriptions, has amounted to £.4,378; the annual eXpences of the House are between £.600 and £.700; and that the House is not adequate to one-tenth part of the Patients who want relief, as it contains only 16 beds.—Finding that this Establishment will not be adequate to me purpose, the Society have begun railing a Fund of £. 3.000, and £. 1,600 has already been subscribed, upon e ndition that Parliament would grant such a Sum as, together with those Subscriptions, would prove effectual to the defined object.

Upon the whole, Your Committee find that the Infectious Fever has been long prevalent among the Poor of London, and that above 3,000 persons have, on an average, annually died of it within the Bills of Mortality.

This evil appears to Your Committee to have continued for want of some regular System being adopted to check its progress, and to purify the houses and other buildings in which it has prevailed.—In May 1801, an Institution for the Cure and Prevention of Infectious Fevers in the Metropolis was established by the Society for bettering the Condition of the Poor; and in February 1802, a London House of Recovery was opened, in which, although it contains no more than 16 beds, upwards of 320 Fever Patients have already been cured.

This Establishment has been hitherto supported by the Contributions and Subscriptions of Individuals, and nearly the whole of £.4,000, so collected, has been expended upon it. The extent of the Institution appears to Your Committee insufficient for the attainment of its object; and although great exertions have been used, it has not been found practicable to raise, by private Subscriptions, Funds large enough to increase or support it, more especially as it is efientially necessary to destroy the cloaths of the Patients, and purify the houses in which they have been attacked by the complaint. In the expectation that, towards an object of so much National Importance, aid might be afforded by the Legislature, a sum of £. 1,600 has been subscribed by several Individuals, upon the condition of such assistance being first received. The Institution cannot, therefore,- have the benefit of this Bounty, without it is also supported by Parliament: and, upon the whole, it appears to Your Committee, That the object of the Petition

i*

Paper

resetting Ordnance Lands at Woolwich and Charlton presented.

Return of Men raised for Army of Reserve in Ireland, presented.

Appendix.

(No. 17.)

London Coal Market BilJy reported.

Bill for better preferying the Peace in Ireland, presented.

Bill to permit certain Personi to fend Letters, &cc. free of Portage, pr< fenced,

Bill for making Compensation for Lands at WeedonBeck, committed.

388

is of the highest importance, and that the proposed Institu-tion would be productive of great public advantage.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, pursuant to

the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, * 5th July 1804 :—Judgments and K< Decrees of the Commissioners, touching the value of ’ " the Lands at Woolwich and Charlton, purchased in pur-" fuance of three several Acts of Parliament, palfed in the " 4id and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the numbers of Men raised for the Royal Army of Reserve in Ireland to 24th May 1804, with the casualties of Desertion, &c.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishitjg a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain places therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 27th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better execu-" tion of the Law, and preservation of the Peace, within " Counties at largeAnd the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Quarter Mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, and certain Persons in his office, and in the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces and Barrack Mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Weedon Beck, in the Count yof Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for

5° Jnlii.

A. 1804

erecting Buildings thereon f6r the service of His Majesty’*

Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Land. fiiiL Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Warley Common, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruQian. mittee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for veiling certain Lands at Woolwich, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. St urges Bourne presented to the House, according to B31 respeaiag Order, a Bill for explaining and abending several Acts re- c«ch«s lating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; presented. and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches, who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hujkif'on presented to the House, according to Billrefpeaiag Order, a Bill for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners toadl in the execution of an Act of the last Session propertyA®, of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution presented. on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the skid Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill for the Relief of certain Incumbents London of Livings in the City of London, w'as read the third time. b'h^Lm, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir John Cox Hippijley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentlemen, Member add. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant «•*to b>g to the prayer of the Petition of Frances Isabella Master, of InclosareBill. Yokes Place, near Tunbridge,in the County of Kent, Widow,

Committee of the Ellate of William Dalifon, Esquire, a Lunatic, and John Blundell, Clerk.

Mr. Baldwin presented* to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of A ton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. HuJkifJ'on presented to the Iiouic, according to Stamp Order, a Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Com- ^ujlcs Jj*1, missioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, l>rele"e

Parchment,

44 Geo. III.

5° Julii.

389

Si to eniift

nrcirners,

i^Tcd.

We ft thdia Frre Ports Bill, presented.

Southwark

fty'ing Bill,

jailed.

Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof: And the lame was received; and read the fml time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to eniift as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign Srates to leiYc as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Reicridions; and to indemnify ad Persons who may have advised His Majesty to eniift any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to eniift; as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to ierve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain iieftric-tions; sand to indemnify all Persons who may have adviled H is Majesty to enliil any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

Oi dered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Port oi Crooked If and, one of the Baler n a I (lands, and the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, Free Ports, under certain Regulations and Redactions: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Reflved. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow. ..

two Acts, made in the 4^d and 43d years of His said

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, Majesty, until the 5th day of July 1804, is expired, and fit pa{Ted in the 6th yea.' of His present Majesty, for paving to be revived and further continued, the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

x.vly Tcnw-’--

ckn’s Annuity Lnl, reported.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Home, to whom the Bid for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the ViscountHs Ki(warden , and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord VII-count Kilwarden, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards.delivered the Bill,

H'ith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raliv put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, ap- Report Ex-pointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; pinng Law^ and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to another Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ‘

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further encouragement of the " Trade and Manufeftures of the Isle of Alan, for im-" proving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual " prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island," which was continued and amended by an Act, made in the 41ft year of His said Majesty, and further continued by and certain

part' adjacent.

in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Paffiiges adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned, was Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Civil Lilt read the third time. House, according to Order, a Bill for the better support Bil,»

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, of His Majesty’s Household, and of the honour and dignity Presente * An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the of the Crown -of the United Kingdom, and for preventing

sixth year ol His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain

o 9

parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, "Yanis, Alleys, and Paffiiges adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein, io far as the lame relates to the Well Div’ftion thereof, as therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry "Thornton do carry the Bill to . the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

4l.e Lord* A Meffiage from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

agreed to at ford I

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to

Ixcleouer IlhS Bill.

ri

t

u

riiTi Stamp )uties Bid.

larger bury <on"r)vtm€nt Bill.

Impleforth (uidiure Bill.

accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Report on ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the B;1j°rmit,e<1 whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Impor- regulating the tation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable tom Trade, thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great ^n^ered. Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported

enable the Loros Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury into, and exported from Ireland, was re-committed, be now of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of read.

such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon

for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland; the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment

without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships of Amfcforlh and Ofzvaldkirk, in the County of with-

out any Amendment.

And then the Mcirengers withdrew.

Yol. 59.

to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring. That the Act shall not extend to Ships which have cleared out within a certain period.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To* morrow. '

5 G,

Hfh Malt,

&c. Bill,

Irish Revenue Bill, deferred.

Billrefpe^Hng C otton Mauufacture, deferred.

irish Array Bill* recommitted*

Report from

Middlesex

Election

Committee,

respe&inga

Witness

having

prevaricated.

Chimney Sweeper* Bill, reported.

390 5°—G° Juli A. 1804.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second made several Amendments thereunto, which they had reading of the Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, directed him to report to the House; and he read the made in Ireland in the 32d year of His present Majesty, . Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland \ with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where and for repealing the power given to the Lord Lieutenant the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, be now read* Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

And the said Order being read accordingly; grafted.

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved', That the pill be committed. A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Petition fro*

Revived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Kilmarnock, and of the Deacons of the five Incorporated of the whoie House. Trades therein, was presented to the House, and read; CoroUw*.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, it is proposed into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, to make certain alterations in the existing Corn Laws; but,

after carefully considering the Report of the Committee on The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- the subject, they are of Opinion, that, if the fame is adopted, solve itself into a Committee of the ..whole House, upon ;n p]ace of improving the system, it will have a still more the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts injurious tendency than the present Laws, and will, in for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Re- particular, bear extremely hard upon the Western District venue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; of Scotland: And therefore praying the House not to adopt

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve the pr0posed alterations, itself into the said Committee. OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling " Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen " engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called England ,"was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read, for taking into further confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, IRat the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Vetieris, 6° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii III"* Regis, 1804.

PR A YfcRS.

LORD Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middleinformed the House, That he was directed by the Committee to report to the House, That Cyprian Whillock, being called as a witness before the said Committee, was guilty of gross prevarication: And therefore that the said Committee had, according to the Po ver given them by an Act of the 28th year of His present Majesty, committed him to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Cyprian IVhillock be, for his said offence, committed prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do ififue his warrants accordingly.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the 28th year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more effectual provisions for that purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House so Committwo# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of Compeniatioa certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. The Lord* Stratford: l>*ve agrsed t»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lri(hCustom» for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of aUg^xcli* March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by I

making the same payable in British currency; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harrow for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, RoaJ £l1'* Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow-on-the-Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Arlfey for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County IndolarcBl1’« of Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords for effecting the Sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the have Lands thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Reketts, widow of George Poyntz , Esquire,

is Tenant for Life, and for investing the purchase monies of the Shares which stand limited to the infant Children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in fee simple, in some other real Estate, to be settled in Jieu of such Shares, and to the same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

ticuHrs of ,501,666, rived by,

■ East India

mpany,

denied.

tpfendix.

No. 65.)

>ndon oai M Tket ill, passed.

Ricketts* Rftnte Bill, read.

Chiftnm, &c.

Ordinnre lands Bill, reported.

Committee of Ways and Mean*

44 Geo. III. 6° Jutii. 391

The House being informed that Mr. Ozvyi, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Particulars of the sum of £. 1,501,666, received from Government by the East India Company, including Interest at 4 per-centum per annum, to the ift March 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read*

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. -Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members , of the House.

The laid Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

An ingossed Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of for the

sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. After " Port," to insert " of London.'*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House t And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for establiflring a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned*

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the Sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, is Tenant for Life, and for inverting the purchase monies of the Shares which stand limited to the infant Children of the said George Ptynlz Ricketts and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in fee simple, in some other real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such Shares, and to the same uses, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Warley Com, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agre.d to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rdb’ution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Vot*. 59.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider f urther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. s

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty’s Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

, O J *

R.efo!ved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve tt-fclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the warehousing of Home-made Spirits in Ireland, and the regulating the Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be ware-houfod.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Coo'smissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment* and Paper* in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for the better support of His Majesty’s rioufehold, and of the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for making the Port of Crooked

one

Warehousing Home-made Spirits in Irel tml, to be considered.

Billrespecting

Hackney

Coaches,

committed*

Bill respefring Commissioners under Property A£k# committed*

Stamp Dutiei Bill, committed.

Civil List Bill, committed*

West India Free Port* Bill, committed*

392

6° Julii.

A. 1804.

one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, Free Ports, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to permit Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second certain reading of the Bill to permit the Quarter Matter General foi^unen, H*s Majesty’s Forces, and certain Persons in his office, &c. free of ’ and in the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s committed Forces, and Barrack Matter General of His Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

LondonBoeks Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Batieh0dfi^ warehouting Goods within the limits of certain Docks,

1 ,or e " made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for makingWet *' Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other works, for the greater " accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, " and Revenue, within the Port of London," and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And that Mr. HujLiJfon, Mr. Chancel.or of the Exchequer, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr, Stwges Bourne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill respeiSting Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the

Manufacture ^ePort from the Committee of the whole House, to whom deferred.' ’ the Bill toamend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, M An Act for settling " Disputes that may arrfe between Matters and Workmen a engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England" was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

Lady Kil- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-warden s ing of the ingrossed Bill, for settling and securing a certain passed.'ty B * on me Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family

of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly -y

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to file Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to :n Expiring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tO' LaWi consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution, which was, yesterday, reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

1 he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-2

rested him to report, when the House will please to receiv* the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- suptJr, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- d*terre* fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to allow the circulation of Bank Notes under Irish Bmk Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restrain the commUui future issue of them, under certain Limitations, in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will Tommorrow, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, Bill for better made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 27th year of His Pre!"vinS

J tllC P*3CC

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better exe- in Ir<,ian())

* cution oi the Law, and preservation of the Peace, within commatsA " Counties at large," was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The ingrossed Bill for regulating the Importation of Bill for Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, corn and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, read the and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and third Time, exported from Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byway of Ryder, for allowing the Exportation of Corn between Great Britain and Ireland, in certain cases. -

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 2. To leave out from " notwithstanding," to the end of the Clause.

Pr. 6. 1. 25. After " Baltic," to insert " or the North Seas"

Schedule (A.) 1.12. To leave out " high."

Schedule (B.) 1. 9. first column, to leave out 58 and insert " 53J." instead thereof; second column, to leave out "38J." and insert "■ 35J." instead thereof; third column, to leave out " 2 9;."and insert " 26s."instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " 195." and insert " 17 s."instead thereof; last column, to leave out " and in-

fert " 1 Ss.6 d."instead thereof.

I. 11. first column, to leave out " 581." and insert " 53j." instead thereof; second column, to leave out "38?." and insert " 35 s."instead thereof; third

column, to leave out " 29 and insert " 2 6s."instead thereof; fourth

column, to leave out " 19J." and insert " 17 s."instead thereof; last

column, to leave out " 19*." and insert " 1 6 s.6d." instead thereof.

1. 12. first column, to leave out " 62*." and insert "56 s."instead thereof; 'second column, to leave out "41*." and in- ' fert " 37 s."instead thereof; third

column, to leave out " 30 and

insert "281." instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " 20 and insert * i8r." instead thereof; last

column.

44 Geo. III. 6°—7°

column, to leave out " 2oj." and insert " 17 s.4 instead thereof. Schedule (B.)l. 14. first column, to leave out "62*." and insert " 561." instead thereof; second column, to leave out "41*." and insert ‘‘37 instead thereof; third column, to leave out " 30J. and insert " 28i.’\instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " 20J." and insert " i8j." instead thereof; last column, to leave out " and insert " 17J. 4 dr instead thereof.

Schedule(C.)l. 38. To leave out "high."

Schedule (D.)l. 8. first column, to leave out

and insert "32J. 7 instead thereof; second column, to leave out " 241. 2d." and insert " 22 3 instead thereof;

third column, to leave out " i6j. 6d."

and insert " 14J. 9 instead thereof;

fourth column, to leave out " 12 3^." and insert " 10 11 d." instead there-

of; laftcolumn,to leave out " 13*. 2 and insert " 1 2d." instead thereof.

1. 9. first column, to leave out " 38 8

and insert " 35 3 instead thereof;

second column, toleave out " 26 2d"

and insert "24/. id." instead thereof; third column, to leave out " 17 s. 10 dand insert " 15 11

instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " ijs. and insert

"»I s.9 d."instead thereof; last column,

to leave out " i6r. 5 and insert " 141.3^." instead thereof;

1. it. first column, to leave out " 35J. id" and insert "32J. 7 instead thereof; second column, to leave out " 24 2d." and insert " 22 j. 3^." instead thereof; third column, to leave out " 16 j. 6 and'insert " 14J. 9 instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out "12 3 and insert " lid." instead thereof; last column, to leave out " 15J. 2d."and insert " 13J, 2d." instead thereof.

1. 12. first column, toleave out "38*. Sd." and insert " 3 3 instead thereof;

second column, toleave out " 26 2d" and insert " 24 1 instead thereof;

third column, to leave out "17 and insert " 15J. u d." instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " 13 S’ 3d."and insert "nr. 9 instead thereof; last column, to leave out i6j. 3 d" and insert ■" 14J. 3 instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned, till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the day.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p'ease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Vol. 59.

Julii. 393

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con-firming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the c’

32d year of His present Majesty, so far as the lame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this prclent Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to irith R«enu« resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill>deJerred-the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrpw, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order, made this day, for resuming the further pro- Bill for ceeding upon the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great , and deferred? ’

the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Com exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from, Ireland, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the day, being read;

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 7° die Julii;

Anno 44° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Account of the Particulars of Account and Compensations awarded by virtue of an Act, intituled,

" An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate, and compeSnfi-f< Individuals, in respect of those Cities, Towns, and Bo- in " roughs, which shall cease to fend any Member to Par- {^epHnted° liament, after the Union, and to make Compensation " to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be difeon-" tinuedjOrdiminished in value," to Persons whose Offices were discontinued or diminished in value by the Union And also, the Returns of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed under the said Act, be printed for the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Swinburne (from Accounts of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ^.e(jlnlker Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, presented. in the County of SurreyJ attended at-the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " The Four Quarterly Accounts of " the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge,

" to the 5th of April 1804-And also, a Copy of the Ali-" nutes of their Proceedings."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Kin|’s That he had a Melfage trom His Majesty to this House, Mefl;,ge finned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the voteofefeditt House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Membcis

5 H of

394

7° Julii.

A. 1804.

Ultimate of future Annual Charge on Civil List, presented.

Appendix»

(No. 30.)

of the House being uncovered) and is iiS followeth; himself from any further attendance on the said Com-viz. mittee.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced zeal and affection of His faithful Commons, and considering that it may be of the utmost importance to provide for such Emergencies as may arise, is desirous that this House will enable Him to take all such measures as may be necessary todif-appoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Uefigns of His Enemies, and as the Exigencies of Affairs may require.

G.R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the future Annual Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

irifhBank- ' Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

deterred.11’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill to allow the circulation of. Bank Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restraio the future issue of them, under certain Limitations, in Ireland, be now read.

-- And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

lri(h Army. Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from 3ill, reported. jfje Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

LondonDocks Mr. Hujkijfonpresented to the House, according to Order,

Bill,presented a for warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks, made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for mak-" ing Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the " greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Com* " merce, and Revenue, within the Port of London," and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

given Lord Viscount Marfkam acquainted the House, That toabfent*1'* since the Adjournment this day, of the Select Committee, himself from appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Eieftion * Petitions complaining of an undue election and return

Committee. for the County of Middlesex, he had received a Lettcrfrom Robert Sharpe Ainjlie, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Committee, dating the death of a near Relation, and requesting that his Letter might be communicated to the House.

And the hand-writing of the said Mr. Ainjlie having been > verified upon Oath by a Member present;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ainjlie have leave to absent

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, Irish Few, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, presented. ‘ or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting lor Public Money in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Chatham,£-ing of the ingossed Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Lamiiijiii Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better parted, securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Warley Common, be now l ead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at and for the

use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Common and

IV wlwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Wellesley Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from frith Malt, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the 32d year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Irelan; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Roort the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc- rebels j» ferred to consider of the Act, mentioned in the Resolution Lav!5 which, upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was'read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fu ther encouragement of the " Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improv-* ing the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said island," which was continued and amended by an Act, made in the 41ft year of His said Majesty, and further continued by two Acts, made in the 4^d and 43d years of His said Majesty, until the 5th day of July 1804, is expired, and fit to be revived and further continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ll Ordered,

struxTUon.

ftimatc of Krcafional irrviccs harmed on Jivii Utl, p relented.

jfypcndix.

(No. 30.)

■Report Ways and Means.

lotteries*

Committee on

Warehousing Home-made Spirits in Ireland, dtferrtd.

Info Revenue Bill, deferred*

44 Geo. III. 7 0 Tulii.395

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant. to the second of the Resolutions, which, upon the 19th day of June last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts, mentioned in certain Resolutions of the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hujkijjon presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimateof Sums required for certain occasional Services for the year 1804, which have hitherto been charged on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimatedo lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury be authorized to contract with any person or persons for the purchase of any number of Tickets to be drawn in three Lotteries, not exceeding Eighty Thousand, subject to such Discount for Prompt Payment, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper:

That a sum, not exceeding the amount of Ten Pounds for each Ticket so fold, shall be distributed into Prizes, for the benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lotteries, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Sellionof Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland, for the service of the year 1804, and be paid at the Bank of Englin money, to the Proprietors, upon demand, within two months after the drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or as soon after as certificates can be made out, without any deduction whatsoever:

That all the money arising by the sale of such Tickets shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and applied, from time to time, to such fer-

vices, for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament, in the proportion of two-thirds for Great Britain, and one-third for Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Long, Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkijjin,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the warehousing of Home-made -Spirits in Ireland, and the regulating the Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be

warehoused, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committeet)f the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts Voi. 59.

for the better collection and security of.His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the Bill for Committee of the whole House, to whom the B>11 for *kil'8'nf:t-on making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Weedon Beck, in the County WeedonBevk, of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in reP°fied’ the 43d year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeon Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explain- Hackne^11* ing and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches Coacfaet. employed as Stage Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hi/n to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Biiirefpe6Ung solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to property Act, ad in the execution of an Act of the last Session of Par- deferred, liament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-iolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making West India the Port of Crooked Island, one of the Bahama Islands, and Free ort* 1 the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, Free Ports, under certain Regulations and Restrictions,.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.'Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from tire Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament the Peace8 of Ireland in the 27th year of His present Majesty, in- in Ireland, tituled, " An Act for the better execution of the Law,

" and preservation of the Peace, within Counties at " large."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

A. 1804

396 7°—9° Julii.

ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be ^received upon Monday next.

The other Order of the day being read;

Bill for The House resumed the adjourned Proceeding upon the

€orn*Tnwle^* third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the Impaired. * portation of Com into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from Ireland,

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Schedule (D) l.i 3. first column, to leave out " 385." and insert " 34J. 4 infteadthereof; second column, to leave out " 26 s. 1 and insert" 23 6 instead thereof;

third column, to leave ouf " 17 $d." and insert " 1 instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " I2J. " 10 and insert " 11 7 in-

stead thereof; Lift column, to leave out ‘‘ 16 and insert' " 13/. 10 d." instead thereof.

h 14. first column, to leave out " 41 2d."

and insert "37 id." instead thereof; second column, to leave out " 28 " 3 and insert <c i$s. in-

stead thereof; third column, to leave out " i8j. 10 and insert " 17 " 4 instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " 131. 10 and insert " ii s. 6 instead thereof; last column, to leave out " 17 4 and

insert " 14 j. 11 d." instead thereof.

I. 17. first column, to leave out " 38 and insert " 34 4 instead thereof; second column, to leave out "26 1 d."

and insert " 23 r. 6 instead thereof; third column, to leave out " 17 5 d."

and insert " 16 instead thereof;

' fourth column, to leave out " 12J. " 10 and insert " m. 7 in-

stead thereof; last column, to leave , out " i6j." and insert " 13*. 10

instead thereof.

1. 18. first column, to leave out " 41 2d"

and insert " 37*. 2d." instead thereof; second column, to leave out " 28/. " 3d." and insert " 25 $d" instead

thereof; third column, to leave out xod." and insert " 17 j. 4 instead thereof; fourth column, to leave out " x 3 10 and insert

" 12 6d." instead thereof; last column, to leave out " 17 4 and

insert *• 145. lid." instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe-verafly put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great , and the Duties

and Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Western do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Luna’, 9° die Julii;

Anno 44# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers*

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the Chinny ‘ 28th year of His present Majesty, for the better Re- gulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more cfledual provisions for that purpose, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title'be,

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the twenty-eighth year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation cf Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices; and for making further and more effectual provisions for that purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Bill for of the ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Lodla? * Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the 43d year ot His present p c' Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of '

His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Wellesley Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys TiieLoiA and Mr. Harvey: fuve agreed»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billtoprevci to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called ,ni-c. Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, iny counterfeit Dollars or Tokens; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Viscount Marsham, from the Select Committee Middlesex appointed to try and determine the merits of t he several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middlesex, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Sir Francis Burdelt, Baronet, was not duly cleded a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That William Mainwaring, Esquire, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, a Knight of the Shire, to serve' in this present Parliament for the said County: ,

And also. That, at the last election for the said County,

William Mainwaring, Esquire, did, by his agents, commit

acts of treating, whereby he is incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon such election:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That the last election for the County of Middlesex is void, so far as respects the return of the said Sir Francis Burdett:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said William Mdinwarhig,

Esquire, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the opposition of the said Sir Francis Burdett to the

laid

44 Geo. III. 9" fu/u 397

said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

•fddiefex Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the

writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of , in the room of Sir

Francis Burdett, Baronet, whose election for the said County has been determined to be void.

•clal Report

rom

ddleicx

•ction

mmittec.

txtn&s of mutes, ndered.

Lord Viscount Marsham also acquainted the House, That the said Select Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That on the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth days of the poll, on the first of which days there was a considerable majority of votes in favour of William Mainw Esquire, the Sheriff,

Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Knight, wilfully, knowingly, and corruptly, did admit to poll for Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, upwards of three hundred persons, claiming to. vote under a fiditious right, as Proprietors of a Mill purported to be situate in the Pari 111 of IJlevjorth, and called The Good Intent Mill, by which means a colourable majority was obtained in favour of Sir Francis Burdett, who was thereby returned as having the greatest number of legal votes.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the fifteenth day, towards the close of the poll, after such majority was established, they rejected persons tendering their votes under the fame circum (lances.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sheriff, at the poll, acted in a judicial capacity, byadmitting counsel to argue the validity of votes, and by deciding, in feme instances, on the validity of such votes that in other instances, they refilled to decide on the validity of votes, which were objected to, and stated, that they would admit any persons to poll who would take the Oaths, declaring themselves to be only Ministerial Officers, thereby acting in a manner contradictory to their practice in other cases, and in flagrant violation of their duty.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the obvious tendency of their conduct was to admit Persons having no right, to poll, and to afford the greatest encouragement to perjury.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 17 th day of this instant July.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That so much of the Minutes of the Evidence, taken before the said Select Committee, as relates to the matters contained in the said Report, be laid before this House.

tccounts Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His ebtiveto Majesty’s command,

tates’offices, An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the ’rtafury, &v. Establilliment of the Secretary of State’s Office for Foreign refenwd. Affairs, for the year 1803: And also,

Abstract of the Contingent Account of the Secretary of State’s Office for Foreign Affairs, for the year 1803: And also,

An Account of the several items included in the Civil List Account, for the year ended the 5th of January 1804, under the head of, " Extra Extraordinaries to Ministers at " Foreign Courts, including Reimbursements for Expences " incurred, and for Lodes sustained in His Majesty’s Service " abroad And also.

An Account of the several items included under the head of, " Presents to Foreign Ministers on signing Con-" ventions," in the Civil List Account, for the year ended 5th January 1804: And also,

An Account, shewing the Total Amount of Fees received in the office of His Majesty’s Treasury, as well as of the Amount of the Charge upon the Fee Fund of the Vox.. 59.

fame, for the year to the 3th of January 1804; together with the Particulars of such Charge: And also,

An Account of the Receipts and Expenditure in the Fee Fund of the Secretary of State’s Office, Colonial and War Department: And also.

An Account of Contingent Expences of the Colonial and War Department, paid in the year ending 5th January 1804: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Fees received in the office of the Secretary of State for the Home Department, in the year ending 5th January 1804; with the Charges thereon: And also.

Contingent Expences of the Secretary of State’s Office,

Home Department, for the year 1803.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this , J?tHd,x\ volume. (No. 30.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon certain1*1* the Bill to permit the Quarter Master General of His Persons to Majesty’s Forces, and certain persons in his office, and in the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s p0ftag». Forces, and Barrack Master General of His Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction. mittee. That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for permitting the Master General of His Majesty’s Ordnance, one of the Secretaries to the said Master General, the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, and the Inspector General of Fortifications, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage, and for enabling the Board of Ordnance to authorize two persons in their office to fend Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry ' Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Bill respcaing Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty. until the 6th day of May next after the ratification of a Defini- ’ tive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of the said Ad: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the w Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the rous eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of William Cavendish, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of

Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Estimated Charge Account!,ice. on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the quarters ending the 5th of April and the 5th of July 1804;—and to be printed, also, the Estimate of the future Annual Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, be printed for the Members of the House.

5 I Ordered,

398

9° Julii. A. 1804.

stamp Duties Ordered, That the Order of the clay, for the House to Bill,deterred, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great and to grant new

and additional Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refoive itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Wednesday," and inserting the word " Friday," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " Wed-" nelday" Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUc,so,«l, Yea5,^;:".G^'

Telte for the No«,|}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Bill respefHng Mr. Holt Leigh, according to Order, reported from the

£iOtt0f a... Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

Manufacture, _ , _ _ -

reported. amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year or His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Disputes " that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, i n that part of Great Britain called " England," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-- reCled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout s and then a feebne} time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to* and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Tommorrow," and inserting the words "To-morrow Sevennight, the 17th * day of this instant July," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " To-" morrow," Hand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-. morrow.

Acts respect- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 37th Lt»n°to be year°f His present Majesty, for raising the sum of Eighteen •onfidewd. Millions, by way of Annuities, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 4Ctd year of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-East India count of the CaQi belonging to the separate Fund of the Company, East India Company, from the year 1793 inclusive to the 1 ft •rdared. cf March 1804, and of all Appropriations or Payments made

from that Fund, in the lame period.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Accounts, £ rcicrrtd.

Aildrefs M-i.e j.

Occailoml

Services.

Ordnance

Land*.

R itish Mu.cum*

Sierra Leons,

TrnfcTBiU of Ireland.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Turns of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Ad-drelles of the Hbufe of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of sums required for certain occasional Services, fdr the year 1864, which have hitherto been charged oh His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Otderid, That the Paper, intituled, " 5th July 1804:

" Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners, touching " the value of the Lands at Woolwich and , purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament,

" passed in the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His *• present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trullees of The British Museum,which was presented to the House ur.on the 211 day of this instant July, and also the several Papers and Plans relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company, and also the Report upon the said Petition, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, that will become payable in the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coriimittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. -

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had difected him to report, when the House will please to receive the lam?.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies Rwn of the Orders, Instructions, and other Documents, received

/-i n, * Collrction (J

by the Boards of Exctfe, Customs, and Stamps, in Ireland, the R;«no from the office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieute- °^r^d’ nant, and from the Commissioners of the Treasury of e Ireland, respecting the better and more speedy collecting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland; together with Copies of the Returns, Reports, and Proceedings thereupon, since the ill of January 1800.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committ«o/ a Committee of the whole House, to consider fuitherof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. HuJhiJJon presented to the House, according to Order, Lotwri* BUI

a Bill for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be Prcicutci1' raised by Lotteries: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- irirti Ar»i ing of the ingrafted Bill for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

■ The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces.

' Ordered,

399

Committee on C'i v 11 Lut Bill.

Irish Bank IC:»tes Bill, clei'erred.

1-ondonDocks

arehouling

Bill,

committed.

Irish Fee*,

See. Com* mi fllonenBillf committed.

Irish Malt See. Bill, |:iHed.

Committee on

Warehousing Home-made Spirits in Ireland.

44 Geo. III. & Julia

Ordered, That Sir Evan Nepean do harry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Hoilfe; upon the Bill for the better support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Grown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read; for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the circulation of Bank Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restrain the future iflbe of them; under certain Limitations, in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, To^mortow, resolve itself Into the said Committee;

A Bill for warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act for * making Wet Docks, Basons; Cuts, and other Works;

" for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping;

" Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London," and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks, was; according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

• A Bill for appointing Commiflkmers to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The ingrafted Bill for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the 3 id year of His present Majesty, lo far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland-, and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the distillation of Spirits in Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence..

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the warehousing of Home-made Spirits in Ireland, and the regulating the Drawbacks on the Exportation to Britain of such Spirits as thall not be warehoused.

V01.. 59.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Cornin'ttce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Com mi tree, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lamb

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reponed from the said Reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given, to bring in a Bill to permit the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation, and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to per- Bill ordered, mit the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation, and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of Inch Spirits as shall not be warehoused: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Foster, Sir Evan Nepean, and Mr. Ormsby, iij prepare; and bring in; the fame.

Mr. Plenty Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow;

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Three Books, severally intituled, Revenue Incidents for the years ending 5th January 1802—1803—and 1804: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Funded Debt of Ireland on the 25th March in each year, from the 25th March 178410 1801, and on the ill of January 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804; together with the Amount created since ill January 1804, by Loans; and the Debt as it now (lands: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Nett Payments into the Treasury of Ireland, from the ordinary Revenues, in the year ending the 5th January 1804; the Amount of the Annual Interest and Charges of the Funded Debt of Ireland, as it now (lands, including all Annuities payable in respect of monies at any time heretofore advanced; and also, of the Annual Interest payable on Treasury Bills: And also.

An Account of the Amount of Balances in the hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of January 1803 and 5 th of January 1804, respectively, and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury for Stamp Revenue in each year ending on the said days: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Balances in the hands of the Poll Office Revenue unpaid to the Treasury on 5th January 1803 and 1804, respectively, and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury in each year ending on the said days.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The

Bill respecting Hackney . Coaches, reported.

Ireland— Books and Accounts presented.

Revenue

Incidents.

Funded Debt

Payments intQ the Trealiuy.

Balances of Stamp Duties.

D° of Post Office.

Appendix.

(No. 66.)

Billrespecting

Commissioa-cr8 under property A&, defericd.

West India tree Ports Bill, reported.

Bill for better preserving the Peace in Ireland, reported.

fcoyal Assent to Bill*,

400

9°—io° yniii.

A. 1804.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Commitiee of the whole whole, upon the Bill for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Port of Crooked If and, one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Scain the Island of Tobago, Free Ports'under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by dne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To morrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 27 th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Execution of the Law,

" and Preservation of the Peace, within Counties at large," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 10° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal HighndTes the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chan-

cellor, the Earl of Dartmouth, and the Lord Walsingham named also in the said Commission. did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty,until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain Public Revenues in,

by making the same payable in currency.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland:

An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland:

An Act for allowing the Sale of certain India Prize Goods, in the Port of Liverpool:

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark:

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingddm, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens;

An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street, to Palace Street, within the said City:

An Act toamendanAft, made in the thirty-first year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge crofe the River Thames from Stanes to in the Counties of

Middlesex and Surrey:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodfock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford:

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon,within the Town of

in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow-on-the-Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another in Ireland-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passedaBill, intituled, An Act for enabling the officiating Minister for the time being of the Chapel of Voylas,in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord* have agreed t#

Bill for

apprehending Offenders, with Amendments.

The Lords have parted

Voylas Chapel BilL

Lords

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment! Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An *? Tont

J 7 An. Navigation

4 Act Bill,agreed to.

44 Glio. III.

10° J

401

Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill rerpeffinf loth and 11 th years of King William the Third, and the ing of the ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending fe- Hackney 6th year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable veral Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage p^cdf* the River Tone,from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney

of Soi/ierfet.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 7. Leave out " last," and insert " one thou-" sand eight hundred and three."

1. 15. Leave out " last," and insert " one thousand eight hundred and three."

Coaches, who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating

And it appearing that the said Amendments were for the to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for purpose of making a clearer and more explicit description indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches, who have

of the date of the Account, Order, and Allowance, mentioned in the Preamble of the Bill, the aduai times not being altered by the said Amendments;

The laid Amendments were severally read a second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th Billrefpeaing

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson, junior, do carry the Bill to and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act 9.°"°

Fuel’s K:tt. Bill, committed

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Fagel, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-reipccting the count of the sums of Money that have been granted for the ^Ireland"*1 Gnmd Canal of Ireland since the commencement of that ordered. work.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

Pbpers

for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and paired. " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that " part of Great Britain called was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that " part of Great Britain called' England.'’

Ordered, That Mr. Holt Leigh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Manufacture*

committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, front Account* of the Correspondence -that took place between the Di- the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended ciamberlam*# redors of Inland Navigation and the Grand Canal Com- at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Office, pany, in Ireland, on the subject of lowering the Tolls on to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Presented' the Grand Canal, and a Statement of such measures as have Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of,

on 5th July 1803: And also.

Several other Annual Accounts of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of For

been adopted by the said Directors towards the reduction of the said Tolls.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to rirorce Bill, dissolve the Marriage of Robert Esquire, with EJlher

Tighe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and Sewers and. Paving—For purchasing the Tolls on the River for other purposes therein mentioned, was read a second Thames—For the Improvements at Temple Bar and Snow time. /////—-For lighting and repairing —For

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. making Streets from Moorfields to Bishopsgale Street, &c.—

Rcfolvfd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee For making more commodious and better regulating the of the whole House. Port of London—For Mooring Chains in the River Thames

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- —and, respecting the Advancement of Money out of the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Consolidated Fund, for the Improvement of the Port of

Bill to permit

certain Persons to lend Letters, &c. free of Voltage, imported.

laid Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, That they do hear ccunfel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill, if the parties concerned think fit to be heard by counlel, or produce witnesses.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the Re-

London.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rickett’* for effecting the sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate at , whereof

port from the Committee of the whole House* to whom Sophia Ricketts, Widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, the Bill to permit the Quarter Master General of His Ma- is Tenant for life, and for inverting the purchase-monies of jesty’s Forces, and certain persons in his office, and in the the Shares which stand limited to the Infant Children of the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces, said George Poyntz Ricketts and Sophia his Wife, in remain-and Barrack Master General of His Majesty’s Forces, to der, in Fee-simple, in some other real Estate, to be settled in send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty lieu of such Shares, and to the same uses, was read a second of Postage, was committed.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Civil List the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, reported, the better support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the

by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom,

and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered 5 K - the

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Vol. 59.

402

10' Julii.

A. 1804.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Billrespecting Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according DutPey2ft to Order, a Bill to obviate certain inconveniences which

poriented.* have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office,

in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Report Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from

Supply* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Addrefi Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred Ninety-eight Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament, stationary Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That f0*-Court of a sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Forty-five Pounds Exchequer, <gjx 5jj]|jngS ancj Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for the year 1804.

Printing, &e. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for Houses of a sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Six hundred Pounds, Parliament. grantecj to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament, for the year 1804.

law Charges. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a lum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Law Charges, for the year 1804.

officers of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Lords and a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Commons, pjvc Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, in the year 1804.

PuMic office Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That u Bow-street. a not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be granted to H is Majesty, towards defraying the expence of the Public Office in Bow Street, for the year 1804.

Dissenting Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wimiters, Sec. a sum> not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred Forty-five Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England and Ireland, and for the Relief of the poor French Protestant Clergy and Laity, for the year 1804.

Secretsries of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That State’sOffices. a fUm, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extra Charge for Messengers of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extra Charge of Contingencies of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1804.

Conv5£Hon of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Felons, See. a furn> n0t exceeding Seven thousand Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons and Overpayments, in the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Fourteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ministers of the Vaudcis Churches, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of The British Mtfeum to carry on the execution of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leone to the 31ft day of December 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One million Seven hundred thousand Pounds Fiji)currency, be granted to His Majesty, for

paying off and discharging Treasury Bills due in Ireland in the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take such measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, for Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency ct Affairs may require, for Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand and Sixty-six Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of three Acts of the 42d and 43d years of His present Majesty, for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent, for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the purpol’es of the said Acts.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreeJ to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chan-chellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mr. Long,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Stv.rges Bourne, and Mr . Hufkifj'on,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hairy Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the liime were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament for the service of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds currency, be raised by Treasury Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament for the Service of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings on every Promissory Note or other Note for the payment of Money by the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to the Bearer on demand, which may within three years after the date thereof, but not at a laterperiod, be rc-issued from time to time, after payment at any place where the sum expressed therein, or made pay-3 able

Minister* of

Vaudoii

Churche*,

British

Muicum.

Sierra Leone

Treasury Bia in Ireland.

Vote of Credit.

D°

for Ireland.

Purclufc of Lands at YV col with and Cfcamoa.

Report Waji nnd Means.

Exchequer

BilU.

Treasury Bi 15, for Ireland.

Duties on Stamps-

Je. si

Duties on Sumps.

Duties on Spirit* in Ireland.

Bills ordered.

Instructions.

Itaughton nclosure Bill, epoited.

44 Geo. III.

10° yulii.

403

able thereby, amounts to, and shall not exceed'One hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Stamp Duty of Threfc Pounds and Three Shillings upon every Certificate to be taken out by Persons who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or destruction of Game in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied externally or internally, as Medicines or ’ Medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief, of any disorder or complaint incident to, or in any wise affecting, the human body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall not exceed the price or value of One Shilling, a Stamp Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon all Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland, which shall be warehoused in Ireland for Exportation, and which shall remain in warehouse above a certain period, a Duty after the rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the year, on the Amount of the Duties of Ex-cife payable in Ireland on such Spirits.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord , Mr.

Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hufkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Fofier, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the third, fourth, and fifth of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to permit the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation, and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great in the County of Huntingdon,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s

Vol. 59.

command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Oak BarkBill, to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act of the 12th ^Ex^ring year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the manu- 'Law.) facture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Britida to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, &c‘

several Laws relating to the more effectual encouragement presented. of the British Fisheries, and to the encouragement of the (Expiring Trade and Manufacture of the I/le of Man; to the improv- w*‘* ing the Revenue thereof; and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Account of Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Company, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Calli belonging to the separate Fund of the East India Company, from the year 1793, inclusive, to the ill of March 1804, and of all Appropriations, or Payments, made from that Fund in the fame period.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix. volume. (No. 67.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill forbetter ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be li- J^pSofin mited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ireland,

27th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for F11*

" the better execution of the Law, and preservation of the " Peace, within Counties at large," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until seven years after the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better execution of the Law, and pre-" servation of the Peace, within Counties at large."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, Act* made in the 37 th year of His present Majesty, for raising Loyalty Low, the sum of Eighteen Millions, by way of Annuities; and also, of an Act, made in the 4$d year of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Poole, from the Abstract of office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of i

State,

To be com. pleted, and printed.

Jpfendix,

(No. 68.)

Kaft India

Colnpany’t

Revenue

Accounts,

referred to a

Committee.

Considered,

Lotteries Bill, committed.

Instruction

resp<6Hng the Surplus of the Grants /or i8oj.

404

10°—1V Julii. A. 1804.

State, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the dirtftions of art Act of Parliament,

An Abstract of the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for * procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Mainte-" nance of the Poor in England."

And then he withdrew; and the Title wasVead.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table.

And the House being informed that several of the Returns, directed to be made by the said Act, have not yet been received, but may be expected in a (hurt time; and that it will be necessary, in consequence thereof, to make some alterations in the said Abstract;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do insert in the said Abstract the expected Returns, as they flrall come in; and do make such alterations in the said Abstract as may be necessary for completing the fame.

Ordered, That when the said Abstract shall have been so completed, the fame be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers cf this Session; and a Summary of the County Totals, and Grand Total thereof, for the year ended Easter 18035 together with a subjoined Account of the amount of Charitable Donations, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues of the India Company, be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Straehey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Henry Straehey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution of the 22d day of March last.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commm«oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Circulation of Bank Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a * limited time, and to restrain the future issue of them, under certain Limitations, in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to te-port to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself iHfhFecs.ic. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Commimon-appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gra- deferred, tuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland,

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Bi'lreineai's into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Commiiion-regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in property a.0.. the execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, deterred, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for making the Port of weftlndu Crooked Island, one of the Bahama islands, and the Port of Fr^, Joru Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, Free Ports under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Julii;

Anno 440 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 22d day of March last, was reported from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to * His Majesty, there be iflfued and applied the fom of " One million Three hundred and Seventy thousand Six " hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Four Shillings and " Eight Pence Halfpenny, being the Surplus of the Grants " for the year 1803."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the third of the Resolutions, which, upon the 2d day of May last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That

Prayers.

MR Baldivin reported from the Committee, to whom Fagel’.

the ingrafted Bid from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Page!, was committed.; That the Ind°paffk Committee had examined the A‘legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bid do pais. I

Ordered, That Mr. Baldivin do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Wellesley Role presented to the House, according to Woolwich Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors and Charlton . of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kenpurchased in pur- pruented.’

fuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

promoting

Ireland— Accounts ordered:

Public

Expenditure.

Orders for checking the tarar.

Ireland— Accounts presented:

Public

Expenditure*

Copy of

Report of Mr. Croker.

Appendix*

(No. 69.)

Ramsgate

Harbour

Account,

presented.

Voylas Chape! Bill, read.

44 Geo. III. 11

405

promoting the service of Mis Majesty’s Ordnance: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feednd time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Mouse, an Account of the Public Expenditure in in the year

1801, so far as relates to heads of Expenditure charged on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland-, viz. Civil Lilt, Petitions, other permanent Charges, Payments in anticipation of Exchequer Receipts, Manning the Fleets, Ordnance, the Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Service, viz. Regulars, including Invalids, Fencibles, Militia, Volunteer Corps, &c.; for Barracks, for Stalf Officers, and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Pay of Public Officers; also, the Extraordinary Service of the Army, and Miscellaneous Services; distinguishing 1'uch part of the said Expenditure as was for Service prior to the year 1801, from fuchpart as was incurred within the said year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of the Orders and Proceedings of His Majesty’s Government in Ireland, for checking the Expenditure of Public Monies in the Civil and Military Departments since the lit of January 1801; together with Copies of the Returns, Reports, and Proceedings, made thereupon.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Treasury of Ireland, attended at the door; he was cal led in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Book, intituled, " An Account of the Public Expen-" diture in Ireland in the year 1801, so far as relates to heads * of Expenditure, charged on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Br ' ain and Ireland-, viz. Civil * Lift, Penfi ^ns, other permanent Charges, Payments in * anticipation of Exchequer Receipts, Manning the Fleets, * Ordnance, the Army; specifying the Amount of Monies •* paid on Account of the Ordinary Service, viz. Regulars, * including Invalids, Fencibles, Militia, Volunteer Corps, " &c.; for Barracks, for Staff Officers, and Officers of * Garrisons; for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Pay " of Public Officers; also, the Extraordinary Service of the * Army, and Miscellaneous Services; distinguishing such " part of the said Expenditure as was for Service prior to * the year 1801. from such part as was incurred within the "said year:" And also.

Copy of the Report of John Croker, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Port of Dublin, as ordered by, and delivered to, the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and dated the 25th of October 1802.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Book and Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Book and Report are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract of the said Book is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Pritzler, Secretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended at the

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ramsgate Harbour Trust Account, from the 24th June

1802, to the 24rh June 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the officiating Minister, for the time being, of the Chapel of Voylas, in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapelj was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Vol. $9.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Seventh Report of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and ex-" amine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which " are, or have been practised by Persons employed in the " several Naval Departments therein mentioned; and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report l’uch Obfer-" rations as shall occur to them, for preventing such Irre-" gularities. Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better con-" dudting and managing the business of the said Depart-" ments, and of Prize Agency, in future."

And then he withdrew; and the Tide was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Seventh

Report of

Commissioners of Naval

Enquiry,

presenteil.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of staughton . Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the incWurcBill, third time. paUe<*'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great,

in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Committee on Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the |fickeRMi Sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto be- tofit'on1 ' lunging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Rirketts, Friday, widow ol George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, is Tenant for life, and for inverting the Purchase Monies of the Shares which Hand limited to the Infant Children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in Fee-simple, in lotne other Real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such Shares, and to the same uses, is committed, have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Friday next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 28th Exportation year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade be- of Sa!t tween the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Planta- hTthlTweit* tions in North America and in the West India Islands, and indies, to be the Countries belonging to the United States of , con re

and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Salt to be exported from the Port of; in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America coming in ballast, in like manner as Salt is permitted to be exported from Turk's Island.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the'House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Ntifjau, in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and tire Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Ifands, in ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in baliaft.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for per- Bill ordered, mitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of,

in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and

5 L the

406 11° Ju/ii.

A. 1804.

the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama ,in ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballad: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. Bourne, and Mr. Hujkijfon,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to amend The House was moved. That an Act, made in the lad Defence Act, Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty more effectu-erdered. ally to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War* and for indemnifyingPersonswho may Fuller in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend certain of the provisions of the said Act, which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Extracts of Minutes of Midtllefex Eleaion 1 Committee, presented.

Lord Viscount Marsham presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extracts of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of so far as relates to the matters contained in the Special Report which was made from the said Committee, upon Monday last.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Extracts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Extracts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Extracts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to itnend The House was moved, That an Act, made in this pre-EnghihArmy Session of Parliament, for establishing and maintaining ordered. a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, so far as the fame relates to the City of London: And that Mr. Alderman Combe, Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, and Sir Charles Brice, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City L»ve°wfpre. London attended at the door; they were called in; and, sent a Petition at the Bar, presented to the House,

Poult*1"8 th* Pet*t,on of die Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com* Compier. mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; letting forth. That, by a recent Survey of the Poultry Compter, in the City of London, it has been found to be in such a state of decay as to become inadequate to the safe custody of the Debtors and Prisoners therein confined, and extremely dangerous, as well to the lives of the said Debtors and Prisoners, as to other Persons resorting thereto; and that from the above circumstances, the Petitioners apprehend it may become indispensably necessary to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the said Compter to some other place of confinement for fate custody, during the time that may be requisite for the rebuilding of the said Compter; and that the state of the said Prison was not discovered to be so bad as it is now ascertained to be till long lince the time fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition fora Bill to authorize the Removal of Debtors and PrisoneTs from the said Poultry Compter to some other place of confinement; and also the Office belonging to the said Compter.

Leavt given. Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum-llances let forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as dclired.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Petition mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Removal of Debtors and Prisoners from the said Poultry Compter to some other place of confinement; and also the Office belonging to the said Compter.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr.

Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- West India ing of tl'.e ir.grofled Bill for making the Port of Crooked If and, one of the Bahama Iffands, and the Port of Scar- ’ * borough, in the llland of Tobago, Free Ports, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to obviate certain doubts respecting an Act of the 36th year of His present Majesty.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. t

Pr. 6. 1. 8. To leave out from " " to And,"

in 1. 37.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the Port of Crooked If and, one of the Bahama islands, a Free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for removing doubts that have arisen in respect of an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a Free Port.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Combe presented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and render mor* effectual, Enjd^h Arwy an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, inti- patented, tuled, " An Act for establishing and maintaining a per-" manent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm,

" and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular " Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of " England," so far as the fame relates to the City of London: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- -morrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir The Lords

and Mr. Harvey: have asreed*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Bill to en’.ir enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in Foreigner*. His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Comini (lions as aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. London Coal for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in Market M.

11 the

<^o e

4*4* Geo. III.

11° Julll

407

Iwick rich ire Bill, th Ameml-

:DtS.

ic Lords ve passed

11 to render lid certain arriages.

lde’s it. Bill.

crock’s it. Bill.

he Lords fire a Copy the Report speckii.g the xn Trade.

}py sent to e Lords.

h de’s at. Bill, «d.

Greek’s st. Bill, cad.

ill to render •lid certain iairia^cs, cad.

](h Spirits rarehouling Bill, •denied.

the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of within certain places therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County of Bedford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And alfoi

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " preventing of Clandestine Marriages;" to which the Lords delire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bernard Uhde; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock; to which the Lords delire

the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House would be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, a copy of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was recommitted, which was made from the Committee appointed by this House, to consider of so much of the f’e-veral Petitions of Land Owners, Barley Growers, Maltsters, and others, in the Counties of Suffolk, Stafford,

Wanvick, Essex, and Lincoln, which were presented to this

House on the 15th and 29th days of February, and the 38th and 29th days of March last, as relates to an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the last part of the said Message into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Bernard Uhde, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the a6th year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the

better preventing Clandestine Marriages," was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the warchoufing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumprion; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of l'uch Spirits as shall not be ware-bouled: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

VOL. 59.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, irith Treafwj aBillforraifing the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds Blls Bil'» Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, prtlenle ' for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Fofer presented to the House, according to Order, irish Custom* a Bill to make further Regulations for the better collec- and Bx9fe tion and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein: And presented. the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Henry Strachey, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Ba,t Indl* ferred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which Revenue* have been presented to the House in this Session of Parlia- Accounts, ment, relating to the Revenues of the East India Company, the Rel'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee; That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Subsidy and Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, and the Receipts from the lalesof Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, amounted, on the average of three years, 1800-1 to 1802-3, both inclusive, to the lum of Seven Crore Thirty-eight Lacs Eighty-eight thousand and Thirty-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the fame heads, which were estimated, for the year 1802-3, to amount to Seven Crore Sixty-one Lacs Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Forty Current Rupees, amounted to Eight Crore Thirty-eight Lacs Eight hundred and Seventy-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and in Benares and Oude, under the heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated, for the year 1802-3, at Four Crore Fifty-three Lacs Fifty thousand Six hundred and Fifty-five Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Seventy-seven Lacs Fifty-five thousand One hundred and Twenty-one Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude,under the heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy and Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, the Receipts from the tales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the Governor General in Council, to amount to the sum of Eight Crore Six Lacs Forty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Fourteen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and in Benares and Oude, under the heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications,

of

408 i 1° Jidll 1804.

of the collev^ing the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Op.sum, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the (Governor General in Council, to amount to the lum cf Five C.ore Six Lacs Sixty-nine thousand Four hundred ar.u Two Current Rupees.

Ref'vzd, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the E India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements fub-ord nate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Cir-cars, under the heads of, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs; Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on the average of three years, 1800-1 to 1802-3, both inclusive, to the Cum of Twenty-nine Lacs, Thirty-six thousand Three hundred and Thirty-four Pagodas. 1

Refohed, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordi-nate thereto, and in the >Carna and Northern Circars, under the heads of, Pod Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsid its from the Nabob of Rajah of Tan-jore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the year 1801*3, *° amount to One hundred and Sixteen Lacs Seventy-five thoqfand Nine hundred and Twenty-three Pagodas, amounted to One hundred and Eighteen Lacs Twelve thousand Two hundred and Sixty Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective heads of, Port Office, Civil and Judicial, Military Charges, and Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the year 1802-3, to amount to One hundred and Thirteen Lacs Eighty-nine thousand One hundred and Ninety-one Pagodas, amounted to One hundred and Twenty-three Lacs Thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and Sixty-five Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordi-nate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads aforesaid, for the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the sum of One hundred and Twenty-two Lacs Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Thirty-eight Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective heads aforesaid, in the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the lum of One hundred and Twenty-five lacs Forty-five thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, exclusive of the Revenues of the Ceded Countries, amounted, on the average of three years, 1800-1 to 1802-3, both inclusive, to the sum of Twenty-leven Lacs Forty-icven thousand and Forty-three Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the year 1802-3, to amount to Thirty-six Lacs Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-seven Rupees, amounted to Thirty-one Lacs Ninety-five thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-six Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the year 1802-3, to amount to Eighty Lacs Sixty-five thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-six Rupees, amounted to One Crore Nine Lacs Twenty-seven thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pcupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Forty-six Lacs Nine thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the year 1803-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to One Crore Thirty-one Lacs Forty-five thousand Six hundred and Six Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms and Licences, amounted, on an average of three years, 1798-9 to 1800-1, both inclusive, to Thirty-five thousand Two hundred and Twenty-six Spanish Dollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the several Settlements in India, amounted, on the 30th April 1803, to the sum of Twenty-one Crore Eighty-eight Lacs Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Current Rupees, in which is included the sum of Two Crore One Lac Twenty-three thousand Four hundred and Seventy-nine Current Rupees, stated to be in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the part of the aforesaid Debts, bearing interest (including the sum of One Crore Sixty-eight Lacs Sixty-nine thousand One hundred and Seventy-three Current Rupees, the amount of the Public Securities redeemed by the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund) amounted to Eighteen Crore Seventy-one Lacs Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Thirty-two Current Rupees; and that the interest thereon amounted to One Crore Fifty-seven Lacs Forty thousand One hundred and Seven Current Rupees, including the sum of Twelve Lacs Sixty-three thousand Five hundred and Ninety-seven Current Rupees, the Interest on the amount redeemed by the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the value of Afi'ets in India, consisting of Cash in the Treafu-ries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for use and sale, amounted, on the 30th April 1803 (including Current Rupees, Seven Crore Ninety-five Lacs Eight thousand One hundred and Ninety-one, of Debts stated to be owing to the Company there) to Fourteen Crore Sixty-three Lacs Nine thousand Seven hundred and Nine Current Rupees; of which sum the Public Securities and Balances, in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, forms a part, to the amount of Two Crore One Lac Twenty-three thousand Four hundred and Seventy-nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balance of Stock against the East India Company’s Commerce in China amounted, on the 31ft January 1803, to the sum of Two hundred and Sixty thousand and Nine hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Two thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-five Pounds of Debts transferred from India) amounted, on the 1 ft day of March 1804, to Four millions Seven hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Sixty* five Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and afloat outward, consisting of Annuities, Calli in Treasury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold. Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on the ift day of March 1804, to the sum of Nineteen millions One hundred and Sixty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, including Four millions and Eighteen thousand Pounds, stated by the Company as a claim upon Government, subject to adjullment.

44 Geo. III.

irjuiu.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company’s Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an average, to amount to Four millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, amounted, in the year 1803-4, to the sum of Five millions Eight hundred and Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confideiation upon Monday next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-m. ferrcd, to consider of an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for raising the fu n of Eighteen Millions, by way of Annuities; and all'o, of an Act, made in the 42d year of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to latisfv certain Exchequer Bills, the llefolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as fol-Joweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all and every person and persons possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities after the rate of 5 per-centum per

annum,granted by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the sum * of Eighteen Millions, by way of Annuities," and by an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain " Exchequer Bills," who shall, by themselves, or any Agent duly authorized, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the 25th day of August 1804, his or their delire to take the benefit of the terms contained in this Resolution, shall remain entitled to receive the Dividend which will become due on such Capital Stock on the 10th day of October 1804, and shall further, from and after the said xoth day of October, be entitled to receive so much Capital Stock as shall be equal in value to £. 100 sterling, estimated, at the option of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in either of the two following modes} videlicet. Either such Person shall be entitled to hold such Capital Stock as aforesaid, as consolidated with, and making part of, the Consolidated Annuities after the rate of £. 5 per-centum per annum, created by an Act, made in the 24th year oF His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon One haif-year’s Dividend on the 5th day of January 1805, and in addition thereto every such Person shall be entitled to so much Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of £. 3 per-centum per as shall be equal to

the difference between the sum of 100 sterling and the value of £.too Capital Stock in the said Consolidated Annuities, after the rate of £. 5 per-centum per annum, the value of such several Stocks to be ascertained at the time, and in the manner, herein after mentioned} or, for every £. 100 of such Capital Stock first-mentioned, and in lieu thereof, to receive so much Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of £. 3 per-centum per annum, as shall be equal to £. 100} and that the value of every £.100 of such Capital Stock in Annuities, after the rate of £.$ per-centum per annum Reduced, or in Annuities after the rate of I- 5 per-centum per annum, granted by an Act of the 64th year of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, shall be computed and taken on the average price of such Annuities respectively on the last ten days preceding the icth/Jay of October aforesaid, on which any Transfer shall have been made in either of the said Jaft-meiitioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making deduction of the amount of the Dividend due, or accruing thereon, such average to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the interest on such Reduced Annuities shall commence from the said 10th day of October 1804; but that no person or persons, before the 5th day of April 1805, shall transfer, or be entitled or enabled to transfer, or have, or be entitled to have, any Certificate, Receipt, or other Voucher, negociable by delivery or otherwise, for any such Reduced £. 3. per-centum Annuities given as equivalent to the differ-VOL. 59.

409

ence in value between the said £. 5 per-centum Annuities and £. 100. sterling, if the option shall be so declared; or in case the said £. 5 per-centum Annuities, created by the said Acts of the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, shall be converted into £. 3 per-centum Reduced Annuities, then, for such proportion of the said last mentioned Annuities as shall be equal to such difference as aforesaid; such proportion, in the latter case, to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Nix.-Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hufkijjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon St^gDutiM the Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly }

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to divide the said Bill into two Bills, if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House relolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they hid made a progress in the Biii; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Produce of the Acoownt of Stamp Duties for the year ended the 5th day of January Stamp Duties, 1804; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Amount arising to * printed, from each document, article, instrument, or thing, on which the Duty attaches, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Attorney General pretented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill to amend certain of the provisions of an Defence Act, Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to enable preent His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hujkijfonprefepted to the House, according to Order, Voteof Credit

a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two mil- Bi*U lions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and pur- pre ent * poses therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. HufEJfonpresented to the House, according to Order, ConfolMatsd

a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of money B,h* out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for p * applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a llcond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

3 M

Ordered,

410 11° Julii. A. 1804.

Bill respeOing ‘ Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-prwrty ing of the Bill 'o obviate certain inconveniences which have rommitted. been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court o! Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

iri& Revenue The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve defended. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill

* to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the

better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Act relating The House was moved, That the several Acts for im-s°iv&ct*in*1 P°sing Duties on Salt, and relating to the Trade between Ireland, to b# Ireland And Newfoundland, might be read, considered. And the fame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Bill to permit The ingrossed Bill to permit the Quarter Matter General foMtofcnd Pf His Majesty’s Forces, and certain persons in his office,' Letter*, &c. and in the offices of the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Pb<fa°e Forces, and Barrack Matter General of His Majesty’s passel.'* Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit certain persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Matter General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Pottage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Matter General, and the Barrack Matter General, to authorize persons in their office to fend Letters free from the said Duty. i

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

civil Lift Bill, The ingrossed Bill for the better support of His Ma-passed. jetty’s Household, and of the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better support of His Majesty’s House-, hold, and of the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

OakBirkBill, A Bill for further continuing an Act of the 12th year committed. Df fjjs present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture ' XPJUw?) of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im-' portation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate, was, according to Order, read a second . , time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

British A Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, several

FiOieries, See. Laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the committed. British Fishcnes, and to the encouragement of the Trade

(Kxpiring and Manufacture of the Isle of Man , to the improving the

Laws.) -

Revenue thereof; and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to arid from the said Island, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committee ~ Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Lotterlw k* to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further irirti consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole NotfS Bi l-House, to whom the Bill to allow the circulation of Bank re’a,m,luRC'1' Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and to restrain the future issue of them, under certain-. Limitations, in Ireland, was committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be re-commttied to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said confident. Committee. ana reported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any further Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfod.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- frith Fee*, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, deferred. Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame; and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order ofethe day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Committ-fcn House, upon the Bill for regulating the appointment of Billreipectinj Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the ers7inderJn last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Property AS Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further oi the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the clock.

•44 Geo. III.

12° Jatii.

411

Jot is, 12°

Anno 440 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1804.

pans, n(petting The Britishi Museum, to 3e returned.

Poultry Compter

Petition,

eported#

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the several Plans and Designs for additional Buildings to The British which were

presented to the House upon the 3d day of this instant July, be returned.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council atlembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Mountague, Esquire, being examined, said, That by a recent survey of the Poultry Compter in the City of London, it has been found to be in such a Rate of decay, as to become inadequate to the (afe custody of the Debtors and Prisoners therein confined, and extremely dangerous as well to the lives of the said Debtors and Prisoners, as to other persons resorting thereto; and that, from the above circum-stances, the Petitioners apprehend it may become indispen-sably necessary to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the -said Compter to some other place of confinement for safe custody, during the time that may be requisite for the rebuilding of the said Compter.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said City, until the said Compter shall be rebuilt or repaired: And that Sir John William Anderfm and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

tin to amend Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second 0|'cf, Anny *eacling of the Bill to alter, amend, and render more effec-imnutted. tual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a " permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the * Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s " Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the * Militia of England," (b far as the fame relates to the , City of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

mltry - Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, acord-ctentedf1 * inS to Order, a Bill for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said City, until the said Compter shall be rebuilt or repaired: And

• the fame was received; and read the first time.

• Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

aolwich Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-lnan«tOB in§ for ma^'ng Compensation to the Proprietors

»ds Bill, * of certain Lands and Hereditaments lituate at Woolwich omitted, and Charlton, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, fqr promoting the Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tlie whole House.

V01. 59.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Bath Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Bath,in the County of Somerset, in the room of the

Right honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord Thynne, who, lince his election for the said City, hath accepted the office of Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Bill to render ing of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Commiu*ci. Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages," be now read.

And the said Order being read accord-'ngly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Vote of Credit ing of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Bl*|? , Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses c° and purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. , ,.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow., resolve itself * into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the fecon^l read- Consolidated ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Fupd Bli|l,1 money out of the Consolidated Fund ot Britain-, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow., resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

t 1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Bill to amend ing of the Bill to amend certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to enable His com Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm. which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve London itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Docks for warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks w""1,ou!‘n8 made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His deferred, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet " Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater " accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce,

" and Revenue, within the Port of and to make

Regulations relating to the said Docks;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

n Mr.

) by

412

12° J

A. 1804.

lift of Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to the

Balance*, &c. dfieftions of an Act of Parliament,

cf Arm A Lift of the Accounts delivered into the office of the Account*) Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army since the 5th pretented. Qf january 1793, whereon any Balances appeared to

be owing to or from the Public on 5th January 1803; specifying the names and services of the Accountants, and the progress made upon their respective Accounts, together with the time when they were respectively delivered in and reported upon to the Treasury; l'pecifying also, the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and date of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are still unpaid, so far as the fame can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Into Fee*. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to &c. Com- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon rai^l"er* the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the deterred. Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland,therein mentioned} to examine into anyAbufes which mayexist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lotterie* Bill,- Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from reported. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by Lotteries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House } and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Committee on Ordered That the Order of the day, for the House to re-

Oak Bark Bill. f0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the * Law!)6 Bill for further continuing an Act of the 12th year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- -morrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to' Commit:* I resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts for imposing Duties on Salt, and salt, Vc 05 relating to the Trade between Ireland and mireiiat

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committees resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending, several (Exp*/ Laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the Ll"-) British Fisheries, and to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of the ljle of Man; to the improving the Revenue thereof $ and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commitrt* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the appointment of era unii/ Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Property Ai Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through * he Bill, and made several Amend- j

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- irish ing of the ingrossed Bill to allow the circulation of Bank N<’^o:U’ Notes under Twenty Shillings, for a limited time, and, to c restrain the future issue of them, under certain Limitations, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to permit the issue and negociation of certain Promissory Notes under a limited sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland, and to restrain the issue and negotiation of certain other Notes.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill for Exportation of Salt from Wdt Lidia Port*, presented.

Mr. St urges Bourne presented to the House, according Mr. Bourne presented to the House, according Loyyit.a*

to Order, a Bill for permitting the Exportation of Salt from to Order, a Bill for granting additional Annuities to the

the Port of Nafnu, in the Island of New Providence, the Proprietors of Stock created by two A<fb, pallid in the prC ......

Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the B i~ 37th an<^ 4*d years of His present Majesty: And the fame hama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the was received; and read the first time.

United States of America, and coming in ballast: And R.solved, That the Bill beread a second time, the fame was received 5 and read the first time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. morrow.

The

44 Geo. III. 12° Julii. 413

Lords The House proceeded to take into consideration the

j'Xiiwildf1* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled* icioiureBill, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

jiced to. the County of Bedford.

And the {kid Amendments were read j and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 8. 1. c. After " Parish" insert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That if * any dispute or difference shall arise " between any of the parties who now " are, or who shall, before the making of the Award of the Commissioners, * be interested in the said intended * Division and Inclosure, touching or " concerning the respective {hares and * proportions, rights, and interests, " which any of them shall claim of and " in the Lands and Grounds hereby " directed to be divided and indofed, * or touching the value of any of the * Homesteads, Home Closes, or other " inclosed Lands or Grounds, within the said Parish, it shall be lawful " for the said Commissioners, and " they are hereby empowered, to en-" quire into, hear, and determine the * lame respectively.

Clause (B.) u Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That if any person or persons, Bo-" dies Politic or Corporate, who shall " make any claim or daims to or " upon any of the Lands or Heredi-" taments intended to be divided or *( affected by this Act, or any right " or interest therein, or who shall " object to any claim or daims, to * be made by any other person or * persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, " shall be dissatisfied with any de-" termination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any u such claim or objection, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the " laid Commissioners, within one ca-'* lendar month after such determina-cc tion shall have been lb made by the " said Commissioners (of which No-" tice the said Commissioners are " hereby required immediately upon " or as loon as may be after the re-" ceipt thereof, to cause a true copy " to be delivered to or left at the " usual place of abode of the adverse * party or parties, or of his, her, or " their respective Agents or Attornies) " then, but not otherwise, it shall be " lawful for the person or persons, " Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, " giving such notice, or their re-" Ipeftive Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, " to proceed to a trial at Law of the " matter or matters so determined by " the said Commissioners at the then " next Assizes to be holden for the " County of Bedford (unless such next " Assizes shall happen within two months after making the determi-" nation in question, and in that " case, at the following Assizes) and for that purpose the person or per-" fons. Bodies Politic or Corporate, " who shall be dissatisfied with the " determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be " brought in one of His Majesty’s " Courts at Westminster, upon a feigned " issue, against the person or persons, " Bodies Politic or Corporate, in

Vol. 59.

" whose favohr such determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear " and file common baij, and accept " one or more issue or issues, whereby " the claim or claims, and the right xtr rights thereby infilled on, may be " tried and determined (such issue or u issues to be settled by the proper *c Officer of the Court in which the.

* said Action or Actions shall be " commenced, in case the parties * shall differ about the fame); and the * Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions,

* shall be final and conclusive upon * all and every such person and per-" fons. Bodies Politic and Corporate,

* unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts,

" and order a new Trial or new Trials,

* to be had therein (which it shall " be lawful for the Court to do, and " also upon sufficient cause shewn, to " put off the trial of such issue, as is " usual fn other cases); and after anjr " such Verdict or Verdicts shall be " obtained, and not set aside by the " Court, the said Commissioners shall,

" and they are hereby required, to act in conformity thereto, and to allow * or disallow the claim or claims * thereby determined, according to w the event of such Trial or Trials."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Irifc Customi reading of the Bill to make further Regulations for the Keg^atioa better collection and security of His Majesty's Revenue of Bill, Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds ewwwtted. therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second IrilhTrwrfury reading of the Bill for raising the sum of Eight hundred Bills ?il]» thousand Pounds, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the commUt service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read, for the second Proceeding* reading of the Bill to permit the warehousing of Spirits in spinw Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the lame Warehousing when taken out for rfome Consumption; and to regulate Bill* the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

5 N And

Ricketts* Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Tight* Divorce Bill, deferred.

Bill Tor Exportation of bait from West India Ports, committed.

Loyalty Lo Bill, committed.

Poultry Compter Bi! ♦onanitted.

414

And Notice being taken, that forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

Ihe House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Julii.

A. 1S04;

Veneris, 13°

Anno 44° Georgii III11* Regis, 1804-Praters.

MR. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, Widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, is Tenant for life, and for inverting the purchase monies of the shares which (land limited to the infant Children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his Wife, in remainder,

in Fee-simple, in feme other real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such shares, and to the same uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tighe, Esquire, with Tig/te,

his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for Other purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Confideiwt Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Combe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Combe accordingly reported from the said Rcpwte*. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his placet a"d afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee Ot* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of cer- ordnance tain Lands and Hereditaments situate at and Lands Bill,

Charlton, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked If and, in the Bahama Ifands, in ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballart, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to l> remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said City, until the said Compter shall be rebuilt or repaired, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Cmnniitretna resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the f:!l,so Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, paf- rtim*

fed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional " Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for " augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the * gradual Reduction of the Militia of so far as the fame relates to the City of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jemit*' the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Marria-ct, render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of parting an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better preventing of Clandeiline Marriages," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

44 Gko.HI. 13° Juliu 415

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sp< aker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the fame, to the House; without anyAmend*-ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Consolidated Ordered’, That the Order of the day, for the House to i umt Kill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ‘c erre ' the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Confohdated Fund of Great Britain', and for applying a certain sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/vcd, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Property411"8 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Buty Ad. the Bill to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, be now read.

• And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow.

paltry An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Sheriffs of the City

Coriptei Bill, of London, to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the pj u. Poultry Compter, to another place of confinement in the said

City, until the said Compter shall be rebuilt or repaired, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry, to another place of confinement in the said City.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

t’ommitteeon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Voieot credit resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon i'" ' the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the Grid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelr into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direrfled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Biarerpffling Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from

Commission- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Prope-t*rAft regulating ^ie appointment of Commissioners to act in the itpwuX * execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising trom Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Vol. 59.

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thfe Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To- morrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Oak Bark, the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act of the 12th year of His present (Expiring* Majesty, for encouraging the Manufactures of Leather, by Law.) lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from British -the Committee of the whole House, to whom, the Bill for Fifterie*, ic. reviving, continuing, and amending several La.ws, relat- reported, ing to the more effectual encouragement of the British (Expiring Fisheries, and to the encouragement of the Trade and Ma- Laws.) nufaftureof the Isle of Man; to the improving the Revenue thereof; and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported front Report on the Committee of the whole House; to whom it was re- Acts relating ferred to consider of the several Acts for imposing Duties gal,°U on Salt, and relating to the Trade between Ireland and in Ireland. Newfoundland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table Where the fame were read; and are as followeth i viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Salt, imported into either of the Ports of Waterford, Roft,

Cork, or Limerick, and warehoused there, be allowed to be exported, Duty-free, in Ships clearing out of any of the said Ports for the Newfoundland Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Salt, imported into either of the Ports of Waterford, Ross,

Cork, or Limerick, be allowed to be trans-shipped, Dutyfree, and without landing the fame, on board of Vessels clearing out of any of the said Ports the Newfoundland Fishery.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committed of Inftroaion. the whole House, to whom the Bill to make further Regulations for the better collcdlion and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, is committed. That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, purfttant to the said Resolutions.

A Petition of Richard Tillyer Blunt, on behalf of himself Petition of and others, Distillers in the City of Cork, was presented to ^1r1^rs 0

the respecting

trish Spirits W?rthoufine Bill.

Billy

committed.

Irish Revenue Bill, deferred.

The Lord* have agreed to

Irish Army Bill.

Lady

Kil warden’s Annuity Bill.

Bill for making Compensatien for Lunds at Weedon Beck.

Chatham, &c.

Ordnance Lands Bill.

Banff Roads Bill.

Hogslhorpe and Mamby Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Habeas Corpus Bill

416 i3° Julil A. 1804.

the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to permit the Warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for Charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home consumption; and to regulate the Exportation, to Great Britain, of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused; and fettin^ forth, That, from the provisions and Regulations of the said Bill, the interests of the Peritioner, and those concerned in the Distillery Trade, will be very materially affected: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or counsel, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law in its present form.

Ordered, That the said- Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or counlel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Vif-countess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur

Lord Viscount Kilwarden; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Weedon Beck, in the Coupty of Northampton, purjchaled in pursuance of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at , and for the use of

His Majesty’s Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and.repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen, and Inverness; for building Bridges over the River Spey; and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hogsthorpe and Mumby-cum-Chapel, in the County of Lincoln-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum in certain cases; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John William Ande/on reported from the Committee, Tflip to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iflip* Parted? in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their conlent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Lo"^r’cs B reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a p" sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Sta^ftPuliei Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr * Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to irifl, cuitojs* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and Excite the Bill to make further Regulations for the better collection and security of His Majesty's RevenueofCustoms and Excise defend, in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ommittcecn Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Bin teamed certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year Defen«^a-of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr: Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ware- Lo"d<-n housing Goods within the limits of certain Docks, made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His Hi:, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet " Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater " accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce,

" and Revenue, within the Port of ," and to make

Regulations relating to the said Docks.

x 3 Mr.

Committee on Irish Treasury Bills Bill.

Royal Afloat to Bills.

44 Geo. III. tF-W JuUu 417

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read }

The House revived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irish cufrency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 14° die

Anno 44* Georgii Iil,u Regis, 1804. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarm Yeoman Ulher of the Black Road:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commillion, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon determined by both House', do d lire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the dclire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Cotr.miftion under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sv.ffex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of and the Lord

Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kihvarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kihvarden:

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces:

An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to en-lift as Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Beck, in

the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, VOL. 59.

for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance:

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the use of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Common and

Woolwich:

An Act to render valid certain Marriages folerftnized in certain Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the bettei preventing of Clandestine Marriages:"

An Act for altering and enlarging the powers ofan Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impulkions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned: An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, pafLd in the tenth and eleventh years of King William t e Third, and the sixth year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the Rive- Tone, from to Taunton, in

the County of Somerset:

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen, and; for building Bridges over the River Spey; and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roaus and Bridges in the said County of Banff:

An Act for effecting the Sale of a Freehold Mefluane, with the Lands thereto belonging, fifuite at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, Widow of George Poyntz RitkJ/s, Esqtiire, is Tenant for Life, and for invelting t >e Puruia e-monies of the Share* which (land limited 10 the Infant Children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his Wife, in remainder, in Fee-Ample, in some other Real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such Scares, and to the same uses:

An Act for inctofing Lands in the Parish of Afiwick, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for naturalizing James Fagel.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendments, made by the Lord ,to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indoling Lands in the Parishes of Hogsthorpe and Mumby-cum-Chapel, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. it. 1. 38. Leave out "twelve," and insert " eight." Pr. 15. 1. 19. Leave out " one," and inlert " two."

1. 20. Leaveout "month,"and insert"months." Pr. 16. 1. 30. Leave out " one," and insert "two;" and in the fame line, leave out " month," and insert " months."

The said Amendments being severally read a feconi time, were, upon the Question l'cveraily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IJlip, in the County of Oxford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IJlip, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present SelCon of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent " Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to " provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; " and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of so far as the lame relates to the City of London, was committed.

Mr. Alderman Combe accordingly reported from the said

5 Q Committee

tords

Amendments to Hoeflborpe and Mumby Inclosure Bill. agieed to*

IfKp Inclosure Bill» paiitd.

Bill to rmtend EngJilh Armjr A&, reported*

418 14° Julil1S04.

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and. upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next,

The Lord* hav#agreed to

Billrespecting

Hackney

Coaches.

Irish Malt, kc. Bill.

Bill Tor heiter preserving the Peace in Ireland.

Brington Inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have passed

Bill to amend Paddington Ekate A&

Brcuquens* Nat. Bill.

Vcxhtner's Nat. Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches, who have omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in the twenty-fifth year of His present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirrrting the provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland; without any Amendment; And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until seven years after the parting thereof, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better execution of the Law, and preservation of " the Peace, within Counties at large;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enab.ing the Lord Bishop of London " to grant a Lealc, with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of for the purports of building upon and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purposes of the said Act; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de de Bronqtiens, an

Infant; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Veichtner; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for p.»d<iington altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the read. ’ 35th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, . "An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant " a'Lease, with po wers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish " of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the pur-

" pose of building upon," and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purposer, of the said Act, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bntia. ing of the ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and , -

amending, several Laws relating to the more effectual en- (f -couragement of the British Fisheries, and to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man; to the improving the Revenue thereof; and the more elfedtual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The faicj Bill Was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bilido pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing, several Laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, and to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the IJlc of Man-, to the improving the Revenue thereof; and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Onk ing of the ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act of ra,: A' the tithyclii of 11 is present' Majesty, for encouraging the jUw.}^ Manufacture o( Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for further continuing, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Older of the day, for. the third read- Bill rcIVfti"* ing of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the appointment of Commnr:on-Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last progeny Act, Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contri- paired, bution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander,according to Order, reported from stamp D-Au

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Ki:,< repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for ma-naging the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, i

and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House;-and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be' taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Brouq \icns' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for NrrulBl11’ naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de aa

rfl ' Infant, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Veich trier’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Nat. Sill, naturalizing; John Frederick Veichtner. was read the first md.

tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Woolwich the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cinrhu* making Compensation to the Proprietors cf certain Lands j^nds jjdi and Hereditaments situate at Wookvich and Charlie:, in reported. the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance or three several Acts of Parliament, made in the 4?.d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they

had

44 Geo. III. 14° Jidil ,419

had directed him to report to the House; dnd he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: AT. ere the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon ttie Qeeftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Trifli Fie», Sec. The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-

Cotn-niiiion- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the deferred. Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, PerquiOtes, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Louth Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County o in the room

of the Right honourable ’John Foster, who, lince his election for the said County, hath accepted the offices of Chancellor of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland.

Committee on Ordered, That tire Order of the day, for the House to

*&ftd°BiUted re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ucc ‘ * the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain-, and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned, for the fttrvice of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j iaitrucHon, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolve-d itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

■ Ordered, Hut the Report be received upon Monday nex t.

leaving a Funded Debt of £.480,1:72,476; and that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain, (after deducing what have fallen in) w’ns, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities, and for Lives, £.539.979, and, in Long Annuities,£. 1,015,410.

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday'next.

• Air. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill respectlag the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Prorcrty

, . , .; , , . Duty Att,

ooviate certain inconveniences which have been expect- reported.

cnced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court of

Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last

Selhon of Parliament, lor granting a Contribution on the

Profits arising from Property, Protessions, Trades, and

• Offices, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dircCed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of tire day, for the House to re- Committreon solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Irirtl Custom. Bill to make further Regulations for the better Collection Kef rfatYJn and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Bill.

Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hildas the more efi'eCual administration ot Justice, by the ifl'uing Corpus Bill, of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testijicandumin certain cases, Ieii was read the fiilt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

B:l to amend Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Defence Att, tpe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ’ amend certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which reipeC the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his,place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a lccond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

rebate on Muiioii

rrfj*e6t'i.p7 tJ'.e

Public Debt,

&c.

adjourned.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain was, on the id cf February 1803, £. 567,008,978; ol which ^.67,255,9 i 5 had been purchased by the Commissioners, and ^.19,100,587 had been transferred to than on Account of Land Tax redeemed, VOL. 59.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from irifhTreasury the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bills Bill» raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irish rePorted% currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, waa committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read third time upon Monday next.

The House,^ according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeron Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for per- Bill for milting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau, in the Jiland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and We*tInci^ the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in lEips Ports* belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

Mr.

u-

420

14°—16°

A. 1804.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, ■when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

Committee on The House, according to Order, fefolved itfelfintoa Lo^y Loan Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

Voteftf Credit Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill> the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

reps c . enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two millions Five

hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

london Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from

Dock* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Wa!|h0Ufin* warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks reported. made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet " Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater " accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, " and Revenue, within the Port of ,"and to make

Regulations relating to the said Docks, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

.Lunas, 16° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

The Lord* \ MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

have agreed to Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

Staughton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'with an Bl11’ for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the Amendment. County of Huntingdon i with an Amendment; to which

Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uhde’* for naturalizing Bernard Uhde, was read a second time. Nat. Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry commma-Alexander, Sir ’Jacob Henry AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Gerock’* naturalizing Christopher Gerock, was read a second time. ' Nat. Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry comnutte Alexander, Mr. Strutt, Sec.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Cyprian Whillock, of New Brentford, Inn- petition of keeper, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting Cyprian forth. That the Petitioner, on the 6th instant, was committed to Prison, by the Order of the House, upon a discharged. charge of prevarication in his Evidence before the Committee of the House fitting to. decide upon the election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Middlesex; and that he humbly implores the forgivenels of the House for the said offence, and hopes that the House will impute his crime to ignorance and the embarrassment of his mind, and not to any premeditated design taimpose upon, mislead, or treat with difrespect, the said Committee; and that the Petitioner’s business and concerns are very much injured by his absence from home, and without he is speedily permitted to return thither, he must be utterly ruined: And therefore praying. That the House will accept his most humble submission, and this declaration of his sincere and unfeigned contrition, and be pleased to order -his discharge, on payment of his fees.

Ordered That the said Cyprian IVhillock be brought to j

the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday next, in order to j

his being discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee* relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tighe,» the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Dlvorce 1 dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tighe, Esquire, with Eft her

Tighe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined a witness, for the said Bill; and that no counsel or party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further i

of the said Bill. j

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Woolwich reading of the ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to ordnance the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate Lands bTu, at Woolwich zndJCharlton, in the County of Kent, purchased

in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the 42d and 43d years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

4

Bill respecting Property Duty Act, paled.

Xote of Credit Bill, passed.

Account of Silver imported into the Mint, presented.

Appendix.

(No. 70.)

Lords Amend ment to Staughton Inclofure Ball, agreed to*

Con soli dated Fund Bill, reported.

44 Geo. III. 16°jfutiit 1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed BiH to obviate certain inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-sessions, Trades, and Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly }

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to obviate certain inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to rffife the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morrison, from His Majesty’s Mint Office, in the Tower of London, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Silver Bullion imported into His Majesty’* Mint, and the Amount of Silver Monies coined from the 18th day of March 1797 to the 31ft day of December 1803; specifying the dates when the Bullion was received.

And then he withdrew 5. and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz. '

Pr. 1. I.21. Leave out " the Great," and insert " certain."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feverafly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,-bs ingrossed.

Vbt. 59.

Ordered, That the said feili be read ihe third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill for the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau, weft India in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and Pons, the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama IJiands, in Ships reported* belonging to the inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballast, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hirp to report to the House ;• and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. r

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the tljird time Tommorrow.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,-An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and. apprehending bringing to trial, Offenders eftaping from.one part of the offenders,

V nited Kingdom to the other, and also from one County agne t0" to another.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-' loweth; viz.:

Pr. 7. 1. 1. Leave out from " any," to " within,"-in line 2. and insert " of the Judges " of His Majesty’s Court of King’s-" Bench, or any Justice of Oyer and " Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any " Justice or Justices of the Peace, or ... - -" other person having authority to " issue the fame."

I.32: After " them," insert * by the most " direct way;’* and in the fame line,;

" leave out from " into," to" Ireland?’;, in line 33.

1.33. Leave out from " to " and/*

- inPrefe 8. line 7.

Pr. 8. 1. 8. Leave out " such," and insert " the ;" and in the fame line, after " County," insert " in. Ireland, living near the place, and in the County where he,

* (be, or they, shall arrive and land."

I.24. After "any," insert "of the Judges of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any."

After " respectively," insert, " or other " person having Authority to issue " the fame within England or Scotland " respectively."

After " them," insert " by the most * direct way;" and in the fame line, leave out from " into," to " ,"

in line 19.

Leave out from " respectively," to " and, " in line 37.

Leave out " such," and insert " the."

After " Stewartry," insert " in England or Scotland respectively, living " near the place, and in the County * where he, she, or they, shall arrive * and land."

8.1 Leave out from " aforesaid," to to," in line 10.

Leave out " and."

After " Scotland," insert * and Ireland."

Leave out from " happens," to " that," in line 11.

Leave out " part" and insert " of " the parts;" and in the same line, after " the" insert " United."

£ P Pr. 11,

Pr. 8. 1.28

Pr. 9. 1.17

1.20.

1.3*.

1«39*

Pr. 10. 1.

Sc 9.I

1.10.

1.11. Pr. 11. 1.10.

1.15.

422

16"

yulii.

A. 1804

Pr. ilk 1.16.

I.17. 1. 20.

1. 27.

L 28.

I.29.

1-34*

Pn 12. 1.24.

1. 6. I.28. I.31.

lr<

Leave out * some other,’* and insert " another."

After " the" insert said United." Leave out " have been," and insert " may be."

Leave out " there."

After " committed,’* insert * in

Ghapel of Vcylas, In the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, Sir William Elford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, and

part of the said United Kingdom." proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow, After " Enabled," insert " and Declared "

Leave out " part," arid insert * one * of the parts;" and also in the fame line, after " the" insert said."

Leave out " part,*’ and insert " one of " the parts."

Leave out " Money.*

Leave out " Money."

Leave out * Money."

Leave out " Money,’

Trish Custotnt ind Excise ‘Regulation Bill, reported#

37-

The ten first of the said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The three next of the said Amendments being severally fead a second time j

Add it appearing that the said Amendments were, for the purpose of carrying into effect the intention of this House, as manifested by the preceding Clauses, and by the context of this Clause;

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the reftdue of the said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make further Regulations for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Custom* and Excise

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of writs of Habeas Corpus ad teJUficandum, in certain cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur-t er consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5 th of January 1803, from the Receivers General of Land and Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, lb far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Receivers, the names of such Receivers, and for what places they are or were Receivers; the sums originally due, and when; and the Amount and dates of the Payments which

Conmxrtet to (It To-morrow#

Habeas Corpus B2^ committed#

Further Cotfe fuieration of Report on East India Accounts, deferred#

Arrears and Balances (Land and

AfTclTed

Taxes)

pretented*

in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, was com- fc^e been made in discharge thereof.

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and render more

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

Bill to amend Enj»Ufh Army Ad, passed.

grafted.

Ordered, That the said

Bill be read the third time To-

morrow.

Eighth Report of Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the City of London, be now read door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Eighth Report of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners " to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds,

" or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein

intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a " permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the " Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s " Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England," so far as the fame relates to the

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill w'is read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces,

mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and " and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for so far as the fame relates to the City of London.

* preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and " for the better conducting and managing the business " of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in " future."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

to

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great

Report cm Stamp Du tie# Bill, further xzoalidered.

Ihe laid Report is preferred amongst: the other Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu

Papers of this Session.

▼ovka Chape] * An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for alablinS the Officiating Minister for the time being of the

thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

5 And

44 Geo. Ill* 169 jutiL 423

And the Amendments, made by the Committee* to the Laid Bill, as far as Clause (A.), being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them* agreed to by the House.

Clause (A.) the next Amendment made by the Gom* v mittee to the said Bill, being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto* by inserting, after the word " Court," the words " and other " persons who shall draw or prepare any Lease or Leases . * of any Lands or Hereditaments, of which, at the time of

* drawing or preparing such Lease or Leases* they shall " actually be employed as Stewards."

And the Question being put, That those words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative,

Then the residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, with several Amendments to one of them* agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* jjrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To* morrow.

London Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read*

Warehousing of ingrossed Bill for warehousing Goods within the ■Biiijjulfcd.8 limits of certain Docks, made under an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Balons, Cuts, and " other Works, for the greater accommodation and feeu-" rity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the * Port of London" and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for warehousing Goods within the limits Of certain Docks, made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other " Works, for the greater accommodation and security of " Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of " London," and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to I the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

[nA Treasury Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

Fish* ing of the ingrafted Bill, for raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

n to amend Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-efence Act, jjig of the ingrossed Bill, to amend certain of the provisions e of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty,

to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm; which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that present Contrafts shall not be affected by the Act.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Vul. 59.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder* for allowing to the Tenant the power of Appeal, in certain cases.

And the said Clable was thrice ffead J and, tipon the Questiofl put thereupon, agreed to by the House* to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder»

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 33* To leave out " shall."

L 35. After " produced" to insert * shall on * their oaths, which oaths, as also "the oaths of such Witnesses, the " said Justices* Deputy Lieutenants,

" or Governors respectively, are here-by empowered and required to ad-" minister."

Pf. 16. 1. 1 i. To leave out " such" and insert any," instead thereof.

1. 12. After " order" to insert " made*"

Pr. 16. 1. 8. After " money" to insert " or any part " of the fame."

1. 13. After " thereof" to insert " or any part " thereof."

1. 29. After " money" to insert " or any part " thereof, and the interest of the " fame, or any part thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to amend certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, 'for the House to tri<hFees,&«, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the deferred. Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland,.be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeo* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit sPin* the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for jjiu.0 charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as mall not be warehoused.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ‘

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committeeon Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, Irg^fev*nu* for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and' for preventing Frauds therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The

424

16°—IT0 Julil A. 1804.

Loyalty Loan Bill, deferred.

Oeroclc*s Nat. Bill reported* and pailed.

Voyla*

Chapel Bill reported, and passed.

TThde’s Nat. Bill reported, and pailed.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, was committed, be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

1*

Martis, 17° die

Anno 44* Georgii 1II"‘ Regis, I 804. Prayers.

MR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the officiating Minister for the time being of the Chapel of Voylas, in the County of , to publish

Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bernard Uhde, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Cor^u. Bill. refo!ve a Committee of the whole House, upon

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad tejiificandum, in certain cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for ing of the ingrossed Bill for permitting the Exportation of Jfx^*from Salt from the Port of Najj'au, in tire Island of New Wctt India

dence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballad, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thatthe Title be.

An Act for permitting, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging, to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ball aft.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to 1

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to co'^d' * consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- and reported; tituled. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tig he,

Esquire, with EJlher Tig he, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ormsby took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

- Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had further heard counsel, for the said Bill; and that bo counsel, or

party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. PafloL

Ordered, That Mr. Ormsby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the;

lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Tte Lor<b Popham: WaSreed"

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Civil list Bill, for the better support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill to permit permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free Letters, &c. from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master Poll-lse* General, and the Barrack Master General, to authorize persons in their offices to fend Letters free from the said Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. irish Bank to permit the issue and negociation of certain Promissory Notes Notes, undera limited sum, by registered Bankers\n Ireland, and to restrain the issue and negociation of certain other Notes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have -agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Poultry for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove Compter Biq, the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said City; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lincoln for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands in n’Cj !ur'iji the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Pariftics or Townships of Boult ham, Sheliingthorpe,

North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Hat how in the County of Lincoln; and for ineloling Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Southwark Paving Bill,

with

Amendment*.

Committee on Irish Fees, &c. CominilTiOii-

cn» Bill.

Special Report from Middlesex Election Committee, further considered.

Resolutioni

thereupon.

Trish Revenue Bill, reported.

Irirti Spirit* Warehousing Bill, reported*

44 Geo. III. 17° Julii. 425

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in die sixth year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exill in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, c Hefting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it.elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of MiddleJ'ex, respecting the conduct of the Sheriff of the said County, at the said Election.

And the said Report was again read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That it is too late to proceed to take the said Report into further consideration in this Session of Parliament.

* Resolved ', Neniine Contradicente, That it will be highly expedient, that the House do proceed to take the fame into consideration as early as possible in the next Session of Parliament.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland, for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Voi>. 59.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading irith Custom* of the ingrossed Bill to make further Regulations for the Nation better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue Bill, of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing deferred. Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this pre- Billtoexplain sent Session of Parliament, to consolidate and amend the Volunteer provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeo- A^»orderc manry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain the said Act, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers: And that Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Bourne, M r. Hufkiffon, and Mr. Henry , do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Stamp Dutie* ing of the ingrossed Bill to repeal the several Duties under Bill, paired, the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting Commissions to Officers of Volunteer Corps from the payment of Duty.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 38. To leave out " to."

Pr. 44. 1. 3. In first column, to leave out ",£.4." and insert "£.3." inllead thereof.

Pr.48. I. II. After " annum," to insert " Policy of " Assurance or Insurance; and any " writing commonly so called, for " insuring any events or contingen-" cies relative to a Life or Lives."

Pr. 61. 1. 28. To leave out from the beginning of the line, to the end of 1. 18. in Prels 62.

Pr. 115. 1. 7. In first and second columns, to leave out "00 3" and insert "00 z\" instead thefeof.

1. 11. In first and second columns, to leave out "00 4," and insert o o 35," in-" stead thereof.

1. 16. In first and second columns, to leave out "00 5," and insert "00 4," instead thereof.

1. 20. In first and second columns, to leave out "00 6," and insert "00 5," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question (e-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the 'fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Billtoexpiain ing to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, of the present Sef- V°A^'eer fion of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the presented.

5 Q provisions

Committed.

Loyalty Loan Bill, Reported.

Debate on Motion respecting the Public Debt, &c. further adjourned.

Returns of Qualifications of Militia Officers, presented.

Account of Captains Com mi (Cons in the Mili tit, pmeiented.

Account of Arrears and Balances ( Ext Lfc) prciented.

426 17°—18° Julii. 1804

provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great , so far as respects

the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Otdered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for reluming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, made upon Saturday last, respecting the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Thursday next.

Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to the

directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those last presented to this House.

Together with a List; and the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table;

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hufkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to H is Majesty,

An Account, so far as the fame has been received, of the number of Captains Commissions which have been granted in the Militia in Great Britain to Persons not shewing qualifications as required by Act 42 Geo. IIL cap. 90.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. HuJliJJon presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1803 from the Officers cl Excise in England, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and for what collections, and in what capacity they are or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,; and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 18* Julii;

Anno 44° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Veichtner, was read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de de Brouquens,

an infant, was read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 6th year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the lame; and also, the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and pillages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the lame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fbl-loweth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 12. After " Expences of," insert " paving." Pr. 7. 1. 5. Leave out " least," and insert " most." The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the 35th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord Billiop of London " to grant a Lease, with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of " for the purpose of building upon;" and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purposes of the said Act, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting additional Annuities to tire Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the tl.irty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty.

3 Ordered,

ConfoTuUml Fund Bill, deferred*

Veichtner*# t Nat. Bill, committed*

Bronqueift Nat. Bill, committed*

Lord* Amendment* to Southwark Paving Bill, agreed to.

Bill to amend Paddington Estate Act, committed.

Committee to fit Tommorrow.

Loyalty Loan Bill, passed*

44 Geo. III. 18° Julit.

427

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and delire their concurrence.

!cnfolidated Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

l"edBiU* *nS ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majestya certain sum of Money our of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain •, and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, be-now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 34. After " Land," to insert " and that the " said sum he issued and paid without " any fee or other deduction what-" loever."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do puss: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money, out or the Consolidated Fund of;

and for applyinga certain sum of Money therein menti 'ned, for the service of Great , for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, and for further a; p opiiaung the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bill to explain resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 7rr the Bill to explain an Act, of the present Seffi.m of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the p ovfions of the several Acts relating 10 Corps ot \ eomanry a.id Volunteers in Great Britain, lb far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the lame to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingroifed.

Habeas Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from

Corpus Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingroifed report Bill from t|ie [_orcjs> intituled, An Act for the more ef-

feftual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum, in certain cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

At the end of the Bill, add Clause (A.)

Clausb (A.) And be it further Enabled, That every Justice of Great Sessions in Wales " and in the County Palatine of Chester, " shall have the like Authority within " the limits of his jurisdiction."

And in the Title,

1. 4. After " Justice," insert " in those parts " of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England " and ."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

irift Fees See. Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Commission- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ers Bill, Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or

reported.

have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Cyprian Whillock was, according to Order, brought to the Cyp-ian Bar; where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; ^,"lIlloe^ and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying e

his Fees- discharged.

The Reprimand was as fulloweth; viz.

Cyprian IVhillock,

A Select Committee of this House. appointed to try and determine the merits of the Middlesex Election, has reported. That you, being called as a Witr.els before the said Committee, were guilty of gross pievarication j for ■which offence they committed you to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and this House did further commit you to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate.

The matter under examination by the Committee, when you were called upon to giv»c evidence, was the Charge of Treating; a practice which, according to the language of the Law, is " in violation of the freedom due to the " tlcftion of the Reprefer.tatuvs for the Commons, to the w great scandal of the Kingdom, ddhom.mable and de-" strublive to the Conflituti n of Parli cnenis."

Your occupation in life, and vom relidence at the time of the election, qualified yoj to'have guen important testimony upon this Chuige; the points to which you were interrogated were such as mu!i have fallen within your own knowledge; and yet, in so plain a matter, rcgaullefs of the reverence due to the Authority of this Home, and reg.ard-less also of the h.lemnity of the oath which you had taken, you appear to have incurred the heavy guilt of wiifudy prevaricating before God and y >ur Countiy.

For this your offence you l ave tnoft justly suffered disgrace and imprisonment: but this House, tonfiJering 'he ' penitence you have since expteffed, and hoping alto, that the example of your punishment may fulHciently enl'ure a better execution of the Writ issued for a new election, has ordered that you be now discharged r And you are discharged accordingly, paying your Fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Cyprian Whillock, be entered in the Journal of this House.

An ingrossed Bill to explain an Act, of the prclent Bill to explain Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of ’ p‘l L * Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for monies received by Volunteer Officers, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to explain an Act; of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers.

Ordered, That Mr HenryAlexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time irish Revenue to be limited, several Acts for the better Collection and Bill> deferred. Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing.Frauds therein, be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered,

Irish Spirits W arehoulinir Sill, deterred.

Irish Customs and Excise Regulation Bill, deferred.

Veichtner'1* Nat. Bi 1 reported, and passed.

Browjuens*

Nat Bill reported, and p^iTed,

4

Statement

relative to Redemption, of Land Tax, presented.

Letters, See* respecting Boards ot Customs and Excif: in Ireland, pr* fe n ted*

428 18"—19° A. 1804.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to permit the ware-housing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumption, and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused, be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make further Regulations for the better Collection and Security ot His Ala jesty's Revenue ot Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morningr, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 19° die;

Anno 44.0 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804. Prayers.

SI R John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JcJeph Charles Leon de de Erou-

qnens, an Infant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House j without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Fowler, from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Statement of the Amount of Expences incurred for the payment of Salaries to the Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers, under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for discharging the incidental Expences attending the execution of those Acts, from the 5th of April 1803 (the period to which the last Statement was made up) to the 5th of April 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of the Letters lent from the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to the Boards of Excise and Customs in the year 1801, reipecting Arrears of Duties transferred to the lniolvent Lift, respecting the Recovery of Surcharges on Excise Duties, and respecting the Taxes on Hearths, Carriages, Servants, and YVindows, not being collected in due time: And also,

A copy of the Letters in the year 1802, sent from the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to the Board of Excise and Customs, directing them to enforce Payments

of Balances of dismissed and deceased Collectors, to oblige the Solicitors of the Board to exert themselves for the Recovery of the fame, and to report what State their Proceedings were in at the end of the thenlaft Law Term: And also,

A Report of the Solicitor of Excise on the Proceedings for Recovery of the Balances due by the dismissed and deceased Collectors: And also,

A Report of the Solicitor of Customs on the Proceedings for the Recovery of the Balances due by the dismissed and deceased Collectors.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum, in certain cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill -was read the third time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with iome Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the 35th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London " to grant a Lease, with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the county of,

" for the purpose of building upon and for granting further Powers, the better to carry into execution the purposes of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Rejo'ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them,that this House hath agreed to. the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the Reduced Officers of the Land Forces on the Half-pay Establishment in Great Britain; distinguishing their several Ranks, and specifying those who are upon the Staff, and those who are unemployed, and fit for Service.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any abul'es which may exist in the lame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing, until the first day of August one thou kind eight hundred and five, Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public

Offices

Habeas " Corpus Bill passed, with ’ Amendments,

1

1

1

Bill to amend Paddington Estate Act reported, and passed*

Lilt of Officers on Half Pay, presented.

Irish Fees, Sic« Comini liioners Bill, passed.

44 G i:o. III.

19° Julii.

429

Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the lame, and into the present inode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

» A

The House proceeded, to take into consideration the Conjuration. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Lors!*

An Act for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great mcn‘men Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and, the Bounties

put off for 3 month*.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and

Lords r agreed to

? of Credit Bill.

jtteries Bill.

[ resprfting J>;rnr.iifion-;under jtopcity Act.

j] respecUng

\:pt rty §a:y /Ut.

Oak Bark Bid.

Fifties, &c. Bill.

Bill respecting Cotton M.tnufa6ture.

St. Martin’s Burial Ground Bill.

I n ip

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Meffjge from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the ules and purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to. the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to. be raised by Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,.. An Act for regulating the appointment of Commissioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Session of •Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, ProfefTions, Trades^ and Offices; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution ot an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; without any Amendment: And also.

The, Lords have agreed to. the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the twelfth year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain rate; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing, several Laws relating to the more ctFeftual encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, and to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the ljle of Man-, to the improving the Revenue thereof; and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling " Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen " engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in that part of " Great Britain called England;" without any Amendment: Ar.d also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chape! thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also a House for the residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the dead; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Bounties on Corn imported into, and exported from,

And the said Amendments were once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. Pr. c.

1. 32. 1 35*

1. 5.

& 6.

1.

t)

i:}

5-6.

1. 8.

1. 11.

1. 14.

After " and, ", insert " in the whole;*’. Leave out from " force," to " in," in line 37. •‘

In Schedule (A.) '

Leave out " &c.and in line 6. after " Biscuit," insert " &c." ' ‘

< In Schedule (C.)

Leave out " &c. /. and in line 6. after " Biscuit," insert ■* &c."

Leave out the whole of the line. •:

Leave out the whole of the line. •: -Leave out the whole of the line. •'

In Schedule (D.)

Leave out the whole of the line;

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whcie of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out in column five, the figure " 1," in " 141."

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out the whole of the line.

Leave out in the first column, " or 7 " Irish," and in the second column " or i6r. 3</. ."

Leave out in the first column *f is. 7 " D®and in the second column " 10 d. D°."

Leave out in the first column " 2 d. D°i" and in the second column " 2 D®"

Leave out in the first column " or 7 " Irish-f and in the second colum 16 j. 3d. D®." Leave out in the first column " 1 7

" D*;" and in the second column " 10 d.D" "

Leave out in the first column " 1 d.

" D®;" and in the second column " zd. D®.’’

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the further consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day three months.

Ordered, That the several Reports, made from Commit- Reports

I. 10.

1. 13. 1. 16. 1. 19. 1. 22. 1. 2 c. 1. 28. 1- 33-34-

1. 36.

1- 39-I. 42.

1- 45* , 1. 48.

1-51-1. 57.

1. 58.

!• 59-1. 61.

1. 62.

1. 63.

inaumre Bui. for jnc;0|ing Lands in the Parish of ljlip, in the County of tecs of this House, in the present Session of Parliament, re- corncrake*

to be

Woolwich, U. <»rilnance L:il*s Bill, with an Au.auiiiient.

£:i! for the

Lviii TiuJe, with

Amjiuliuents.

Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The L.oflds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Atfl for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments lituate at Woolveith and in the County of Kenl, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulat ing the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain, and the Duties and Bounties

on Corn imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords tlefire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mctiengers withdrew.

VOL.59.

pefting the Com Trade, be referred to the confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself

conddered.

into a Committee of the whole Housei to consider said Reports.

of the

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- info Revenue ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be li- Bill' Paffe4 mited, several Acts for the better Col left ion and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, *

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth clay ot September one thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein-

5 R,

436

19°—20° Julii.

A. 1804.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

irish Spirit* ' Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Jftg Qf the ingrossed Bill to permit the warehousing of i , paiied. §p|rjts |n Ireland, for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the lame when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. it. 1. 22. To leave out " (even," and insert * nine" instead thereof; and after " farthings," to insert " Ir'tjh money."

- And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act. to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of . Spirits in Ireland, for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumption j and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

irish Cullom* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Regularion *n6 the ingrossed Bill to make further Regulations for Bin, paired, the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in , and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Debate on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the Motion adjourned Debate upon the Motion, made upon Saturday Public"itebt,* last, respecting the Total Amount of the Public Funded Sic. further Debt of Great Britain, be now read, adjourned. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Saturday next.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-relating to the count, shewing the Eftiniated and Actual Revenues and Company Charges in India, with the results, for ten years, from

ordered/’ 1793-4 to 1802-3, after deducting Payments on account of interest on Debts, and Supply to Bencoolen, &c. exhibiting likewise the Decrease or the Increase of the Debts; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of Profit and Loss on the Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for ten years, ending ift March 1804, with other Payments in deducted

therefrom-; distinguishing each year; and distinguishing, as far as may be, such Charges as are of a political from those that are of a commercial nature; and also distinguishing the India from the Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Company’s Debts and Assets Abroad and at Home, including China, the former from April 1793 to April 1803, and the latter from March 1794 to March 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing each year.

And the sixteen first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question (e-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The seventeenth Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the end thereof, the words " Notwithstanding " the Debt in the year ending the 30th April 1802, * amounted only to Nineteen Crore Ninety-six Lacs fifty-" seven thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four current " Rupees, and it appears, by the foregoing Resolutions " that the Revenues at Bengal, Madras, and,

" amounted in the year 1802-3, to Fourteen Crore Nine " Lacs and Fifty-one thousand current Rupees, and the " Charges during the fame period to Eleven Crore Sixty-" nine Lacs Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and " Sixty current Rupees, leaving a surplus of Two Crore " Forty Lacs eleven thousand Four hundred and Forty " current Rupees."

Arid the Question being put. That those words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

to Bills.

Report or*

Kali India Company*

Revenue

Accounts,

further

considered.

'The other Order of the day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues of the £<9? India Company.

Veneris, 20° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman U liter of the Royal a treat Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of IValts, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Rofslyn, and the Lord Watfingham,named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the better Support of His Majesty’s House-hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and fotpreventing accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s office, in the Court of Chancery, in the execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices:

An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commis-11 lioners

44 Geo. III. 20° fulii. 43l

sioners to act in the execution of an Act of the last Session An Act for ehabling the officiating Minister for ttie time of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution being of the Chapel of ,in the County of on the Profits aiifing from Property, Professions, Trades, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said and Offices: Chapel:

An Act for confirming the provisions of an Act, made in An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament;

Ireland in the thirty-iecond year of His present Majesty, so passed in the thirty-fifth year of the Reign of His present far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland '-,. Majesty, intituled, *An Act for enabling the Lord tiishop and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant * of London to grant a Lease, with powers of renewal, of and Council of Ireland., by an Act of this present Session of " Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Parliament, prohibiting the use of Oats and Oatmeal in " Middlesex, for the purpose of building upon;" and for the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland:granting further powers, the better to Carry into execution

An Act to continue, until (even years after the passing the purposes of the said Act: , thereof, and from thence to the end of the next Session of An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paririi of Brington, in Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the County of Huntingdon:

the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, intituled, .An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish Of Great " An Act for the better execution of the Law, and pre- Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon:

" servation of the Peace, within Counties at large :" An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of

An Act to permit the Issue and Negociation of certain and M cum , in the County of Lincoln: PromiflforyNotes, under a limited sum,byregistered Bankers An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IJlip, in the in Ireland, and to restrain the Issue and Negociation of County of

certain other Notes: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tighe, Esquire*

An Act for explainingand amending several Acts relating with Eft her Tighe, his now wile, and to enable him to to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches; and for marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches, who have An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock: omitted to take out Licences pursuant to an Act, made in An Act for naturalizing Bernard: the twenty-fifth year of His present Majesty: An Act for naturalizing John Frederick

An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and An Act for naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de Rouble de bringing to trial. Offenders escaping from one part of the Brouquens, an Infant United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County

to another: A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr; The Lord*

An Act to permit certain persons in the Office of Ord- Popham: have agreed w

nance, and the Quarter Master General, to fend and re- Mr. Speaker,

ceive Letters free from the Duty of Portage; and to enable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act irUhTreasury the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quar- raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irtfh ter Master General, and the Barrack Master General, to currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for authorize persons in their offices to fend Letters free from the year one thousand eight hundred and four; without the said Duty: any Amendment: And also.

An Act for further continuing, for seven years, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill toamtnd from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parlia- amend certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the Defence Act. ment, an Act, made in the twelfth year of His present forty-third year of His present Majesty,' to enable His Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by Majesty to provide for the Dfefence ana Security of the lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Realm, which respect the purchase of Lands and Heredlta-

Bark, when the price of such Bark shall exceed a certain ments for the Public Service; without any Amendment:

rate: And also.

An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amea<f several Laws relating to the more effectual encouragement to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed EapfcArmjr of the British Fisheries, until the fifth day of April one in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act thousand eight hundred and six, and to the encourage- " for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional ment of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; " Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for to the improving the Revenue thereof; and the more ef- * augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the feftual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said * gradual Reduction of the Militia of England? fofaras Island, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight the fame relates to the City of London; without any hundred and five: Amendment: And also.

An Act to amend 4an Act, passed in the thirty- ninth The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by AmendMett* and fortieth years of His present Majesty, intituled, " An this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more corpuTlKlI.

" Act for settling Difpures that may arise between Mailers effectual Administration of Justice, by the issuing of Writs " and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, in of Habeas Corpus ad , in certain cases; without

*‘ that part of Great Britain called Englandany Amendment.

An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London And then the Messengers withdrew, to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter

to another place of confinement in the said City: The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lo^*

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,- ^Iwich, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint An Act for making compensation to the Proprietors of &c. Ordnanc* Elartin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also, certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Woolwich and a House for the residence of a Clergyman to officiate in Charlton, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of *sree burying the dead: three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty* sixth year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets for promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow*-parti adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, eth; viz.

lighting, and watching the lame; and also, the Courts, Pr. 4. 1. 9. Leave out " instant," and insert " last;"

Yards, Alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for The said Amendment being read a second time;

preventing annoyances therein, lo far as the fame relates to And it appearing that the said Amendment was for the the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned: purpose of altering the description of a date, so as to make

An Act; for embanking, draining, and improving, cer- it conformable to the date originally mentioned in the tain Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and Bill, when in this House; but which description* by reason in the Parishes or Townships of Boult ham, Skcllingt horpe,of the time which had since elapsed during the further Saxelby, Broxholmc, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, progress of the Bill, was no longer accurate; and Hathow, in the County of Lincoln-, and for inclosing The said Amendment was, upon the Question put Linds in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe: thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Yol. 59. Ordered,

432 20"—21"-

OrderedThat M.r. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord ships.

, The Order of the day being read;

Committee oa The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole respefHnz the House, to consider of the several Reports made from Com-Com Trade, mittees of this House, in the present Session of Parliament, respecting the Corn Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, direct hey had come to several Resolutions; which they had ceive ec* him to rePort> when the House will please to re-Qr the fame.

dered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 21°

Anno 44° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

House r | 'HE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, adjourned. JL it appeared that forty Members were not present; yet it being Four of the clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that forty Members were not present, Mr- Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, die

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

The Lord* A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

have agreed to f\ Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

Stamp Duties The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to explain The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Volunteer to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament,

-23° Julii. A. 1804.

for consolidating and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, lo far as respects the accounting for monies received by Volunteer Officers; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Loyalty Loa« for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of hill.

Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nnifor for permitting, until the first day of August one thousand Exportation eight hundred and seven, the Exportation ot Salt from weii'indu* the Port of Najfan, in the Island of New Providence, the Ports.

Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama {(lands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballast; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report from whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Committee on several Reports made from Committees of this House, in respecting the the present Session of Parliament, respecting the Corn CornTrade. Trade, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read j and are as* followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that so much of an Act of the thirty-first year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the Prices at which British Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, may be exported, except to Ireland, and Foreign Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, imported, except from Ireland; and also the Duties and Bounties payable thereon, be repealed, except any Duty payable on any Foreign Corn or Grain, in respect of the warehousing thereof.

Rofolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Importation of Cprn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, be regulated by the Average Price of Corn,

Grain, and Oatmeal, in the whole of the twelve Maritime Distrids in England and Wales, and in the whole of the four Maritime Distrids in Scotland-, and that the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, be regulated by the Average Price of Corn and Grain in the whole of the said Distrids in England and Wales, and in Scotland, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Bounties herein after mentioned be allowed on all Corn, Grain, Malt, and Flour, exported from Great Britain; that is to say,

When Exported Wheat. Rye. Pease and Beans. > Barley, Beer or Bigg, or Malt made of Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats. Wheat Flour, Biscuit, &c. < Wheat Meal. Rye' Meal, or Flour. Barky, Beer or Bigg Meal.

to any Foreign Country, ' Exportable withoutBounty till at or under - >

If at* or under - per quarter Bounty - - - r. d. 48. 0. - /. d. - 5. 0. s. d. 32. 0. - s. d. - 3. 0. s. d. 35. 0. s. d. 28. 0. s. d. 2. 6. *. d. 16. 0. s. d. - 2. 0. \ s. d perewt. 1. 6. s. d. per cwt. 1. 3. s. d. per cwt. 0. 9. s. d. perewt. 0. 10.

If above ----- No Export allowable. 54- 0. - 35. c?. - 33. 0. 31. 0. - 19. 0. -

Oatmeal.

Resolved,

J

44 Geo. Ill, 23' Julil 433

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That on all Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into Great the respective Duties herein after mentioned be charged that is to say.

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under - - - per quarter

High Duty - - D° -

If at, or above - per quarter but under - - - - D° -

First Low Duty

If at, ot above - per quarter Second Low Duty - -

Wheii Imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under per quarter

High Duty ——

If at, or above - per quarter but under - - - - D° -

First Low Duty -

If at, or above - per quarter Second Low Duty - -

Wheat.

s. d.

53-

s. d.

...... 24- 3*

Rye, Pease, or Beans.

s. d.

35*

s. d.

22. O.

53- o 56. o

2. 6.

56. o

o. 6.

s.

63. o.

5. d. 24. 3.

62. O

66. o

2. 6.

66. o

o. 6.

Importation of Wheat Meal and Flour to be governed as follows: \

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations In North America,

s. d.

6. 6.

1. 6.

o. 2.

High Duty, per cwt. First Low Duty -Second D° -

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

d.

High Duty - - - 6. 6.

First Low D° - - i. 6.

Second D° - - - i. o.

Malt made of Wheat—Prohibited

35* o

37- o

i. 6.

37- o

o. 3-

s.

42. o

s. d, 22. o.

42. o 44. o

1. 6.

44- 0 ......

- - - - - o. 3.

Rye (Ground, or Malt made of Rye; Pease ground, and Beans ground—Prohibited.

Barley, Beer or Bigg.

9. d. 26. o.

s. d. 22. o.

26. o. 28. o.

1.3.

28. o.

o. 3.

s. d.

31. 6.

s. d. 22. o.

31. 6. 33. o.

1. 3.

33- o.

o. 3.

Oats.

s. 17-

17-

18.

s. d.

6. 7.

1. o.

18. —

O. 2.

21. —

d.

6. 7.

21.

22.

1. o.

22. —

O. 2.

Importation of Indian Corn or

Maize to be governed by the

Price of Bailey, as follows:

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

8. d.

High Duty - pT qr 22. o.

First Low D# - - 1. 3.

Second D° - - - o. 3.

When Imported from any other Foreign Country,

5. d.

High Duty - prqr 22. o.

First Low D° - - t. 3.

Second D° - - - o. 3.

Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg—Prohibited.

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under - per boll of 140 lbs. avoirdupois, or f 128 lbs. Scotch ( Troy - - - 3 for every boll,

High Duty ——

If at, or above - - per boll but under - - - - D°

First Low Duty - - -If at, or above - - per boll

Second Low Duty -

When Imported from any other Foreign Country:

If under - - - - per boll

High Duty ——

Oatmeal.

s. <7.

16. 6.

s, (L

- - 8. o.

16. 6.

17. 4.

- - 1. o.

17. 4.

- - O. 2.

If at, or above - - per boll but tinder - - - - D°

First Low Duty -

If at, or above - - per boll Second Low Duty - -

Malt made' of Oats

Prohibited.

s.

20. o.

s. d.

8. o.

20. o.

21. O.

21. O.

O. 6-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Average Prices of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall be under the Prices at which the fame may be imported into Great Britain from Foreign parts on the second Low Duties specified in the Schedules, the Exportation of Corn and Grain of British growth, or Meal or Flour made thereof, should be permitted from Great Britain to Ireland; and whenever the Average Prices of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall be under the Prices at which the fame

may be imported into Ireland from Foreign parts on the second Low Duties specified in the Schedules, the Exportation of Corn and Grain of growth, or Meal or Flour made thereof, should be permitted from Ireland to Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Bounties herein after mentioned be allowed on all Corn, Grain, Malt, and Flour, exported from Ireland; that is to lay.

When exported to an/ Foreign Country, Wheat. I Rye. Pease and Beans. Barley, Beer or Bigg, or Malt made of Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats. Wheat Flour, Biscuit, &c. V Wheat Meal. Rye Meal or Flour. Barley, Beer or Bigg Flour. Oatmeal.

If at or under - per Barrel British *. d. 29. 5. - - 1. d. s. d. 20. 4. - -s. d. 6*. d. 20. 4. - - d. s. d. 16. 0. - -8. d- s, d. 10. 3. - - S. (1. r. (1. X. d. 8. d. 8. d. s. d.

Bounty - - British - - 3. 0. - - 1. 10. - - I. 10 - - 1. S. - - 1. 3. per cwt. 1.6. per cwt. 1.3. per cwt. 0. 9. per cwt. 0.10. per cwt. 1 0.

If above - - per Barrel British No Export allowable. 1 1 rn 22. 3. - - 22. 3. - - 17. 8. - - 12. 3. - -

Vol. 59. 5 S ...

434

23°—24° Jutii. 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into Ireland; that is the respective Duties herein after mentioned be charged on to say.

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North Wheat. Rye, Pease, and Beans. Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats. — —u Oatmeal.

s. d. s. d. s, d, s. d. s. d, s. d. s. d. s. d. d.

America,

If under - - per barrel British 1 1 1 22. 3. - - - i4. 9. - . - 10. 11. - - - If under per cwt. of i i2lbs. Avoirdupois British *3 2

High Duty - - - British - - - 14. 10. - - - 14. 0. - - - 12. 6. - - - 4. 2. High Duty for every cwt. British 8 0

If at, or above - ditto British 3 2. 7® - - - 22. 3. - - - 14. 9. - - 10. 1 r. - - _ If at, or above, per cwt. - British 13 z

but under - - - ditto British 34.4. - - - 23. 6. - - - 16. 0. - - - 11. 7. - - - But under - per cwt. - - British >3 10

First Low Duty - - British - - - 1. 6. - - - 0. 11. - - - 0. 8. - - - 0. 7® First Low Duty, per cwt. - British 1 0

If at, or above - - ditto British 34. 4 * - - 23. 6. - - - 16. O. - II. 7. - - - If at, or above, per cwt. - - British l3 IO

Second Low Duty - British - - - 0. 3. - - - 0. r. - - - 0. 1. - - - 0. 1. Second Low Duty, psr cwt. - - British 0 z

When Imported from any other

Foreign Country,

If under - - per barrel British 38. 8. - - - 26. 8 - . - 18. 0. - - - 13. 6. - If under - - - per cwt. British 16 a

High Duty - - - British - - - 14. IO. - - 14. 0. - - - 12. 6. - - - 4. 2. High Duty - * to British 8 0

If at, or above - - ditto British 38. 8. - - - 26. 8 - - 18. 0. '• - _ 13. 6 «. If at, or above - 4 British 16 to

but under - - ditto British 40. 6. - - - 28. 0. - - - 18. 10 - - - 14. 2. - But under - - - * - British 16 9

First Low Duty - British - - - 1. f. - - - 0. 11. - - - d. 8. - - - 0. 7® First Low Duty - - British 1

If at, or above - - ditto British 40. 6 - •* - 00 p 1 1 18. 10 - - - 14. 2. - If at, or above •* - to British it 9

Second Low Duty - British Second Low Duty - British 0 6

Importation of Wheat Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows:

When Imported from Quebec^ or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

High Duty - per cwt. - 6s. 6d. British.

First Low Duty ditto - - - I. 6. ditto.

Second ditto - ditto - - - o. 2. ditto.

When Imported from any other Foreign Country:

High Duty - per cwt. - - 6s. 6d. British.

First Low Duty - ditto- - - i. 6. ditto.

Second ditto - - ditto - - - I. o. ditto.

Malt made of Wheat—Prohibited.

Rye Ground, or Malt made of Rye: Pease ground, and Beans ground—Prohibited.

__________ __________

Importation of Indian Corn or Maize to be governed by the Price of Barley, as follows:

When Imported from Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

High Duty - per barrel * - 155. od. British.

First Low Duty Ditto - - - o. 10. Ditto.

Second Low Duty Ditto - - - o. 2. Ditto.

When Imported from any other Foreign Country:

High Duty - per barrel - 15s. od. British.

First Low Duty Ditto. - o 10. Ditto.

Second Low Duty Ditto. - o. 2. Ditto.

Malt made of Oats—Prohibited.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refo-lut ions: And that Mr. Western, Sir 'Thomas and Sir Evan Nepean,do prepare, and bring in the fame. Relblntions Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed for the to be printed. Members of the House.

Debate on Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion, made upon Motion the 14th day of this instant July, respecting the Total pubtic1 Debt,* Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great be

<tc. further further adjourned till Tommorrow.

adjourned.

Debate on A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. Motion That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt ptlbtfcDebt1*5 Great Britain,was, on the ill of February 1803, Sic. on ’ £.567,008,978, of which £-67,255,915 had been pur-ift Feb. 1803, chafed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the adjoume . National Debt, and £. 19,180,587 had been transferred to < them on account of Land Tax redeemed, leaving a Funded

Debt unredeemed of £.480,572,476; and that the Amount of the Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the 1 ft of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives, £*53 9,979, and in Long Annuities £. 1,015,410.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow.

Ertimafes Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

ordered: count or Lftiniate of all Duties of Customs and Excise in

Duties of Great Britain, Cm urged and outstanding on Bond, or other-outitandii.g.C' wife, on the 5th ot April 1803 and the 5th of April 1804, respectively; distinguishing the lcvcral Articles; and temporary from permanent Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti- Duty on mate of the Duty on Property, due and outstanding on the ouatandin 5 th of April 1804, lofar as t he fame can be made up.

Mr. Wesiern ore fen ted to the House, according to Order, Bill refusing a Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon: And rented.1"* the lame was received; and read the hi ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Account of Irish Manufa<5lurcd Linens Account of exported, from the Union to the 5th of January 1804; diitinguishing each year; be printed for the Members of be printed, the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

il lards,2 i° dieJidii;

Anno 44® Georgii IIl‘" Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

MESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lord*

Simeon: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act London for warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks, Docl<s Ware-rnade under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth houlms BlJL year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for mak-" ing Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the " greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Com-" merce, and Revenue, within the Port of London," and to 3 make


">ndon , krgy Bill.

etters from rtufury to ;urds of xcilc and uitoms in eland, dered.

ill respecting ie Corn mde, com-irred.

bnte on Motion rc-xcting the ’ublie Debt, :c. resumed.

billons >rtvioui, Neg.

M Geo. III. 24° Julll.

435

.make Regulations relating to the said Docks; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of the Letters, Instructions, and other Documents, received by the Boards of Excil’e and Customs, from the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, respecting the better and more speedy collecting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland-, together with copies of the Returns, Reports, and Proceedings thereupon, from the 25th of March 1799 to the lit of January 1800.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now," Rand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

‘ Tellers for the YeasJ^r- ] 56.

(Mr. Sturges Bourne: j D

rp n r .1 xt S Lord Archibald Hamilton, *)

Tellers for the Noe^Mr_Alderman&mfc; >j ,.

So it was rclolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time; The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ' of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Britain, was, on the 1 ft of February 1803, £.567,008,978; of which £.67,255,915 had been purchased by the Commissioners, and £.19,180,587 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a Funded Debt of £.430,572,476:—And that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ill of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives,£. 539,979, and in Long Annuities, £. 1,015,410.

And the Question was again proposed.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Amount of Public Funded Debt, chargeable on Great Britain, for account of Ireland, was, on the 1 ft of February 1803, £.22,348,000; of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners £. 1,123,415; leaving a Funded Debt of £. 21,224,585, together with Long Annuities to {he amount of £. 9,791;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of Public Funded Debt, chargeable on Great Britain, for account of the Emperor of Germany, was, on the ill of February,£.7,502,633; of which £. 375,137 had been purchased by the Commissioners, leaving a- Funded Debt of £.7,127,496, together with Annuities to the amount of £.230,000, which will expire in 1S20;

And the previous Question being put, That that Quel-tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That under the heads of Treasury, Ordnance, Barracks, VO L. 59.

and including £.171,431, deficient in the Wajs and Means of 1802, outstanding Demands, as far as the fame can be made up, remained to be provided for on the 5th January 1803, to the amount of £.762,867

That the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills unprovided for, was, on the 5th January 1803 ----- 9,500,000

That the Debt of the Navy was, on the 5th January 1803 - ... - 3,105,648

Making the Total Amount of Unfunded

Debt ----- - 13,368,515

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Debt may be stated as follows: £.

Funded Debt unredeemed of Great Britain, 480,572,476

Funded Debt unredeemed of Great Britain, for account of Ireland - 21,224,585

Funded Debt unredeemed of Great Britain, for account of the Emperor of Germany, - 7,127,496

Besides Short Annuities, to the amount of £.230,000.

Long Annuities, valued at 16 years purchase,^ 1,015,410 for Great Britain; £.9,791 for Ireland ----- 16,403,21

Unfunded Debt ----- 13,368,515

Leaving a Total Sum charged or chargeable on Great Britain, exclusive of £.539,979 and £.230,000Short Annuities, of - - - - £. 538,696,288

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, including the Amount created by the sums borrowed in the present Session, was, on the ill of February 1804, £.601,208,978, of which £.77,698,467 had been purchased by the Commissioners, and £.21,147,888 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a Funded Debt of£. 502,362,622; and that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain, after deducting what have fallen in, was, on the ill of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives, £.516,383, and in Long Annuities, £. 1.047,494;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt, chargeable on Great Britain, for account of Ireland, including the Amount created by the sums borrowed in the present Session, was, on the tft February 1804, £.33,738,000; of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners £. i,595,67i; leaving a Funded Debt of £.32,142,329, together with Long Annuities to the amount ot£. 16,208.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Amount of Public Funded Debt, chargeable on Great Britain, for account of the Emperor of Germany, was, on the ill of February 1804, £. 7,502,633; of which £. 459,828 had been purchased by the Commissioners; leaving a Funded Debt of£. 7,042,805, together with Annuities to the amount of £. 230,000, which will expire in 1820;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That, under the heads of, Treasury, Ordnance, Barracks, and Civil List Advances, after deducing £. 1,370,664 surplus in the Ways and Means of 1803, outstanding Demands, as far as the fame can be made up, remained to be

provided

t

■n.

A. 1804.

436

24° Julil

provided for on the $th January 1804, to the £. amount of ----- 653,421

That the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills unprovided for, was, on the 5th of January 1804 ----- 15,390,800

That the Debt of the Navy was, on the 5th January 1804 - 4,037,307

Making the Total Amount of Unfunded

Debt - £.20,081,5:8

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative*

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Debt may be stated as follows:

Funded Debt unredeemed of Great , 502,362,622

Funded Debt unredeemed of Great,

for account of Ireland . - - - - 312,142,329

• Funded Debt unredeemed of Great for account of the Emperor of , be-

tides Short Annuities to the amount of £• 230,000 _ - 7,042,805

Long Annuities valued at Sixteen years purchase, £. 1,047,494 for Great Britain, £.16,208 for Ireland ----- 17,019,232

Unfunded Debt ----- 20,081,528

Leaving a Total Sum charged or chargeable on Great Britain (exclusive of £. 516,383, and £. 230,000 Short Annuities) of - - £.578,648,516

Subject to the operation of the Sinking Funds during the current year, which cannot be dated correctly, as it depends on the price of Stocks, but which may be estimated to redeem £. 11,000,000 of Debt by the 5th of January 1805, exclusive of any Sums which may be transferred for the Redemption of Land Tax.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Annual Charge for account of the Funded Debt x of Great Britain, was, on the ift of February 1803, £. 23,510,967 :—And on the ift of February 1804, including the Charge incurred by the Loan of the present Session, was £ 24,846,665;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the sum applicable to the Reduction of the Funded Debt of Great Britain, was,on the ift of February 1803, £. 5,834,986 :—And on the ift of February 1804, including one per-cent, on the Stock created by the Loan of the present Session, was £. 6,493,626;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It pafll-d in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes was, in the year ending 5th of January 1803, £. 27,531,358 :—And in the year ending 5th of January 1804, £.30,710,747;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

Jt passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, was £. 31,442,318:—And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1803, £. 28,419,625;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It paftod in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain was, in the year ending 5th of January 1804 (sup-posing the Imports from the Indiet, of which no account has been made up, to be the same as in the year pre-

ceding)^ 27,441,874:—And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1804, £.29,490,945;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put>

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made* and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of British Produce and Manufacture exported, in the year ending 5th of January 1S03, was £. 26,953,129 :—And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1803, was £. 22,942,840;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of Produce and Ma-

nufacture exported in the year ending 5th of January 1804, was £. 22,252,103 And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1804, £. 23,834,339;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

' It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending 5th of January 1803, was £. 14,418,837 :—And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1803, was £. 11,651,333;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending 5th of January 1804, was £. 9,323,257 :—And on an average of six years, ending 5th of January 1804, was £. 11,636,441;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It paRed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the year 1804, may be estimated as follows:

Interest of the Public Funded Debt, Charges £.’ of Management, and Sinking Fund, on the 5th of February 1804

Interest, Charges of Management, &c. to be paid between the 5th February 1804 and the 5th January 1805, on Stock created by Loans of the present Session, to the amount of £. 18,200,000 -

Interest on Exchequer Bills, the Amount issued and bearing Interest exceeding £. 20,000,000 -

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters Warrants,

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. &c. estimated to be the same as in the year ending 5th January 1804 ——

Charges of collecting and Management of the Revenue, estimated to be the same as in the year ending 5th January 1804

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain of the Civil List and other Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (the Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland which isiikewife a joint Charge, being included in the Supplies) - J of £. 1,346,043 Supplies voted in 1804 for Great Britainexclufively - . £.2,292,000

Supplies voted in 1804 for Great Britain and Ireland, proportion to be defrayed by Great

- 24,110,475

534.19°

- 1,000,000

723,056

U955.368

- 1,187,690

Britain ) of£. 40,572

>ov

- 35.799.159

Advance to Ireland -Interest for Loans to the Emperor of Germany -

Sums to be raised Parochially, for the Maintenance of the Poor, estimated to be the same as in the year ending Easter 1S03

38,051,159

4,500,000

497.735

- 5,246,506

Making in the whole the sum of £. 77,846,179

And

Debate on Motion respecting^ the Public Debt, &c. on ail Feb. 1803, returned.

Resolutions

rerpecting

Finance.

44 Geo. III. 24° Julii.

Ar.d the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It palSed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Funds applicable to discharge the Sum required for the service of the year 1804, may be estimated as follow:

The Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue, alter deducing the Repayment of Over-Entries, Drawbacks, &c. estimated to be £. the fume as in the year ending the 5th January

1804 ...... 36,139,171

Estimated Produce to the 5th January 1805, of the Permanent Taxes imposed in the present Session ----- 400,000

Small branches of the Hereditary Revenue, and Imprest Monies repaid, estimated to be the same as in the year ending the 5th January 1804 - 228,253

Lottery, after deducing the proportion of Ireland -----2 50,000

War Taxes, estimated Produce to the 5th April 1805 - 15,440,000

Surplus of the Ways and Means for the year 1803 ----- 1,370,664

Loan constituting an increase of Funded Debt ----- 14,500,000

Loans by Exchequer Bills, charged on the Supplies of the year 1805 (V. C.) - - 2,500,000

Sums to be raised Parochially for the Maintenance of the Poor, estimated to be the same as in the year ending Easter 1803 - - 5,246506

Making in the whole the sum of £. 70,074,594 And leaving a Deficiency of - 1 >77'>585

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, " That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debtof Great Britain, was, on the ift of February 1803, £.567,008,978; of which £. 67,255,915 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and £. 19,180,587 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a Funded Debt Unredeemed of £. 480,572,476 :—And, that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities; and for Lives, £. 539>979 > and in Long Annuities, £. 1,015,410."

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debtof Great Britain, was, on the ift of February 1803, £.567,0055,978; of which £. 67,255,915 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and £. 19,180,587 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a Fended Debt Unredeemed of £. 48o.;572,47_6; and that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities; and for Lives, £. 539,979; and in Long Annuities, £. 1,015.410.

Resolved\That the Total Amount of Public Funded Debt, created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, was, on the ift of February 1803, £. 22,348,000; of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, £.1,123,4*5; leaving a Funded Debt Unredeemed of£. 21,224,585, together with Long Annuities to the amount of £. 9,791.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt, created in Great Britain for account of the'Emperor of Germany, was, on the 1 ft February 1803,£. 7,502,633;

of which £. 375,137 had been purchased by the Comnitffionersfor the Reduction of the National Debt; leaving a Funded Debt Unredeemed of£. 7,127,496, together with Annuities to the amount of £.230,000, which will expire in 1819.

Vol. 59.

Resolved, That the Amount of the Outstanding Demands unprovided for on 5th January 1803, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, and of the anticipation of certain Duties annually voted, was £. 592,630:

That the Deficiency of Ways and Means, for the^year 1802, was£. 171,431:—Making the Amount of Demands Unprovided for on the 5th January 1803, £. 764,061.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt, exclusive of the anticipation in the utual form of certain Duties annually voted, and of those provided for by the Aids of 1802, amounted, on thC 5th January 1803, to £. 9,933,248; exclusive also of £. 3,coo,oooo advanced by the Bank, without Interest,1 for the renewal of their Charter, to be repaid in 1806.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, was, on the ift of February 1804, £.583,008,978; of which £.77,698.467 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and £.21,147,888 had been transferred to them bn account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a Funded Debt Unredeemed of £.484,162,622 And, that the amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the 1 ft of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives, £.516,383, and in Long Annuities £.1,047,494:—And that a further Debt, amounting to £.18,200,000 Capital Stock, has been created by the sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt, created in Great Britain for account of was,

on the ift of February 1804,£.25,548,000; of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, 1.595,671, leaving a Funded Debt of £.23,952,329, together with Long Annuities to the amount of £.16,208:—And that a further Debt, amounting to £.8,190,000 Capital Stock, has been created by sums borrowed in the present Session, in Great,

on account of Ireland.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of Public Funded Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany, was, on the ift of February 1864,.£.7,502,633 j

of which £.459,828 had been purchased by the Comnuf-sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; leaving 4 Funded Debt of £ 7,042,805, together with Annuities to the amount of £.230,000, which will expire in 1819.

Resolved, That the Amount of the Outstanding Demands unprovided for on the 5th of January 1804, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, and of the anticipation of certain Duties annuaily voted, was £.2,024,085; that the Surplus of Ways and Means for the year 1803, was £.1,370,664, reducing the amount of Demands unprovided for on the 5th January 1804, to £.653,421; the whole of which has been paid off, or provided for in the present Session.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt, exclusive of the anticipation in the usual form of certain Duties annually voted, and of Exchequer Bills provided for by Aids 1803* amounted, on the 5th January 1804, to £. 16,305,607; exclusive also of £. 3,000,000 advanced by the Bank, without Interest, for the renewal oft heir Charter,'to be repaid in 1806; of which sum of £.16,305,607, £.2,768,300 has been paid off, or provided for in the course of the present Session.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain Unredeemed, was, on £. the 1 ft of February 1803 - - - 480,572,476

And on the ift of February 1804 - 484,162,62a

Making an Increase in the year 1803, of £. 3,590,146 Three per-Cent.Annuities. —-----

Resolved, That the Outstanding Demands unprovided for, on the 5th of January 1803, amounted to £.764,061

And on the 5th of January 1804, to - . 2,024,085

Making an Increase in the year 1803 of £. 1,260,024 S T That

438

24° JnUi,

A. 1804.

That the Ani(*unt of Exchequer Bills created for the service of the year 1803, and not paid off, or provided for within the year (including the Vote of Credit) was £.4,500,000, from which is to be deduced the sum of £.2,7 81,532 Exchequer Bills, paid off out of the Supplies £. of the year 1803, leaving an Increase of - 1,718,468

And that an Increase of Navy Debt was incurred, amounting to - - 931,655

Making in the whole an Increase of Unfunded Debt and Outstanding Demands, within the year 1803, of - - . 3,910,147

Resolved, That the Surplus of Ways and Means for the year 1803 (after satisfying the sum of £.579,706 for Interest of Exchequer Bills and other Payments, not being part of the Supplies for the year) was - £. 1,370,664 That the sum of - 1,000,000

was repaid to the India Company, on account of Advances made by them for the Public,

Service during the late War.

That the Amount of War Duties of Customs and Excise, charged and outstanding on the 5th April 1804 (supposing it equal to their amount on 5th January 1804) was - 2,416,207 And that the Arrears of the Duty on Property Outstanding on 5th April 1804, may be estimated at about - - 4,500,000

Making in the whole about £. 9,286,000; from which deducing the sum of £. 497,000, wanting on the 5th April 1804 to make good the Crant of £. 4,500,000, there will remain about - - - 8,789,000

Which, compared with the above-mentioned Increase of Unfunded Debt and Demands, amounting to £. 3,910,147, will exceed the fame by about ... 4,878,000

Resolved, That the Annual Charge on account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, after deducting the Charges of Management on Loans redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the interest on Stock transferred for the Redemption of the Land Tax, was, on the ift of February 1803, £.23,510,967; and on the ift of February 1804, £.24,110,475; and that a further Charge has been incurred on account of the sum borrowed in the present Session, amounting to £. 736,190.

Resolved, That the sum annually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, in pursuance of the* several Acts relating thereto, was, for the year 1803, £.6,311,626; being about -^th part of the Unredeemed Debt existing in 1803, and may, for the year 1804, be estimated at £.6,851,192, being about Trd Part of the Unredeemed Debt existing in 1804.

Resolved, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes existing previous to 5 January 1793, was.

In the year ended - 5 January 1793 - £-14,284,000; on 5 January 1794 -on 5 January 1795 - I3>^5^»000»

on 5 January 1796 - 13,557,000;

on 5 January 1797 - 14,292,000;

on 5 January 1798 - 13,332,000;

on 5 January 1799 - 14,275,000;

on 5 January 1800 - 15,743,109;

on 5 January 1801 - 14,194,539;

on 5 January 1802 - 14,497,226;

on 5 January 1803 - 15,425,000;

and on 5 January 1804 * 14,901,000;

Which last sum exceeds the Net Produce of the Permanent

Taxes, on the 5th January 1793, by £.617,000, and is exclusive of a large Increase of Arrears outstanding.

Resolved, That the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, in the year ended 5th January 1803, amounted to £.28,246,681, including£.7i5,323 paid toi Bounties on Corn and Rice-imported in the year 1802:—And, on the 5th January 1804, the Total Net Produce of Permanent Taxes amounted to £.30,754,724, including £.43,977 for Bounties on Corn and Rice imported in the year 1803.

Resolved, That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, was £.31,442,318;—And on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1803, was £.28,419,626:

That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain in the year ending 5th of January 1804, supposing the Imports from the East Indies (of which no Account has yet been made up) to be the same as in the preceding year, was £.27,441,874; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1804, was £. 29,490,945.

Resolved, That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain, in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, was £. 26,993,129; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th January 1803, was £.22,942,800:

That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th of January 1804, was £.22,252,101; and on an Average ot Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1804, was £. 23,834,340:

And that the Real Value of British Manufactures exported in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, may be estimated at £.48,500,683; and in the year ending the 5th of January 1804, at £.40,100,870.

Resolved, That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th January 1803, was £. 19,127,833; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th January 1803, was £.15,402,959:

That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, was £.11,537,148; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th January 1804, \vas

£'lS*323*5°° '•

And that the Real Value of Foreign Merchandize exported in the year ending the 5th January 1803, may be estimated at £.14,418,837; and in the year ending the 5th of January 1804, at £.9,323,257.

Resolved, That, in the year ended 5th January 1803, the number of British Vessels entered Inwards in Great Britain was 10,347; their Tonnage 1,378,62c; and the number of Men employed in them 88,035 :—That the number of British Vessels cleared Outwards was 10,182; their Tonnage 1,345,621; and the number of Men employed in them 87,304:

That, in the year ended 5th January 1803, the number of Foreign Vessels entered Inwards in Great Britain was 5,497; their Tonnage 780,155; and the number of Men employed in them 40,520:—And that the number ol Foreign Vessels cleared Outwards was 5,626; their Tonnage 804,880; and the number of Men employed in them 42,414.

Resolved, That in the year ended the 5th January 1804, the number of British Ships entered Inwards in Great Britain, was 11,396; their Tonnage 1,614,365; and the number of Men employed to navigate them 93,004:— That the number of British Ships cleared Outwards was 11,072; their Tonnage 1,444,840; and the number of Men employed to navigate them 92,940;

That, in the same year, the number of Foreign Ships entered Inwards in Great Britain was 4,252; their Tonnage 638,034; and the number of Men employed in them 33,660:—That the number of Foreign Ships cleared Outwards was 3,662; their Tonnage 574,542; and the number of Men employed 30,414:—Making an increase in the year 1803, as compared with the year 1802, of British Vessels entered Inwards; viz.

Ships. Tons. Men.

1,049 - - 235,745 - - 4>969>

and an Increase of British Vessels cleared Outwards, of Ships. Tons. Men.

790 - - 99,219 - - 5,636:

And making a diminution in the year 1803, compared with the year 1802, in the number of Foreign Vessels entered Inwards; viz.

Ships. Tons. Mm.

1,245 - - 142,121 - - 6,86c;

and a diminution of Foreign Vessels cleared Outwards, of Ships. Tons. Men.

1,964 - - 230,338 - - 12,000.

Resolved,

44 Geo. III. 24°—25°

439

Resolved, That the number of Registered Vessels belonging to the British Dominions, and employed in Trade in the year i3c2, was 20,568; their Tonnage 2,128,055 and the number of Seamen navigating the fame 154,530: And in the year 1803, the number of Vessels was 21,445 their Tonnage 2,238,240; and the number of Men 155,445; being an Increase of 877 Ships, of 110,194 Tons, and of 915 Mem

Resolved, That the Total Sum to be provided by Great Britain, for the year 1804, may be estimated as follows: Interest on Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on the 5th February 1804 ----- - 24,110,475

Interest, Charges of Management, tec. to be paid between the 5th February 1804 and the 5th January 1805, on Stock created by Loans of the present Session to the amount of £. 18,200,000 - -- -- 487,000

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters Warrants,

Bounties for promoting Fisheries,&cc. &c. estimated to be the lame as in the year ending 5th January 1804 - - ----- 723,056

Charges of collect ing and Management of the Revenue, eft i mated to be the same as in the year ending the 5th January 1804 - - 1*955,368

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain of the Civil List, and other Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (the Chaibcs on the Consolidated Fund of which is likewise a joint Charge, being included in the Supplies) 4 ’ of £. 1,346,043 - 1,187,690

Supplies vote.! in 1804, for £.

Great B.ita!n exclusively - r - 2,292,579 Supplies voted in 1804, for Great Britain and Ireland, proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, 44 of £. 40,510,699 - 35,744,735

Interest for Loans to the Emperor of Germany

38,037,314

497>528.

Making in the whole the sum of - 66,998,431

Resolved, That the Funds applicable to discharge the sum required to be provided by Great , for the year

1804, may be estimated as follows:

The Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue (after deducting the Repayment of Over Entries, Drawbacks, &c.) estimated to be the same as in the year ending 5th January

1804 - ...... £*35>44°>278

Add, Excels of Permanent Duties outstanding and under Bond on 5th January 1804, beyond their Amount on 5th January 1803, after deduding £.260,000, the proportion of Wine Duty bonded, beyond the Average Importation '

of the last Five Years - - - 712,000

Allowance to Brewers, which ceased in June 1803 - - - - 95,000

Further Produce of Taxesi8o3, to 5th January 1804; taken as estimated for the whole year at £.680,000' - - 430,000

-----36,677,278

Estimated Produce to 5th January 1805, of the Permanent Taxes imposed in the present Session; taken as estimated for the whole year at£. 8co,oooo - -- -- 200,000

Small branches of the Hereditary Revenue, and Imprest Monies repaid, estimated to be the same as in theyearended 5th January 1804 370,000

Lottery, after deduding the proportion of Ireland - - - -- -- 250,000

War Taxes, estimated to produce to 5th April 1805 - -- -- - - - --15,440,000

Vol. 59.

Carried up - - 52,937,278

Brought up - - £.52,937.278

Surplus Ways and Means for the year 1803 1,370,000

Loan - -- -- - -- -- - io.ood,coo

Vote of Credit for Great Britain - - - 2,500 000

Making in the whole the sum of - £.66,807,278

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimate of

Order, *ht DutJr on

* rooertv

An Estimate of the Duty on Property due and out- oumamiing, standing on the 5th April 1804, so far as the fame can be P«*nted. made up.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii,25° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1804.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Tyrrell, Remem- papers re.

brancer of the City of London, and Clerk to the West th*

India Dock Company, attended at the door; he was called i^,don, in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the presented. directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Monies received by or for the India Dock Company, with the application of the fame, to the 1 ft day of February 1804: And also,

A Statement of the progress of the Works at the Isle of Dogs, executing under the direction of the West India Dock Company: And also,

A Statement of the progress of the Works of the Canal in the Isle of Dogs, executing under the direction of the Corporation of London: And also.

An Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies received by the Court of Directors of the East India Dock Company: And also,

A Statement of the progress made in the formation of the Docks, Basons, and other Works, for the accommodation of the East India Shipping.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Tirertoo Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect- Writ, ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of in the room of

the Honourable Richard Ryder, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of- His Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of , Pembroke,

and Cardigan, and of the Town and County of Haverford Weft, and of the County of the Borough of,

within the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Christctoxrch Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect- Writ, ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Christchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable George , who,'since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the City of Norwich was Petition from presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed the great and sudden advance in Cornilw*. the price of Wheat and other Grain since it hath been

proposed

Account of Duties of Cultoins, See, outltanding, prei'ented.

Jppendix.

(No. 37.)

The Lords have agreed to

Irish Customs and Excise Regulation Bill.

Irish Spirits Warehousing Bill.

Irlfh Revenue Bill.

Committee on Bill respecting the Cora Trade.

Reported.

440 25°—26" Jutii. A. 1804;

proposed to makelm alteration in the Corn Laws: And

therefore praying, that, under those circumstances, the House 26° die JulUj

will not consent to any alteration in those Laws at this time.. Anno 44* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1804.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Prayers.

Mr. Hufkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order,

An Account or Estimate of all Duties of Customs in Great Britain charged and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th April 1803, and on the 5th April 1804 respectively; distinguishing the several Articles; and temporary from permanent Duties.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, until the twenty*fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the lame when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords1 have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ‘Thomas Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir 'Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Thomas Charles Bilnbury accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed bim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to Bamjbpi* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ‘ the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Barnjiaple, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Edward Pe/lew, Baronet, who, since hiseleftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff' of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the several Papers respecting the Excise, Papers Customs, Stamps, Poll Office, and other Revenues in -land, and respecting the several Boards for managing the said before the fame: And also respecting the Expenditure of Monies in the Civil and Military Departments, which were ordered n on the 3d, 4th, 9th, nth, and 24th days of this instant July, be laid before this House in the first week of the next Session of Parliament.

The ingrossed Bill to regulate the Importation and Ex- Biiirefpeainj portation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable x«de°mJrd. thereon, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation tof Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Western do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lord* Simeon: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Irj<hFefs.fcc. for appointing, until the first day of August one thousand Commitiioa-eight hundred and five, Commissioners to enquire into the ers B‘:1, Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B:ll for Erilrf. for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords defife Amendments, the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the AdJ0Urrment. House this day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of Twelve hundred Pounds to be advanced to Henry MeYnsY Alexander, Esquire, for his services to this House, in the [.

present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and to act’ure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s 1110ft Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased todireft such I

a sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Dvfon, Esquire, '* Jnt‘ Clerk Afiistant of this House, for his services to this House, in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said office, will amount to the clear sum of Two thousand Pounds; and to assure His Majesty, that th is Housewill make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His D’forSreoai Majesty, That He will be graciously plea ed to direct the clear sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced to

John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Affiftaat of this 11 House,

44 Geo. III. 26°—28° Julil 441

T for Deputy

frjeaiitat

Irnas.

roumal to be irinttd.

Address for making Index to Votes.

Vf for Attendance on Committees.

Address for Fever Insti-tntioa.

House, for his Cervices to this House in the present Session; and to allure His Majesty, that this' House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That aa humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such a sum of Money to be issued to John , Esquire,

late Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear sum of Five hundred Pounds; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy (Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the end of the last Session of Parliament, to the end of this present Sefflon, with an Index to the fifty-ninth volume, be printed.

Ordered, That one thousand seven hundred and fifty copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the appointment, and under the direction,of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other person do presume to print the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the lum of Three hundred and ten Pounds to be advanced to George Wkittam, Esquire, Clerk of the Journals of this

House, for defraying the Expence of making an Index to the Votes of this House of the present Session, and of printing the fame; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such Compensation as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons in the present Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be prefehted to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the ln-ftitution for preventing the spreading of contagious malignant Fevers in the Metropolis; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Lord* Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to

to"lBf<4vent * Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtor* Bil), Debtors, be taken into consideration upon Saturday next.

tdered°n And then the House adjourned till Saturday

Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 28* die Julii;

Anno 44® Georgii IIP11 Regis, i 804.

Prayers.

jtoyrf a flint A MESSAGE by Mr. Quay me, Yeoman Ulher of the to Bill*. jt\ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-

Vol. 59.

million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Graham, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for raising the sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty- second years of His present Majesty:

An Act for making further Regulations for the better Col-ledlion and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein:

An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth diy of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Cohfumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused:

An Act for appointing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been, lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing,’and accounting for Public Money in Ireland:

An Act to amend certain of the provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service:

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectqal, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent " Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to pro-" vide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and *f for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Ragland," so far as the same relates to the City of London:

An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers:

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England and Ireland, by the bluing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad tef ificandum, in certain cases:

An Act for permitting, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, ‘the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau, in the island of Hew Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballast:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the lorty-letond and forty-third years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance:

An Act for warehousing Goods within the limits of certain Docks, made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth

5 U and

442 28°

and fortieth year of . His present Majesty, intituled, " An 44 for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, * for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, " Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London" and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks:

An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London,

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon: have agreed to Mr. Speaker,

Bill reipeding The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tteCorn to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and n f‘ the Bounties and Duties payable thereon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the day being read;

Lords The House proceeded to take into confederation the

Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. An Debtors Bill, Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

•pw* *°* And the said Amendments were read j and are as followed); viz.

Pr. i. 1.40. Leave out from " were" to 44 and, " in Press 2. line 1.

Pr. a. 1. 1. After "and" insert " have since continued to be, and at the time of the " passing of this Act, and also.*’

,eave out '* Part t^c-"

1.23. f After " mentioned " insert " or for Costs lc 24. ( "or Contempts, as the case may be;"

and in the fame line, leave out from " and " to " to," in Press 4. line 4.

Pr. 4. h 6. After " belief" insert " have ever since " continued to be, and at the time of " the delivery of this Lift, now are." 1. 7. Leave out from " custody" to * so," in line 15. -

1.16. After " which " insert 4* Oath."

Vt, 5.1.35. Leave out " the " and insert " every."

1,36. Leave out " or Lifts."

Pr. 6.1. 5. Leave out " charged."

L o. After 44 Gaol " insert " and have since " so continued to be in Prison or Gaol " as aforesaid."

I. 7. After " Debts" insert " Damages."

1. 9. After 44 whole," insert 44 on the said first " day of January one thousand eight 44 hundred and four, or at any time or " times since."

1.14. After " and " insert 44 who."

1.17. Leave out from " shall " to " be," in

line 19.

1.24. Leave out from " otherwise " to " And,"

in Press 8. line 19.

Pr. 1c. 1.10. After " four," insert 44 or at any time * since."

Pr. x6« L S' After " four," insert " or at any time " since."

1.28. After " four," insert " and has or have 44 ever since continued to be a Prisoner " or Prisoners."

I a®. After " or " insert " Prisons ;" and in the same line, after " Gaol " insert " or Gaols."

Pr. 24.1.31. After " Order " insert " of such Justices, v whether duly made or not."

1.14. After 44 Prisons," insert " acting in obe* " dience thereto,"

Pr. 38.1.20, After " Prison " infort " or Prisons."

1.After "four," "insert and hath since continued to be a Prisoner in my Prison,

" (or in custody in some other Prison or " Prisons, as the case may be)."

Pr. 40.1. 3* Before the word " really " insert " and " hath since continued to be."

I. 8. After " Prison " insert " or Prisons."

Pr. 49* 1* 27. Leave out 44 or upon Judgment."

1* 39. After " any " insert " such ;" and in the same line, leave out from " Pri- foner " to " upon," in line 30.

Pr. 49-1-37*

Pr. 50.1. 2.

L 4.

1. 6.

I.17.

1.21. 1. 22. 1. 29.

Pr.51.1. 8.

1. 9.

I.13.

1.14. Pr.54. 1.19-

&20.

59.1. 7. . 69.1. 6.

1.11.

Pr. 77. L14.

Pr. 78.1. io.

Clause (A.)

A. 1804.

Leave out from " four " to " it," in line ult.

Leave out from 44 Prisoner " to " to," in line 3.

After " generally," insert " in discharge " of his or her person from execution." After4* Prison" insert " or Prisons." After " his " insert " or;" and in the same line, leave out " or their."

After * him " insert "or."

Leave out " or them."

After " matters " insert " of Imprison-* ment and Discharge."

After " and " insert " the several fads 44 entitling him to."

Leave out " this Act," and insert "the " fame."

After4r Demurrer," insert " either upon " such Scire Facias, or such Action " of Debt upon Judgment brought, " or other Suit or Action commenced " as aforesaid."

Leave out " to " and insert "shall." After * Prosecution," insert 44 or for any " other malicious injury."

Leave out " every."

Leave out " Debtor or Debtors," and insert " Persons or Persons."

Leave out " Debtor," and insert " Per-* son or Persons."

After 44 Persons " insert " as have been so * committed on or before the first " day of January one thousand eight " hundred and four, and have ever " since remained in custody under 44 such commitment."

Leave out from "perjury" to " Provided," in Press 79. line 6. and insert Clause (A.)

* And be it further Enacted, That no-" thing herein contained shall be * deemed or taken to discharge the 44 future Estate or IitFeds, real or personal, of any person or persons dif-" charged under this Act, whether *« such person or persons shall or shall 44 not have been charged in execution, 44 of or from the payment of any Debt. 44 Damages, Costs, sum or sums of 44 Money, due, owing, or demandable 44 from any such person or persons, 44 or in respect of which such person 44 or persons was or were in custody; 44 and all and every person and persons entitled to receive or be paid 44 any such Debt, Damages, Costs, 44 sum or sums of money, shall luve 44 all such and the like remedies in 4* Law and Equity against such future 44 Estate and Effects, but not against 44 the person of the party for payment " thereof, as he or they might have 44 had, if this Act had not been made; 44 and in any case in which the payment or recovery of such demands 44 or sums of money could, before the 44 passing of this Act, have been en- forced only by commitment, either 44 on the ground of contempt or other- wife, of the person liable thereto, the 44 party interested therein shall be and 44 is hereby enabled to sue the person or 44 persons who ought to have paid the 44 fame for what shall remain unsatisfied 44 thereof, in like manner as if the 44 sum remaining unsatisfied had been 44 money lent and advanced by, or " money had and received for, the use 44 of the person having such demand, 44 but shall be entitled to recover, or

44 have

44 Geo. III.

28°—30°—31° Julii.

443

" have execution out of or against such " future Estate and Effects only, and " shall not be entitled toarreft or take " in execution the party against whom " such demand shall be enforced." The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 30° die Julii;

Anno 44° Georgii III*11 Regis, i 804. Prayers.

Howl Assent A M ESS A G E by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the

t» felts. J\ B,ack Rod

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, -where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of the

Duke of Kent, the Duke of , the Duke of

Sussex, the Duke of Cathe Duke of the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High Chan-

cellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Marquis of Hertjord, and the Lord Wal-singham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the r.Adport Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledk- vv,t* ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset,'in the room of the Right honourable Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The Lord* Stratford: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act consolidated for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out Fund Bill, of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain’, and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Answer to several Addresses, of Thursday last, had been presented to Addre "* His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions as desired by the said Addresses.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Trewnjr

Writ*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Most honourable George Spencer, commonly called Marquis of Blandford, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for executing His Majesty’s Exchequer.

the office of Treasurer of

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector !nfh import* General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; peefentedr'8’ he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value at which each article of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain to and from Ireland, during the three years ending the 5th January 1803, has been estimated in the Returns made thereof to the House of Commons; distingui filing each year, and each article.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 59.

Martis,31° die Julii;

Anno 44* Georgii IIItn Regis, 1 804,

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. George Owen, Account* >•» from the Directors of the East India Company, at- jEKSi1* tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

N° 1. An Account, mewing the Estimated and Actual Revenues and Charges in India, with the Results for Ten years, from 1793*4 to 1802-3, after deducting Payment* on Account of Interest on Debts, and Supply to,

&c. exhibiting likewise the Decrease or the Increase oi the Debts; distinguishing each year: And also,

N° 2. Estimate of Profit and Lois on the Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for Ten years, ending lit March 1804, with other Payments in Englanddedu&ed therefrom; distinguishing each year; and distinguishing, as far as may be, such Charges as are of a Political from those that are of a Commercial nature; and also distinguishing the India from the China Account: And also,

N*3. An Account of the Total Amount of the Com* pany’s Debts and Assets Abroad and at Home, including China, the former from April 1793 to April 1803, and the latter from March 1794 to March 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Together with a List.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Estimate are preserved amongst the Papers of this Session.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Royal Assent Ulher of the Black Rod: to Sill,

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Public Bill following;

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain t and for applying a certain sum of Money therein mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand x1 eight

444 31° jfuHi.—i Scpteinbris.^&Octobris.—QT Novembris. 1804.

eight hundred and four, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

His Malay’s After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a moll

Speech. Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Par—

' liament, as followeth; vi

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Before I put an end to the present Session of Parliament,

I am detirous of expressing My entire approbation of the zeal and assiduity with which you have applied yourselves to the great objects of public concern which have come under your consideration.

You have wifely continued to direct your attention to the encouragement and improvement of that respectable and powerful Volunteer Force which the ardour and spirit of My Subjects have enabled me to establish to an extent hitherto unexampled: You have at the same time endeavoured to combine an additional Establishment for Our domestic Defence with the means of augmenting Our liegular Army, and of maintaining it on such a scale as may be proportioned to the circumstances of the times, and to the rank which this Country ought ever to hold among the Powers of Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

You are entitled to My warmest acknowledgments for the fresh proof which you have given Me of your constant and affectionate attachment to My Person and Family, and your regard to the Honour and Dignity of My Crown, by the liberal provision which you have made for the Payment of the Debt on My Civil List Revenues, and for furnishing me with the additional means of defraying the increase which has unavoidably taken, place in different branches of My Expenditure.

I mult also return you My warmest thanks for the ex-tensive provision which you have made for the exigencies of the Public Service; and especially for the just and prudent attention which you have shewn to true economy, and to the permanent credit and welfare of the Country, by the great exertions you have made for preventing, as far a*

' possible, the accumulation of Debt, and for railing so large a proportion of the Expences of the War within the year.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have now only to recommend to you, to carry into your . respective Counties the fame zeal for the Public Interest which has guided all your proceedings. It will be your particular duty to inculcate, on the minds of all classes of My Subjects, that the preservation of all that is most dear to them requires the continuance of their unremitted exertions for the National Defence.

The preparations which the Enemy has long been forming for the declared purpose of invading this Kingdom are daily augmented, and the attempt appears to have been delayed only with the view of procuring additional means -for carrying it into execution.

Relying on the Ikill, valour, and discipline of my Naval and Military Force, aided by the voluntary zeal and native courage of My People, I look with confidence to the issue of this great conflict; and I doubt not, that it will terminate, under the Blefiing of Providence, not only in repelling the danger of the moment, but in establishing, in the eyes of Foreign Nations, the security of this Country on a basis never to be lhaken.

; In addition-to this first and great object, I entertain the animating hope that the benefits to be derived from Our successful exertions will not be confined within Ourselves; but that, by their example and their consequences, they may lead to the re-establishment of such a system in , as may refeue it from the precarious state to which it is reduced; and may finally raise an effectual barrier against the unbounded schemes of aggrandizement and ambition which threaten every independent Nation that yet remains on the Continent.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Parliament command, feid, prorogued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 4th day of September next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 4th day of September next.

Martis, 4° die;

Anno 44* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1804.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afiistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 4th day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 4th day of October next.

Jovis, 4° die Octobris;

Anno 440 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1 804.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr, Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afiistant, went up to the House of Peers; Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 27th day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 27th day of November next.

Martis, 27° die Novembris;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1804.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarmet YeOman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue bf His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afiistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 15th day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th day of January next.

445

APPENDIX.

V«l. 59i

5X

447

44* Geo. III.

APPENDIX f

TO THE

FIFTY-NINTH VOLUMEi

Sess. 1803-4.

APPENDIX. LIST of the APPENDIX. PAGE.

(No. 1.) 29® Novembris, 1803. ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year *804 ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1804 457- ibid.

(No. a.) l* Decembris. ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Transport Service, and the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, in Health, at Home and Abroad, from the ill January to the 31ft December 1804 461.

ESTIMATE of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, in the Year 1804 - ibid.

(No. 3.) 20 Decembris. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Notes of the Bank of England in Circulation on the 111 of June, the ill of August, the ift of October, and the 25th of November 1803 5 distinguishing the Amount of those that were below the value of Five Pounds ibid.

(No. 4.) 2* Decembris. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 462.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, and in New South Wales; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - - 464.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive; 465. ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Sendee in East India, from the 25 th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - -- - 466.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from th^ 25th December 1863 to the 24th December 1804, both 467.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations} from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ----- ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain , and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the 25th December 1S03 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year 1804 - - - - 469.

- ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1804 - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - -- -- -- - ibid.

(No. 5.) 5* Decembris. COPY of a Convention between His Britannick Majesty and the King of Sweden, signed on the 25th July 1803 - •> 470.

Vol. 59-

448 List of Appendix. A. 1803—4.

APPENDIX. - ' PAGE.

(No. 6.) 6® Decemb ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year 1804 j also of the said Charge in Ireland, for the said Year—Land Service ----- I 0 I 1 1

(No. 7.) 6* Decembris. 1 —IRE LAND- RETURNS to an Order of the House, of the 7th Day of June in the last: Session of Parliament 5 " That there be laid before this u House, an Account of the Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, respectively, for the lait Ten Years; u distinguishing each Year, and each Assize; and diltinguiffiing the Sums levied for the Militia from tnofe levied for other " Purposes" - -- -- -- -- -- -- 474-

17* Aprilis. RETURNS to an Order of the House, of the 2d Day of February last; M That the Treasurers of the several Counties, and Counties j " of Cities in Ireland, do return to this House a Statement, whether any, and what Sums of Money have been levied by Grand w Jury Assessment, and paid over to any or what Houses of Indufty, in their respective Counties, in the Years 1801, 1802, and u 1803, for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor therein" - -- -- -- - 496.

25® Aprilis. A PAPER, intituled, " Return from the Treasurer of the County of Clare, of the Sums of Money levied by Grand Jury Assessment, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor in the House of Indufty of Ennis, in the said County" ----- ibid.

(No. 8.) —IRELAND—

6* Decembris. An ACCOUNT of the Manner in which the Sum of £. 500,000, granted in the last Session of the Irish Parliament, to the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland, has been disposed of ----- 49$.

(No. 9.) 8* Decembris. An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary F.xpendi-ture of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament - -- -- - An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become due in 5°o. ibid.

- An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1804 ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Corsican, and Dutch Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1804 r ibid.

(No. 10.) 9® Decembris. ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament - -- -- -- -- ibid.

(No. 11.) 9* Decembris. 13® Decembris. 10® Febru 1804. 7* Mali. ABSTRACT of the Return of all Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps whose Services have been accepted by His Majesty, describing each Corps, so far as the fame can at present be made up--- - - ----- ABSTRACT of the Lift of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps as have been accepted and placed upon the Establishment in LIST of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, which have been placed on permanent Pay and.Duty since ift November 1803, as far as the fame can be made out - An ACCOUNT of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, as have been voluntarily assembled, on permanent Pay and Duty, since the Date of the last Return presented to Parliament, as far as the fame can be made up - 501. 5°3- ibid. 506.

(No. 12.) 1 o* Decembris. —IRELAND— ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Board of First Fruits, in Ireland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1305 ... 3

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Civil Buildings, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing and binding 250 Copies of the Public General A£h of the Fourth Session of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, 5 *3*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c#; and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Purfuivants and Extra Meffiengers attending the said Offices j for One Year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - - - - . - - - - 514. Hid.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Expences in Ireland, from 5th January ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5 th January 1805 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of His Majesty's Gold Mines in the County of Wicklow, from 5th January 1S04 to r%t\\ January 1805 * - - - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble, in the Year 1804 - ' 5' S ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for Cloathing the Battle-Axe Guards

ESTIMATE for Cloathing His Majesty’s Heralds, Purfuivants at Arms, an<,i State Trumpeters, in Ireland, for Three Years, from the 17th of March 1804 ----- ibid.

44 Geo. III. List of Appendix. 449

APP ENDIX. PAGE.

(No. 13.) lo# Decembris. —IRELAND—

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools in Ireland* from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 5'5-

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, from 5th January 1804 516.

ESTIMATE of Expences proposed to be incurred by the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religioo, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1S05 ... ibid.

• ESTIMATE of the Expences of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin, for young Criminals, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - 5*7-

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, to 5th January 1805 - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of supposed Expences of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - 51S.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - -- - - -- -- - * ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Dublin, for One Year, commencing 5th January ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry, Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 S'9-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, for One Year, ending 5th January 1805 - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, and of the Expence of opening and improving certain Avenues in the said City, 1803 520.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, from 5th January ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland, for the Year ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1805 - 521-

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - ibid.

(No. 14.) 1 2* Decembris. —IRELAND— ESTIMATE of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, for promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures, for One Year, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805 - - - - ibid.

(No. 15.) 13* Decembris. —IRELAND— ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in Circulation (including Bank Poll Bills payable after Seven Days fight) on the 1 ft of January, April, June, and September 1797, respectively ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in Circulation (including Bank Poll Bills payable after Seven Days fight) on the ift of April, May, and June, 1801, respectively 522.

- An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in Circulation (including Bank Post Bills payable after Seven Days fight) on the ift of June, August, October, and December 1802, and the id of February 1803, respectively ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland in Circulation (including Bank Post Bills, payable after Seven Days fight) on the ift of January, April, August, and October 1803, respectively} distinguishing the Amount of the several Descriptions of Notes below the value of Five Pounds - -- - ibid.

(No. 16.) 14* Decembris. ACCOUNT of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, and Sums of Money, expended under the Authority of the Act of the 41ft Geo. III. cap. 99, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, in the last Season, which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of Directions from the n VO

(No. 17.) 19° Decembris. fjw GENERAL RETURN of the Royal Army of Reserve, made up from the latest Returns received by the Inspector General - - An ACCOUNT of the Men raised in England and Wales for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, since the Commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the Number of the fame who have engaged for General Service j and of the Number of Eallotted Men, and Substitutes, who have been enrolled for the said Army, as tar as the fame can be ascertained - 5 24-5 26.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men raised in North Britain for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, lince the Commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the Number of the fame who have engaged for General Service} and of the Number of Ballotted Men, and Substitutes, who have been enrolled for the said Army, as far as the fame can be ascertained ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men raised in Ireland for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, lince the Commencement of the Act passed for that purpose} of the Number of the fame who have engaged for General Service; and of the Number of Ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Recruits enlilled for, and serving in, the said Army, as far as the fame can be ascertained - ibid.

S'Julii. RETURN of the Number of Men raised for the Royal Army of Reserve in Ireland, to 24th May 1804, with the Casualties of 527.

(No. 18.) 3* Februarii. —IRELAND— Twenty-ninth Report of the Commissioners of Account ibid.

- V

Vol. 59. 5 Y

450 List of Appendix. . 1804.

APPENDIX. PAGE.

(No. 19.) 8* Februa The ANNUAL ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Year ending the 31ft January 1804 - -- -- - - * 540.

(No. 20.) 8* Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Sums that will probably be required for the Service of the Barrack Department in Great Britain in the Year 1804 548.

(No. 21.) iO° Februarii. ACCOUNT frotn the Bank of England of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.6,287,941. ox. 8 d. in One Year, from 3d February 1803 to the 31ft January 1804, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt} and of the Receipt of £. 1,587,825. 11 /. $d. to be applied in the Quarter between the ifk February and the ift May 1804 - - . - 549-

(No. 22.) 3* Martii. —IRELAND— RESOLUTIONS reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts 1 relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland --- ----- 550-

(No. 23.) 19° Martii. LIST of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath'been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament 568.

17* Aprilis. LIST of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process bath been controuled, suspended, or prevented* under the Authority of the Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty, cap. 54. fee. 15, and which now remain inv Force. ----- --- 569*

(No. 24.) 21® Martii. STATE of the Accounts of the Britishi Museum 18035 and Estimate of Accounts for 1804 - ibid.

(No. 25.) 22® Martii. •; An ACCOUNT of all such Barracks as have been pulled down, or disposed of, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the Number of Men and Horses they were calculated to contain, and the several Sums they were fold for - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of all such Barracks as have been ere£led, or ordered to be eretted, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, the Places where they are situated, and the Number of Men and Horses they are calculated to contain j together with the several Dates of the Orders for eretting them respectively - ----- 570.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences which have severally attended the Erection of all such Barracks as have been eretted since the | Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, distinguishing such as have been built by Contract, Engagement, or otherwise ----- 57

' An ACCOUNT of the Dates of such Contrails or Agreements as have been entered into for all such Barracks as have been erected, or ordered to be ere#ed, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens, with the Terms and Conditions attending the fame 5 together with the Names of the Persons who have made such Contrafts or Agreements ibid.

(No. 26.) 23® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenues, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1804 - -- -- -- - S74-

20® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1804 - 578.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, taken for Two Years, ending respectively on 5th of January 1-803 and on 5th of January 1804 - - , - 582.

13® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending 5th January 584.

6® Apri. An ACCOUNT of the Official or rated Value of all Imports into Great Britain, exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and China, during the last Seven Years 5 distinguishing each Year, and the principal Articles imported - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Official or Rated Value of British Produce and Manufe#ures exported from Great Britain during the last Seven Years j distinguishing each Year, and the principal Articles - -- -- -- 585.

An ACCOUNT of the Official or rated Value of all Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain during the last Seven Years 5 distinguishing each Year, and die principal Articles exported - -- -- -- - ibid.

*6® Tar. An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with thd Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1804 - 5 86.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys ufbally employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th September in the Years 1802 and 1803 ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of dieir Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of England, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1804 - 587.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Scotland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1804 - ibid.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1803, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th day of January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt 5 together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied 588.

20* Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the fame flood on the ift Day of February 1804 - 59°-

An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, at ill February 1804 592.

26* Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th Day of January 1804 ----- 593-

14® Martii. An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1803 have been disposed of 5 distinguished under their 597.

_ •

44 Geo. III. List of Appendix. 451

APPENDIX. PAGE.

(No 27.) 2 70 Mar tit. -IRELAND— An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the PnWic Income of Ireland, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1804 ' 604.

9® M An ACCOUNT of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1S04 606.

27® Marin. S An ABSTRACT of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland, in One Year, from the 5th January 180J to the 5th January 18045 together with the Remains ibid.

5® Apr An ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports Into, and all Exports from Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1804 608.

27® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804 - 609.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland on the 30th of September 1803 ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5 th of January 1803 and the 5 th of January 1804 - 610.

14® An ACCOUNT, shewing bow the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, on the 5th January 1803; together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the (kid Yes^r in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied - 612.

9* Mat:. An ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the lame Rood on the 5th January 1804 ----- ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands Outstanding, on the 5th of January 1804 .... 614.

27® Martii. An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the-Year 1803# for Ireland, have been disposed of 5 distinguished under the several Heads; dated in Irish Currency - - - ibid

(No. 28.) 46® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, pafiTed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. 2.000,000 for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; inclosing (A) An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,400,000, being part of the Sum of £. 1,500,000, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain, to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require 615.

(No. 29.) 28® Martii. An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaffer General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25 ih December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive 616.

(No. 30.) 29® Martii. - r REPORT from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil Lid Revenue - 624.

30® Juuii. An ACCOUNT of the Estimated Charges on His Majesty’s Civil Lid Revenues, for the Quarter ending the 5th of April 1804 66$.

An ACCOUNT of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Quarter ending the 5th of July 1804 668.

7" >£/. ESTIMATE of the future Annual Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues - -- -- 670.

ESTIMATE of the Sums required for certain Occasional Services, for the Year 1804, which have hitherto been charged on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues - - - ----- *75-

9® ya/fV. An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Secretary of State’s Office for Foreign Affairs, for the Year 1803 ibid.

ABSTRACT of the Contingent Account of the Secretary of State’s Office for Foreign Affairs, for the Year 1803 - 676.

An ACCOUNT of the several Items included in the Civil List Account, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1804, under the Head of €i Extra Extraordinaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts, including Reimbursements for Expences incurred, and for. " Lodes sustained, in His Majesty’s Service Abroad". ----- ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the several Items included under the Head of " Presents to Foreign Ministers on (Jgning Conventions," in the Civil List Account, for the Year ended 5 th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- ibid.

An ACCOUNT shewing the Total Amount of Fees received in the Office of His Majesty’s Treasury, as well as of the Amount of the Charge upon the Fee Fund of the fame, for the Year to the 5th of January 18045 together with the Particulars of such Charge - - - -- -- -- -- -- - so

An ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Expenditure in the Fee Fund of the Secretary of State’s Office, Colonial, and War Department - -- -- -- -- -- -- - 678.

An ACCOUNT of Contingent Expences of the Colonial and War Department, paid in the Year ending 5th January 1804 - ibid.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Fees received in the Office of the Secretary of State for the Home Department, in the Year ending 5 th January 1804; with the Charges thereon - -- -- -- -- ibid.

CONTINGENT Expences of the Secretary of State's Office, Home Department, for the Year 1803 - - - 679.

(No. 31.) 5® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Flax Seed imported into Ireland, in the Years 1802 and 1803; setting forth the Quantity thereof branded found, and specifying the Ports ----- An ACCOUNT of the Quantity and Value of Linen exported from Ireland, in the Years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803; specifying the Places to which the lame were exported; and distinguishing the Quantity and Value on which Bounty was paid ibid. ibid.

25® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT of Irish Manufactured Linens exported, from the Union to the 5th'of January 18041 distinguishing each Year - ibid.

2r® A/a«. An ACCOUNT of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, distinguishing the Linens manufactured in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Union to the 5th January 18045 and distinguishing each Year ----- 680.

26® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT of the Duties received on the Export of Linens from Great Britain since the Commencement thereof; distinguisti-ing the Rate of Duty, the Number of Yards exported, and the Irish and the British Linens, as far as the fame can be ascertained i together with the Amount of Bounties paid thereon 5 and distinguishing each Year ----- ibid.

/ VoL. 59.

452

List of Appendix

A. 1804,

APPENDIX.

(No. 32.)

6° Aprilis.

17* Aprilis.

7* Maii.

(No. 33.)

6* Aprilis.

A LIST of the Regiments and Companies of the Iri<h Militia, which have made a voluntary Tender of their Services to be era-ployed in any Part of Great Britain during the War ——

A LIST of the further Regiments and Companies of the Irish Militia, which have made a voluntary Tender of their Services to be employed in any Part of Great Britain during the War ——

A LIST of the further Regiments and Companies of the Irish Militia* which have made a voluntary Tender of their Services to be employed in any Part of Great Britain during the War -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum wanted in the present Year, to defray the Sums awarded to be paid by the British Government, pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America - - " . -

PAGE,

680.

68 f.

ibid.

ibid.

(No. 34.)

6° Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 36, intituled, "An Act for raising * the Sum of Four Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1803," outstanding and unprovided for -

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 93, intituled, "An Act for railing " the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1803," outstanding and unprovided for. ——

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 146, intituled, t€ An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. 2,000,000, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," outstanding and Unprovided for

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 147, intituled, u An Act for raising u the Sum of £. 1,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1803/' outstanding and unprovided for-----

ibid.

682.

ibid.

ibid.

(No. 35.) io® Aprilis.

—IRELAND—

RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, of the 23d March 1804, fora Copy of any Orders made by His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, since the Union, affecting the HMf-Pay of Officers on the Irish Establiftnnent, when employed in England -

(No. 36.)

II. Aprilis.

(No. 37.) 12° Aprilis.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1804 -

An ESTIMATE of all Duties of Customs charged in Great Britain, and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th Day of January 1803, and the 5th Day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties ......

26® Aprilis.

23® Jnlii. 27® Aprilis.

16® Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Wine imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in Five Years, ending 5th January 1804; distinguishing each Year, and how much remained under Bond on the 5th January in each Year

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into, and of Raw and Refined Sugar exported from, Great Britain, in Three Years, ending 5th January 1804; and of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks and Bounties received thereon 5 distinguishing each Year ——

An ACCOUNT or Estimate of all Duties of Customs in Great Britain, charged and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, «n the 5th April 1803, and on the 5th April 1804, respectively$ distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties -

An ESTIMATE of all the Duties charged in Great Britain, and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th Day of January 1803 and the 5th Day of January 1804 respectively ®, distinguishing the several Articles j and temporary from permanent Duties, so far as relates to the Revenue of Excise in England -

An ESTIMATE of all the Duties charged, and outstanding in Bond, or otherwise, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, on the 5th of January 1803 and 1804 respectively; distinguishing the several Articles * and temporary from permanent Duties ——

ibid.

ibid.

68 3. 684.

ibid.

ibid.

6S6.

ibid.

(No. 38.) 17# Aprilis. —IRELAND— An ACCOUNT of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, that will become payable in the Year 1804 ----- 688.

(No. 39.) 17* Aprilis. —IRELAND— ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting, and Contingencies, for His Majesty’s Land Forces in Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Ireland, including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ----- ibid.

- PARTICULARS of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Ireland, Including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1803 to 24th % 6^0.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to Principal Officers of the several Departments therein-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from 25th Deceml>er 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 691.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and ethers, on Quartering Soldiers; of an Allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain, on whom Soldiers may be quartered; of an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small Beer; and of an Allowance to the Non commimoned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March in Ireland $ from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom j from 251I1 December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 692.

- ESTIMATE 1

44 Geo. III.

List of Appendix.

453

APPENDIX.

(No. 39.)

170 Ap

continued.

(No. 40.)

18* Aprilis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclutive, being 366 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of The States General; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days -

ESTIMATE of tl;e Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, From the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and of the Internal Kxpenees of the said Hospitals, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1804 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Department in Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, including the Provision of Medicaments, Bedftends, and Bedding, for General and Regimental Hospitals; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the further Sum required for Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, on account of Expences incurred in the Year 1803

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive,

being 366 Days ...... - ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1804; inclosing -

(No. 1.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the General Staff of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1804 -

(No. 2.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1804 - -- -- -- - - ......

(No. 3.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences of the Junior Department of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1804 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, within the Year 1804, on Account of the Royal Military’ Asylum at Chelsea ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Companies for Garrison Service in the West Indies and America, from*25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Military Establishment:* of the United Kingdom, in the Year 1804

VOL. 59.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1804 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Islands) from the ift of January to the 31 ft of December 1804 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1804 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January to the 31ft Of December 1804 ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the xftof January to the 31st of December 1804 - r - - * - - "

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward's Island, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804 ----- ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1804 ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804 -

ESTIMATE of the purge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804 - -- -- -- - ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty-Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1804 - -- -- - - -- ......

ESTtM ATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 43d Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1804 - - ......

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of tills Kingdom, in the Year 1803 - ......

An ESTIMATE of the Expences that may probably be incurred for the Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, See. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, for the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the Year 1804 -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons; for printing and delivering the Votes 5 and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament ......

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that may be incurred for printing 1,750 Copies of the 57th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons ......

ESTIMATE

5*

PAGE.

692.

ibid.

ibid.

693*

694.

ibid.

ibid.

695.

ibid.

ibid.

696.

ibid.

ibid.

697.

698.

ibid.

ibid.

699.

ibid, ibid, ibid.

700. ibid. ibid, ibid.

701.

ibid.

702.

ibid.

ibid, ibid.

ibid.

7°3-

454 List of Appendix. A. 1804.

APPENDIX. (No. 40.) 18® Aprilis. continued. ' — An.ESTIMATE of the Expence that maybe incurred for re-printing, in ttye proportion of eight Volumes a Year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of this House, in the last Sch.on ol An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in the Year 1803, under the directions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, lor PAGE. /©J- ibid.

vNo. 41 •)

20® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for Two Years, from March 1802 to March 1SG4 ibium

(No. 42.) An ACCOUNT of the Number and Nature of His Majesty’s Ships and Vesselsin Commission, and of Hired Aimed Ships and Vessels,

24® Aprilis. and of all other Ships, Vessels, and Boats, armed for the Public Service, at the Periods therein mentioned - 704.

25® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines in His Majesty’s Service, so far as the lame can be made up from the

Returns in the Navy Office, and from the Returns received at the Admiralty, from the Commanding Officers of the Divisions ot ibid.

Mamies, and the Officers employed in railing Men, on the 31st of December 1793, IJth March 1794, and 15th March 1804 -

24® Aprilis. An ACCOUNT, shewing the Number of Shipwrights and Artificers employed in His Majesty’s Dock. Yards, on the ift of March

ibot, 1803, and 1804, respectively; distinguishing Shipwrights from Artificers - - - 1*3-

(No. 43.) An ACCOUNT of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports and Exports of

25® Aprilis. Ireland, during Seven Years, to the $ta Day of January 1803, has been estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union, and to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, lince; distinguishing each Year, and each Article - - 706.

(Nch 44.) An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred for Works done at the TwoHousesof Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of

26® Aprilis. the House of Commons, between the 31ft Day of May 1803 and the 2+th Day of April j 804 ----- 711

An ACCOUNT of the Sum wanted to defray the Expence of Works done adjoining the OhJ Chapter House, now the Public Record Office, at Westminster ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the King’s Bench Prison . 712.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum which wull be wanted to complete the Works carrying on at Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent; under the Authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty, cap. 80, for creating a Lazaret there ibid.

(No. 45*) GENERAL ABSTRACT of the Subdivision Rolls returned for the several Counties, Distri&s, and Place; in Great Britain, pursuant

7® Mali. to the Provisions of the Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96, as far as the fame can be made up - -- - ibid

(No. 46.) " RETURN to an Order of the House, of the 16th of April 1804, for an Account of all subsisting P< "ms gi.m.j the Crown

70 Maii. M during Pleasure, or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer 5 specifying the Amount of such Pentium a-1;>gi u dy, and the

" Times when, and the Persons to whom, and for whole Benefit, l’uch Pensions were granted" > 7r3-

22® J i A LIST of all Pensions granted on the Establishment of Ireland, up to the ift of January 1804; specifying the Date, and Continuance

71S.

(No. 47.) —IRELAND.—

9® Maii. An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £.650,000 (£.600,000 British) granted to His Majesty, to defray the

Extraordinary Services of the Army, in Ireland, for the Year 1803; with the Dates of their relpcdtive Payments - - - 723-

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of £,290,807. ioj. IId. Part of £.541,666. 13/. 4d. (£.500,000 Bdtiffi) granted in Session 1803, to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Alfairs may require, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland - 742.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution. of the Sum of £.47,788. 7/. 6d. Part of £.54,166. 13/. 4d. (£. 50,0c0. British) granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Contingent Expences in Ireland, for the Year 1803; with the Dates of the respective Payments 743-

(No. 48.) ACCOUNTS of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of the Veterinary College, from 1795 to 1803, inclusive - 744*

18® M ACCOUNTS of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Veterinary College, for the Years ending 22d February 1802, 1803, and

745-

ACCOUNTS of the Debts of the Veterinary College, for the Years ending the 22d February 1802, 1803, and 1804 - . 746.

(No. 49.) An ACCOUNT of all Monies paid by the Treasury of Ireland, to Officers, or other Persons, for Public Service in Great Britain,

23® M since ift January 1801; specifying the Date and Mode of each Payment, and in what Item of the Iffiues of the Treasury they are

included ----- - - -- -- 747-

(No. 50.)

l* Junii. An ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffia, and from

Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or. Coinage Duties, Poll: Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy and

Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Yeais, according to the latest Advices 5 together with the fated Ultimate of the fame 743-

An ACCOUNT

List of Appendix*

44 Geo. III.

455

APPENDIX.

(No. 50.)

i° Junii,

continued.

1-----;

240 Apr His.

(No. 51.) 18® J

(No. 52.)

18® Ju

(No. 53;)

20® Junii.

(No. 54.) 27° Junii.

(No. 55.) 28® J

(No. 56.) 30 Junii.

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude;—distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Culloms, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latelt Advices*, together with the latest Eliimate of the fame - - - - ......

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahai, and Oriifa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Polt Office Collections, BenareN Revenue, Oude bubiidy and Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1802-3; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; and the Charges or Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs; Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Fauns and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Eliimate of the fame

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fartie under the refipective Heads of. Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Eliimate of the fame -A COMPARISON, of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and tl e Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of. Mint or Coinage Duties, P-.dc-Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, See.; Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1802-3; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said . Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame respectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices;

together with the latell Eliimate of the fame - -

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the larch Estimate of the lame -A COMPARISON of the Eitimated and ACiual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1802-3; and of the Charges defrayed for tire fame Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the fame respectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs - - - - * * * * t

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the fame can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively,

for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latelt Eitinrate of the fame - -

An ACCOUNT of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the

latest Advices; together with the latest Eliimate of the fame ......

AMOUNT of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest

Advices ......

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to ift day of March 1804; containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the East India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contraft Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and Afloat . - - - - " ■. * ' * . " ~ " " * "

ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Interest of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. cap. 13. as required by the 72ft Section of the said Act; and all’o, an Estimate of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1804 ......

■\n ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Proceeds of the 41 per-Cent. Duty, from the ift Day of January t8oi to the ill Day of January 1804; distinguishing each Year, as received by the Hufoand ......

A11 ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of 4 >-per-Cent. which remained unsatisfied on the 5th of April 1804} together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof ......

An ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of 4 < per-Cent. payable at the Exchequer, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th of April 1S04; together witii the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof ...... ......

An Act COUNT of the Sums received in the Exchequer upon the Duty of 4 J-per-Cent, from the jth of January 1801 to the

5th cf January 1804; distinguishing each Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that has been, and will be incurred, in consequence of the Orders given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for increasing the Naval Defence of the Country, since the 15th May 1804

PARTICULARS of the Account, made up to the ift March 1804, by which the East India Company claims from Government the Sum of £. 4,018,000 - * - -

—IRELAND—

An ACCOUNT of the Cacti Balances in the hands of the Collectors of Excise and Customs, respectively, on the 5th day of January 1804, and the Amount thereof remaining in their hands on the 14th of January, as returned by the Clerk of the Revenue to the Treasury of Ireland ......

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament - ......

ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Vote for defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1803 - ......

VOL. 59.

PAGE.

748.

749-

750.

ibid.

IS1'

752.

ibid.

ibid.

753'

ibid.

ibid.

754-

756.

766.

767. ibid, ibid.

768.

ibid.

769.

770.

ibid.

456 List of Appendix. 1804

APPENDIX. 1 (No. 57 ) 2° J An ACCOUNT of the Grofs Produce of the Stamp Duties, for the Year ended the 5th day of January 1804; distinguishinp-, as far as pollible, the Amount arising from each Document, Article, Instrument, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches _ PAGE. 770.

*.9 oo A further ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to AddreiTes of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament 773-

(No. 59.) 3° STATEMENT of the Annual Efliroated Colt and Charges, and Sale Amount, of the Company’s Sales in England, from the Year ending lit March 1799 to lit March 1804, respectively; diitinguishing the India from the China Goods ----- ibid.

V (No. 60.) 3* Julii. —IRELAND— An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of Corapen&tions awarded by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting Allowances 4< to Bodies Con>0fate, and Individuals, in respect of those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall ctafe to lend any Member " to Parliament alter the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discon^inued, or " diminished in Value," to Persons whose Offices were discontinued or diminished in Value by the Union; diitinguishing particularly, the Days on which such Compensations were awarded, and the Persons by name to whom, and the Dates of the respective Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments* under which such Persons respectively held the Offices in right whereof such Compensations were awarded; and the Amount thereof in the whole ' - ibid.

(No. 61.) 3* Juli DIRECTIONS respecting the Reading Room of the British Museum 5 approved 14th January 1803 A PLAN for the more ealy Admission to the British Museum, being the Regulations now in force; approved 8th June 1804 779- ibid.

(No. 62. ' 3° Julii. —IRELAND— ACCOUNTANT GENERAL’S Abstract, for the Week ending 5th of January 1804, for Ireland An ACCOUNT of Payments made by the Exchequer in Ireland, in the Year ending the 5th January 1802, under such Heads as are chargeable on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom; distinguishing such Payments as were made for Services prior to ill January 1801, from such Payrae. ts as were made towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom for that Year 780., 782.

(No. 63.) $ Julii. RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty . 7»3-

(No. 64.) 4* J —IRELAND— An ABSTRACT, shewing the Amount of Sums raised, and the Increase thereby, of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, ftnee the Union, to the 5th of January 1804; the Amount of Charges thereon; and the Produce of the Taxes imposed, so far as the fame can be ascertained; for the Year ended 5 th of Jan uary 1804; with an Estimate of any further Produce of the said Taxes that may be expected Annually 798.

(No. 65.) 6'jHlii. PARTICULARS of the Sum of £. 1,501,666, received from Government by the East India Company, including Interest at 4 per-Centum per Annum, to the ill March 1804 - ----- ibid.

(No. 66.) 90 Julii. —IRELAND— An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Nett Payments into the Treasury of Ireland, from the Ordinary Revenues, in the Year ending the 5th January 1804; the Amount of the Annual Interelc and Charges of the Funded Debt of Ireland as it now Hands, including all Annuities payable in respect of Monies at any time heretofore advanced; and also, of the Annual Interest payable on An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Funded Debt of Ireland on the 25th March in each Year, from the 25th March 1784 to 1801, and on the ill of January 1S01, 1802, 1803, and 1804; together with the Amount Created fmee ill January 1804, by ‘Loans; and the Debt as it now Hands ----- An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General, on the 5th of January 1803 and 5th of January 1804, respectively; and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury for Stamp Revenue in each Year, ending on the An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Poll Office Revenue, unpaid to the Treasury, on 5th January 1803 and 1804, respectively; and the Total Nett Payments into the Treasury in each Year, ending on the said Days - An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of Payments made to the Treasury by the General Poll Office, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803» and from 5th January 1803 to 5 th January 1804 - -- - -. 7 ibid. 80a ibid. ibid.

(No. 67.) io" J An ACCOUNT of the Cash belonging to the separate Fund of the East India Company, from the Year 1793, inclusive, to the ift of March 1804, and of all Appropriations or Payments made from that Fund in the same Period ibid.

(No. 68.) 10° Julii. An ABSTRACT of the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, in pursuance of an Act of the 43d Year of His present Majesty, being a Summary of the County Totals, and Grand Total of the Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England and Wales, for the Year ending Eulter 1803; to which is subjoined, the Amount of Charitable Donations - - " * - * " * " * "* * " * * " " 802.

(No. 69.) x 1* Julii. ABSTRACT of an Account of the Public Expenditure in Ireland, in the Year 1801, so far as relates to the Heads of Expenditure charged on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom; distinguishing such Part of the said Expenditure as was for Services prior to the Year 1801, from such Part as was incurred within the said Year - - 805.

(No. 70.) 16* J An ACCOUNT of the Silver Bullion imported into His Majesty’s Mint, and the Amount of Silver Monies Coined, from the 18th Day of March 1797, to the 31ft Day of December 1803: Specifying the Dates when the Bullion was received - ibid.

appendix.

[ 457 ]

A P P E N D I X,

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate"of His Majesty’s NAVY; for the year 1804.

to0 1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

i°.

11.

12. 13-H-

15.

16. 17* 18.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing^ the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies, relating thereto - - " - - - - * " * - " - "

Superannuated Sea Officers j£*57>47° 4 5 7

Pensions, and other Allowances ...... ----- 19*615 2 3j

► Yards -

rChatham I Deptford ) Woolwich ) Portsmouth I Sheerness L Plymouth

13*345 8 f) 11,583 13 —

11.790 9 10 1

*9*34 4 3 ? 10,667-----I

15.790 11 8J

Muster-master, and other Officers of the Out-Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ...... -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of Harbour Mooring and Harbour Rigging ——

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. -

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, &c. - - - - ......

Bounty to Chaplains ...... -

Charge of the Victualling Efiabliffiment ......

Charge of the Sick and Wrounded Establiffiment

£■ '■ d-124,776 16 1 77,085 6 8

82,411 6 ii

9>®29 >6 S 7°>377 3 8 49,237 3 40,800 — ——

108,340-----

266,442 17 6 3,467 10 — 69,34° 12 4 19,76i 17 —

1,020,670 9 9

4

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the year 1804, amounts to One Million Twenty thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

A. S. Hamond. H. Duncan. J. lVm Rule.

IV. Palmer. H. Harmood. S. Gambler. F. Hartwell.

B. Tucker. 0. Markham.

* NAVY OFFICE, 29th NoV' 1803.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Head* of Wrear and Tear and Ordinary; for the year 1804.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repair. Time when may be Charge of their TOTAL.

r Taken in Hand. ^1 Completed. HulJ», Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£■ £-

DEPTFORD - - 74 Fame - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain. 4,500 500 5,000

— Bombay - - Ordered to be built - 1,00# - - 1,000

Yacht (New) No. 1. Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 600 - - 600

No. 2. Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 1*000 800 1,800

Vessel for digging Soil - Ordered to be built - - * - - . - 1,050 150 1,200

Vessel for removing Soil Ordered to be built - - 1,830 170 2,000

36 Melampus - Large Repair - - - In Hand Mar. 1804 - 6;oooo 4,000 10,000

38 Latona - - f Between Middling ) \ and Large Repair J la Hand - Mar. 1804 - 6,000 4,000 10,000

36 Thalia - - Large Repair - - - April 1804 - Uncertain - 15,000 5,°°° 20,000

38 Unite - - Middling Repair - - May 1804 - Uncertain - 13,°°° 3,000 j 16,000

20 Volage - - Small Repair - - - Uncertain - Uncertain - 1,000 * •; 1,000'

Total - - £. 50,980 17,620 1 68,600

Vol. 59. 6 A

Appendix, (No. 1.)

2 90 Novem

1803.

L.__________1

456

Appendix. A. 1803.

APPL

19’ Novembris,

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continued.

Building, Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. or Nature of their Repair. t Taken in Hand. Completed. r lulls, Mafu and Yard? Rigging and Stores. TOTAL.

• £■ £-

WOOLWICH - - 98 Ocean - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 18,000 - - 18,000

38 Lively * - Building - - - - In Hand Nov. 1804 - 15,000 8,000 23,000

74 Invincible - Ordered to be built - - . - 6,000 - - 6,oooo

36 Loweftoffe - Ordered to be built - - - 3,000 - - 3,000

64 Diadem f Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - j In Hand Odr 1804 - 6,000 4,000 10,000

44 Repommee - f Between Middling 7 I and Large Repair j July 1804 - Uncertain - 3,000 - - 3,000

3» Cleopatra - I Between Middling 7 ( -and Large Repair J In Hand June 1804 - 12,000 - - 12,000

44 Sybil le - - y Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair J Odr 1804 - Uncertain - 2,000 - - 2,000

For such Ships as may be ordered in the course of tl fie year to be repaired - - 4,000 6,000 10,000

Total 69,000 18,000 87,000

CHATHAM - - 98 Impregnable To complete her frame ... ... 2,000 2,000

36 Meleager - To complete her frame - - 3,000 - - 3,000

— Iphigenia - To complete her frame - - - - " - 3,000 - - 3,000

74 Revenge Building - - - * In Hand Uncertain -- 14,000 6,000 20,000

98 Atlas - - y Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - j In Hand Mar. 1804 - 9,000 7,000 16,000

9° Namur - - Large Repair - - - April 1804 - Uncertain - 15,000 3,000 18,000

64 Veteran Middling Repair - - Mar. 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 17,000 3,000 20,000

— Polyphemus Middling Repair - - Mar. 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 18,000 3,000 21,000

Total - - - L 81,000 22,000 103,000

SHEERNESS . - 38 La Forte - Ordered to be built ... 1 | ‘ - 6,410 - - 6,410

Total I - - - £■ 6,410 - - . 6,410

PORTSMOUTH - 74 Scipio - - Ordered to be built - / m m . 6,000 6,000

Sloop Brazen - - Ordered to be built - 5,5oo 1,500 7,000

98 Queen - - Large Repair - - - In Hand Mar. 1804 - 8,760 240 9,000

74 Montagu - Large Repair - - - In Hand Feb. 1804 - 6,000 - 6,000

98 Barfleur y Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - j In Hand May 1804 - 17,600 400 18,000

74 Ajax - - Middling Repair - - In Hand Feb. 1804 - 14,140 860 15,000

— Zealous - - Middling Repair - - Mar. 1804 - Aug1 1804 - 11,840 2,160 14,000

— Saturn - - f Betv/een Middling 7 \ and Large Repair j Mar. 1804 - Sept. 1804 - 16,000 2,000 18,000

— Alexander - Middling Repair - - April 1804 - Aug1 1804 - 15,000 2,000 17,000

— Vengeance - Middling Repair - - June 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 14,500 1,500 16,000

— Bellona y Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair j Aug1 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 20,000 1,000 21,000

38 Arethusa - y Between Small and 7 £ Middling Repair - j 0&r 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 5,010 990 6,000

36 La Nymphe Middling Repair - - Sept. 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 5,000 1,000 6,000

Total - - - H5,35o 13,650 159,000

PLYMOUTH - - 120 Caledonia - Ordered to be built - — — m m 4,000 4,000

98 Union - - Ordered to be built - 2,000 . 2,000

' 110 Hibernia - Building - - - - In Hand Aug. 1804 - 18,000 6,000 24,000

74 Warrior Large Repair - - - In Hand Feb. 1804 - 6,000 2,000 8,000

80 Cefar - y Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - j Feb. 1804 - Aug. 1804 - 12,300 4,700 17,000

— Pompee Middling Repair - - Jan. 1804 - Odr 1804 - 21,000 5,000 26,000

74 . Audacious - Middling Repair - - Jan. 1804 - July 1804 - 13,000 5,000 18,000

— Captain f Between Middling") \ and Large Repair j Nov. 1804- Aug. 1805 - 6,000 3,000 9,000

38 Pr‘Charlotte Middling Repair - - In Hand Jan. 1804 - 2,500 2,000 4,500

50 Jupiter - - Middling Repair - - Feb. 1804 - May 1804 - 8,500 3,5oo 12,000

74 Bedford Middling Repair - - June 1804 - Dec. 1804 - 19,000 5,000 24,000

Total - £. 12.70 1 3(V‘f-o 148,500

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

459

r Estimate of the Charge of w hat may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continued.

Building" Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. or, Nature of their Repair. r Taken in Hand. Completed. ! lull*, Mali* daJ \ ariLv \ lining and ;.toro:>. TOTAL.

MILFORD - - - 7+ Milford - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain 6,480 2,000 8,489

44 Lavinia— - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - 14,060 3,000 17,060

Sloop Nautilu* Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 7*° 1,580 2,300

Total - - - - 21,260 V 6,580 27,840

MERCHANTS YARDS:

RIVER THAMES - 74 Eagle - - Building - - - - In Hand Dec. 1803 - 11,170 7,37° 18,540

BURSLEDON - - Sloop Fly - - - Building - - - - In Hand Jan. 1804 - 4,020 1,810 5,830

BUCKLERSHARD 74 Swiftfure Building - - - - in Hand Mar. 1804 - 13,07° 6,210 19,280

YARMOUTH - - Sloop Cygnet - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 2,oGo 1,810 3,870

— Ariel - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 2,960 1,810 4,770

— Helena - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 2,300 1,810 4,no

Brig Musquito - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 3,020 1,810 4,830

DARTMOUTH - Sloop Brisk - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 4,10° 1,820 5.9'io

— Wolf - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 1,830 1,810 3,640

— Martin - - Building - - - - In Hand Dec. 1803 - 3,010 1,810 4,820

DOVER - Kingsii lher - Building - - - - In Hand Jan. 1804 - 2,940 1,810 4,75o

BRISTOL - - - Sloop Albecore Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 3,100 1,820 4,920

FALMOUTH - - Brig Dispatch Building - - In Hand Mar. 1804 - 2,880 1,200 4,080

HULL — Scout - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - 3,860 l,8lO 5,670

Sloop Otter - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain - ^030 l,8lO 6,840

LYNN - - - * — Kangaroo - Building - - - - In Hand Dec. 1803 - 4,810 l,8lO 6,6-20

HASTINGS - - - Sloop (New) - - Building - - - - In Hand July 1804 - 4,000 l,8lO 5,810

FRINSBURY - - 74 Abonkir Contracted for - - - 15,84° - - - 15,840

38 La Pomone Contracted for - - - 17,250 2,110

— (New) - - Contracted for - - - 6,800 6,800

LYNN - - - * Brig (New) - - Contracted for - 2,760 - - - 2,760

DARTMOUTH - 36 (New) N° 1. Con traded for - - - - 8,? 00 3,23° 11 >43°

36 (New) N° 2. Con traded for - - - 5,9Co 3,23° 9»i9°

Brig Ferret - - Con traded for - - - 2,830 1,190 4,020

— Swallow Contracted for - - - 2,110 1,190 3,3°°

Sloop Star - - - Contracted for - - - 2,110 1,810 8*920

RIVER THAMES - Brig (New) - - Contracted for - 2,760 - - - 2,760

— (New) - - Contracted for - - - 2,760 ... 2,760

BUCKLERSHARD 38 (New) - - Contracted for - - - * 6,800 - - - 6,800

TOPSHAM - - - Brig (New) - - Centruded for - - - m m — mm — 2,760 - - - 2,760

DOVER - (New) - - Contracted for - - - 2,760 - - - 2,760

— (New) - - Contracted for - - - 2,760 ... 2,760

FALMOUTH - - — (New) - - Contracted for - - - m - 2,760 - -- - 2,760

BERWICK ... Brig (New) - - Contracted for - - - •» «• m — 2,520 - - - 2,520

BURSLEDON - - 38 (New) - - Contracted for - - - 6,800 - - - 6,800

ROCHESTER - - — (New) - - Contracted for - - - 6,800 - - - 6,800

HASTINGS - - - Brig (New) - ’ - Contracted for - - - 2,760 - 2,760

HARWICH - - - 38 (New) - - I Contracted for - - - 6,800 - - - 6,800

1 Total - - - 187,060 52,900 239,060

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards - 465,040 107,470 572>5»«>

Total for the Ships at Milford - 21,260 6,580 27,840

Total for the Ships in the Merchants Yards - 187,060 5*>9°o 1130,960

GRAND TOTAL for the Ships - £ 573,360 166,050 840,310

Appendix, (No. i.) 29* Novem Continued.

4G0

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

29* Neven iris, place whore.

rout timed.

WOOLWICH - -

Lftmu'.e of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding*, uud Repairs of Ships of War, txc.—continued.

CHATHAM

PORTSMOUTH -

PLYMOUTH - -

On WORKS of the YARDS.

Towards completing as much of tho Wharf Wall, Landing Place, and Look-out, as can be complied with ----- - ....

Total

- c

To fit the Berths and Complete the New Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf whea the Hemp is removed -

To build a New Chapel in the Dock Yard -

Total -

To carry on the Stone W harf and Dam at the North Boundary of the Yard -

To carrying on and building Locks, with Maiihoules over them, in the inner Mad Pond To excavate a TunHel and build a Brick Drain from the Soulh-ealt Dock in the Balou to the Malt Pond -

To build a Hawser House on the North Side of the Entrance into the Bason -To complete the Cellars on the ltelervoir -

To complete the Buddings over the Kekrvoir for carrying on various Works by Machinery -To lav down Pipes for coineying Water to different Parts of the Yard -To set back about Three Courles ot Alaionry from the Top of the Camber Docks, and raise the Ground to the Level of the Yard -

To build a Foundry^ ered a Steam Engine, and Machinery for Copper and Iron, with a Coal Yard adjoining ——

To build a Coal Yard for the Smiths Store-room and Shop, for repairing Brodie’s Firehearths

Total - - £.

Towards completing the Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the Weft Front of the Rope-

house, to form the Road in front of the said Houses, and the Turn round White House Hill Towards blowing and levelling the Rock at White House Hill -

Towards a new Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioner’s Lodgings Towards digging away the Rock that the Old Rope House ltood on, and Sail Green, and building Slope Walls ——

Towards digging away the Rock that the higher Old Storehouse stood on, See. -Towards building the East Crol's intermediate New Storehoute -

Towards building the Slope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars, and Necessaries at the Back of the Officers new Offices ——

Towards digging away the Rock at the Back of the Officers new Offices and Slopes Towards building a New Painters Shop, agreeably to the Plan To build a Reservoir for the Water brought inlide the Yard Gates

To building a new Foundry ——

To creeling new Machinery for cutting Blocks, See. -

Towards building the Wharf Wall at the Bason, New Boat Pond, and Landing Place

Total - £.

GRAND TOTAL for the Works or thr Yard* - - - - £.

5,80®

5,800

1.000

4.000

6,000

(20,000

15,000

‘2,020

600

1,000

2.500 4o<*>

1.500

11,000 2,300

60,420

50a

600

1.500

1.000

5.000

4.000

*,000

500

2.000

1.500

1.000 500

2.500

21,600

93,820

ABSTRACT:

For Ships in the King’s Yards

For Ships in the Merchants \rards

For Ships at Milford

Towards Improvements in the Yard*

C Hulls, Masts, and Yards - - 465,040

\ and Stores - 107,470

C Hulls, Masts, and Yard* - - 187,060

X anil Stores - - - 52,900

C Hulls, Masts, and Yards - - 21,260

X Rigging and Stores - - - 6,580

GRAND TOTAL

C

572,5io

239,960

27,840

93,820

934,i3

Viz.

The Sum of Nine Hundred Thirty-four Thousand One Hundred and Thirty Pounds.

Iftm*.

The following Items were not considered at the Time of forming the foregoing Estimate; viz.

BERMUDA - - - - To building Two Sloops

To building Twelve Advice Boats

- 9,35

- 5,040

Total

to the foregoing Sum of -

- 14,390 which being added

- 934*130

Will increase the GRAND TOTAL to - £• 948,520

A. S. Hamond. H. Duncan.

H. Harmood. S. Cam bier•

J. Hettjlow. fVm Rule. W. Paimer.

F. J. Hartwell. B. Tucker. O. Markham.

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 461

' " Appendix,

Transport Office, lft December 1803. (I\o. 2.)

AN ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Transport Service, and the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, i* DecembrtS.

» ill Health, at Home and Abroad, from the ill January to the 3ill December 1804. i j

For the Transport Service - - - * -

For the Service of Prisoners of War, in Health, at Home and Abroad -

£ . d.

709,249 \> 8

220,166 8 1

929,415 17 9

Rup' George. Ambrose Serle. Hamilton. E.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, 30th Nov. 1803.

An ESTIMATE of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, in the year 1804.

January February March -

April May -June

July -

Au gull -

September

October

November

December

£. #. d.

----- 5,000--

----- - 2,000--

...... 3>°00--’

...... 5,000---

...... 3>°°°---

----- - 2,000-

...... - - 5,000-

- - - - 2,000-

- ...... 3,000---

...... - 5,600-

...... 3,oo°-----

----- - 4,000--

42,000-

The Sura Total is Forty-two Thousand Pounds.

•Jrf Harness. W. Gibbons. J. Weir.

An ACCOlJNTof the Amount of Notes of the Bank of England, in Circulation on the ill of June, the lft of August, the lft of October, and the 25th of November, 1803 ;—diltinguishing the Amount of those that were below the Value of Five Pounds.

Amount of B A N K of E N G LAND Notes of FIVE POUNDS each, and upwards, including Bank Post Bills payable Seven Days after Sight:

On lft June - - 1803,

ill August - 1803,

lft October - 1803,

25th November - 1803,

£ 11,847,540.

- 13,013,180.

- 12,570,500.

- >3)502,690.

Appendix, (No. 3.)

2® Decembris.

Amount of BANK of ENGLAND NOTES of ^.5. and £. j. each.

On ill June lit A11 gull -lft 0<\‘ob*v 25th November - 1803, -1803, -1803, -1803, - 3,253,600. 3.721,330- 4,052,010. 4,429,240. Wm Walton,

Bank of England, 2d December 1803. } Acc‘ Gen1.

VOL. 59. 6 B

462

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

2* Dicembrts.

<-----sy-----'

■ESTIMATE of the Charge of GUARDS, GARtllSONS, and other His Majesty’* LAND FORCES, in the United Kingdonl of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th Dtecetnber 1803 to the 24th December 1804', both inclusive; being 366 Days.

CORPS.

Guards°f-Llf* } Th* Earl of IIarrineton’s

ad Ditto - - Lord Cathcarts -

Royal Reg* «fKhe Duke of Richmond’s Horle Guards J

id Reg1 of Dragoon Guards ad Ditto - -

3d Ditto - -

4th Ditto - -

5th Ditto - -Oth Ditto - -7th Ditto - . -lit Reg* of Dragoon* -ad Ditto -3d Ditto - -4th Ditto - -

6th Ditto - -7th DittoLight Ditto - -9th Ditto Dragoons - -

loth DittoLight Ditto - -11th Ditto - -12th Ditto - -13th Ditto - -

14th Ditto - -15th Ditto - -16th Ditto - -17th Ditto - -18th Ditto - -aoth Ditto - -aid Ditto - -

23d Ditto - -

| Sir William A. Pitt’s

Marquis Townffield’s r Sir William Fawcett s -Major General Staxely’s General Thomas Inland’s The Ehrl of Carhumpton’f-Sir William Medows’s -

| Major General.Garth s -

Sir David Dundas’s - -Lord Grey’s ——

Lord Dorchester’s - -The Earl of Pembroke’s

| Lord Paget’s - - -Sir James S* Clair Erskine's

► The Prince of Wales’s -

The Marquis of Lothian’s Sir Ja‘ Me wart Denham’s General Francis Craig’s -The Earl of Bridgewater's The Duke of Cumberland General Harcourt’s - -

Lieut.General Dc Lancey’s TheMarquis of Drogheda’fc Lord Heath field’s - -

Lieut. General Tarleton’s Lieut. General Floyds

The Royal Wag- ) Co,onel Hmnilton.s.

gon 1 rain - ^,

’^Guards The Duke of Gloucester’* ColdllreamDitto, The Duke of York's 3d Ditto - - The Duke of Argyll's -

3d Regtoffo«t, Two Bati* 4th Ditto -5th Ditto -•th Ditto -9th Ditto -14th Ditto -15th Ditto -16th Ditto -

General Hall’s - -

The Earl of Chatham's -Lieut. General England's General Ralph Dundas's General A. Bertie's - -General Ilotham's - -

General Powell’s - - -Lieut. General Bowyer's General Garth's -

17th Ditto -

l8Ul °BaJW-}Sif Jdme* Pultene/»

tid Ditto - -23d Ditto - -

14th Ditto - -115th Ditto - -*6th Ditto, Two BattM -*8lh Ditto, Two Bait*" -30th Ditto, Two Butt04 -$id Ditto - -

2d Ditto - -36th Ditto - -38th Ditto - -39th Ditto

General William Gordon's General Grenviile s - -General Whyte's - - -Lord George Hen. Lennox’s

• Lieut. Gen1 Andw Gordon's > General Prelcott's - -

■ Lieut. General Manners's

Lord Mnlgrave's - - -General Ogilvie's - -General Sl John's - -General Rooke’s -

BaU*, W- } *ienera^ ^kett Balfour’s 40th Ditto - - Sir George Osborne's

43d | Sir Hetfor Monro's -

43d Ditto - - General Smith's -

44th D.tto.Two ? n 1D.

Baft04 - { General Rainstords - -

45th Ditto - - General Liter's -

4^>th D.tto - - Sir James i iei.ry Craig's

47th o 7 qclJerkl Dalrymple’s

Carried forward -

Numbers. Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloathing for Nen-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency Annual Allowances to Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Matters; Extra Allowance for Farriery j and Allowance for Great Coats.' TO! y-v

( £■ '■ d. £■ *• d. £■ «• d. £■ *■ d. f £■ 3. (1.

415 35.895 4

412 35,477 7

4s 3 36,715 18 —

i>3io

1,083 49,146 3 6 5,388 2 5 6*3 3 2 1,284 5 — 56,431 H 1

905 _ 41,542 10 6 4-494 6 9 5>6 — 3 1,080 9 3 47.633 6 9

»‘»5 - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

9°S - 41,542 10 6 4-494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 <5 9

9°5 - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 y 3 47.633 6 9

905 - 41,542 10 6 4.494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 9

905 - - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

903 - - 41,542 i* 6 4>494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

9°S . 41,542 10 6 4.494 6 9 516 - 3 1,080 9 3 47.633 6 9

906 - 41,579 2 6 4>50° '3 11 516 7 11 1,080 l6 IO 47,677 1 2

90s - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47.633 6 9

905 - - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

905 - - 41,342 10 6 4.494 <5 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

9°5 - - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

905 - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

90s . 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47.633 6 9

005 - 41,54- 10 6 4,494 6 9 516’ — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

9()S - 4',542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

905 - 41,542 10 6 4.494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

90s - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

90S - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

90S - 41,542 10 6 4-494 6 9 516 — 3 l,o3o 9 3 47-633 6 9

90S - 41,542 io 6 4,494 <5 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47-6,i3 6 9

90S - 41,542 10 6 4.494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47-6.>3 d 9

905 - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — O 1,080 9 3 47.633 O' 9

905 - - 41,542 10 6 4,494 6 9 516 — 3 1,080 9 3 47,633 6 9

23»7°9 "

- - 758 28,677 13 6 4,500 — — 439 14 6 240 -

4,267 - * - - 136,87* 12 5

2,667, - - 86,238 15 4

2,667 9>6oi 86,293 13 4

2,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 8 1,572 13 — 60,551 13 11

1,151 - 28,739 7 9 3>^5 5 6 293 7 3 827 13 — 33-125 13 6

847 - 21,560 9 — •2,360 18 6 238 - 1 654 13 — 24,814 7

*47 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

1,151 28,739 7 9 3*205 5 6 293 7 3 827 13 — 33-125 13 0

*47 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 ~ 7

847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

847 - - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

2,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 .8 1,572 13 - 60,551 13 n

847 . 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 ~ 7

«47 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 6.54 13 " 24,814 — 7

847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 ‘ 24,814 — 7

847 - - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 6.54 '3 *4,814 — 7

2,229; - ’ - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 t . 1,572 13 * 6o,55l 13 11

2,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,465 9 7 52713 8 1,572 13 - 60,551 13 11

2,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 8 1,572 13 " 60,551 13 11

847 . 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 - 1 654 is — 24,814 — 7

847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

847 - 21,560 9 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 «54 13 — 24,814 — 7

*47 - - 21,560 9 — 2,36a 18 6 238 — 1 654 *3 — 24,814 — 7

4,239 - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 8 1,572 13 — 60,551 13 11

847 - - 21,560 9 — 2,36018 6 238 — i 65+ 13 — 24,814 — 7

1,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 1,572 13 — 60,551 13 11

847 - - 21,560 9 — 2,36018 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

2,229 - - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 8 1,572 13 — 60,551 13 11

847 - 21,560 9 — 2,36018 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

847 - - 21,560 9 — 2,36018 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

1,429 - - 52,185 17 8 6,365 9 7 52713 8 1.572 13 — 60,551 13 11

* ' j35,378j * r * * - * - - 1

-----\


108,081 16

1,247,308 17 5

31,857 7 —

3°9>4°5 1

1,696,660 1 10

44 Geo. III.

Appendix;

4G3

Emulate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, &c.—contimml.

CORPS.

Brought fohvutd

4SthRr^off.»ot, ? General Tonvn's - - -I uo Balt"' -j 50th I>ilto - - Sir James Du He's - -

5id Ditto - - Major General Moore’s

53d Ditto, Dvo 7 General Crtdbie’s - -Butt" - j

56th Ditto - - General Norton’s - -

5?th DBan-' - } G,ineraI Cuml,bdl’s ‘ * 58th Ditto, Two L. j g . -

haun- - 5 59th Ditto - - Lieut, (iener.il Hols’*

iilt Ditto. Se- ( Ueut.llewett’s

cond Batt* - j 6id Ditto - - ( Ip.neral Mathew’s 63d Ditto - - 1 he Earl of Balcarres’s -66th Ditto, Two )

BattM -; 67th Ditto, Two 1 Battni - 1

1 he Earl of Clauricarde’s General Peter Craig’s -

Lieut. General Stewart’s Lieut. Colonel Cameron’s

Lieut. General Johnson’s

8-2d Ditto - - Lieut. General Pi gut’s -83d Ditto - - Lieut. Gen1 la* Baliour’s 88th Ditto - - General Reid’s -

89th Ditto - - Sir Eyre Coote’s -

90th Ditto - - Colonel Graham’s - - j

91 ft Ditto - - Major General Campbell’*:

9’id | q iie Marquis of Huntley’!

93d Ditto

459th Ditto, Two /

Battni -j

71ft Ditto - -

7’2d Ditto - -

79th Ditto - -

Sift Ditto, Two 7

Battns -j

95th Dittr -96th Ditto -

Staff Corps

I ft Battalion of Reserve *d Ditto -3d Ditto -4th Ditto -5th Ditto -6th Ditto -7th Ditto -8th Ditto -9th Ditto -10th Ditto -1 ith Ditto -12th Ditto -13th Ditto -14th Ditto -15th Ditto -16th Ditto -

Major General Wemyfs’s Colonel Manningham’s -Major General Ludlow’s

Lieut. Colonel Brown’s -Colonel Oakes’s -

The Earl of Roden’s -Colonel Laalley’s Colonel Sherbrooke’s Colonel Maitland’s -Colonel Durham’s -Colonel Robin Ion’s -Colonel Blake's - -

The Earl of Craven's Colonel Gower's - -Colonel Broderiek's -Major General Vansittart’s Colonel Leith’s - -

Sir William Erskine’s Colonel Stapleton’s -The Earl of Cork’s -

Ift Royal Gar- 7 G , Ed.-n-fton’s -rdon I>attn - j *d Ditto - - General Homes - -

3d Ditto - - L.ieiit.General Ltimfdainc’rj

4th Ditto - - Lieut. (General Biakenev's

5th Ditto - - Lieut. General Iiorneck’s

6th Ditto - - Lieut. General living’s -

7th Ditto - - Major General Murray’s

2,-229

847

®77

2.229 847

•2,229

2;229

8+7

1.113

8+7

8+7

2.229

2.229

2.229

8+7

8+7

8+7

2.229

847

847

847

847

847

847

2.229

847

877

847

843

843

843

843

843

8+3

843

843

8+3

843

843

843

8+3

8+3

8+3

8+3

743

743

743

9r3

743

713

953

Garrisons -

Total, par annum, for Great Britain and Ireland

iers. Pay and Daily Allowance oi Commissioned Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men Charge of Cloathing for Slon-comrmflioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency. \nnual Allowance* to Field Oftity* s. Captains. and Kiting NDiters; Extr; Allowance for Farriery; and AI low mice for Great Co^ts.

15,378 £■ *• £• *- d. £. s. d. £• * ‘ ■

- - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 52713 8 1,57* 13 — 1

- - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 1

- * 23,100 14 — *,485 9 9 248 18 8 657 *3 — 1

A A 52,185 17 _ 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 1,571 »3 —

- - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 233 — 1 63+ 13 —

* d 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 1,571 13 —

- * 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 ' 8 i.57i »3 — j

- - 21,360 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — i

- - •25,735 10 5 3*129 — 1 260 15 1 786 5 —

- - 2i, J6o 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 —

* - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 >3 —

- - 62^185 17 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 1,571 13 —

- 52,185 lj 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 i,57i 13 —

- - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 1,571 13 —;

- - 21,560 g — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 65+ 13 —

- * 21,566 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — i

- * 21439 19 6 2,360 18 6 236 18 9 654 13 — 1

- 52,185 17 t 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 i,57i 13 — ,

- - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 —:

- " 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 - 1 65+ 13 —

- 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 65+ 13 — j

- - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — l 654 13 — I

" 21,439 19 6 2,360 18 6 236 18 9 65+ 13 —:

- 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 —;

- - 52,185 17 8 6,265 9 7 527 13 8 1,571 13 — j

- - 21,560 9 — 2,3(30 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 1

" " 22,986 6 6 2,435 9 9 247 i3 4 657 13 —

- - 21,560 9 — 2,36018 6 238 — 1 654 13 —

— O <© - - - ~ -

463 17,9+4 3 6 1,520 — 169 7 6 306

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- - 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- ' 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

" - 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- * 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 230 13 2 654 10 —

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 — 1

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 65+ 10 —:

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 . 654 10 —

- 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 — i

- - 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 — I

" " 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 0 654 10 —

20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

- - 20,708 7 2 2,353 9 1 230 13 2 654 10 —

13>488

- - 18,988 10 9 1,583 9 6 257 5 5 533 15 —

18,988 10 9 1,583 9 6 257 5 5 533 15 —

* il,p88 10 9 1,583 9 6 257 5 5 533 15 —

" 24,605 17 6 1,920 18 — 257 5 5 625

- - 18,988 10 9 1,583 9 6 257 5 5 533 15

18,988 10 9 1,583 9 6 257 5 5 533 15 —

- - 24*605 17 t) 1,920 18 — 257 5 5 625 — —

5,021

129, o3< 3,411,317 110 378,86719 3 38,547 — 5 97*555 11 10 —

Appendix*

(No. 4.)

continue </..

T O T A L.

-----1

1,696,060 1 10

i 60,551 11

1 24,814 — 7

1 26,49-1 15 5

1 00,551 13 11

: 24.814 — 7

60,551 13 11

; 60,551 13 11

i 24,814 — 7

: 29,9H 10 7

' 24,814 — 7

24.814 — 7

60, jj 1 * 13 11

60,551 13 11

; 60,551 13 11

24,814 — 7

1 -14,81 + — 7

24/>92 9 9

60,551 13 11

24,814 — 7

' -14.8*4 — 7

-24,814 — 7

! 24,814 — 7

; 24,692 9 9

: 24,814 — 7

! 60,551 *3 11

1 24,814 —. 7

26,377 ‘ 7 7

24,814 — 7 2

1 23,946 19 5

23,946 19 5

23,946 19 5

23.9+6 19 5

23,946 19 5

23,946 19 5

23,946 19 5

1 23,946 19 5

; 23,946 19 5

23,946 19 5

1 23,946 19 5

■ 23,9.6 >9 5

! 23,946 5

j 23,94'j 19 5

, 23,946 19 5

' 23,9.16 19 5

‘ 21,363 8

j 21,363 — 8

: 21,363 — 8

27,4.1) — 11

j 21,363 .— 8

! 21,363 8

j 27,409 11

>82,397 9 3

19)939 li —

383,151 10 8

Deduct, on account of the dilierence between British and Irish Currency, for the Force proposed to be Rationed in Ireland

Remains to be provided -

Of which, the Proportion of Charge for Great Britain is

for Ireland -

War-Office. 3d December

1803.3

Together, as above

C. Bragge.

161,633 5 2

29,606 14 11

- 4,373,3*8 12 10

1 - 96,764 — 2

£■ A,*: 76,624 1*2 8

3,115,456 9 9

- 1,161,168 2 11

£ 4,276,624 12 8

464

Appendix

A* 1803

Appendix, — 1... = - =S=. = - - :, T > ■-■ -

(No. 4.)

Decembris ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ills Majesty’s FORCES in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, and in New South \}'ales; from the-25th December 1803 to the -24th December 1804,

continued.

L-----vboth inclusive; being 366 Days.

Pay and Annual - r—

Daily Allowance Charge of Allowances

of Commissioned Cloathing for to

Officers, Non-comnfilfioned Field Oiiiceis

C 0 RP S. Numbers. Non-comniffioned Officers and Agency and Captains: TOTAL.

Officers, Private Men. and for

/N and Private Men. Great Coats.

( ) £■ 5. d. £. s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. ,1: f £■ v. d. £■ a. d.

Two°b25 } The Duke of Kent’8 * ‘ L713 - -■ 44.783 3 — 4,721 17 — 487 11 8 i,3°9 6 — 51,301 17 8

ad Ditto - - General Coates’s - - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 J3 — 24.814 — 7

6th Ditto - Prince William’s - - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 - •14,8,4 — 7

7th Ditto - - Sir Alured Clarke’s - - 847 - 21,706 17 — 2,360 18 6 239 4 6 654 13 - 24,961 13 —

10th Ditto - - Lieut. General Fox’s 1,127 - 27.778 12 9 3,136 9 ! 6 276 12 9 786 8 — 31,978 3 —

tith Ditto - - General Grant’s - - - 857 - 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 245 *2 5 6.'>4 13 25,858 2 11

13th Ditto - - General A indie’s - - - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 233 — 1 654 13 — 24-814 — 7

aoth Ditto - - General Leigh’s - - - 1,127 - 27.778 12 9 3,136 9 6 276 12 9. 786 8 — 3', 078 3 —

27th Ditto - - Lord Clarina’s - - - 8+7 - 21,560, 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 <3 — 24.814 —■ /

29th Ditto - - Lieut. General Forbes’s - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 £54 13 — 24,814 — 7

35th Ditto - - Major General Lennox’s 1,1-27 - 27.778 12 9 3,136 9 6 276 12 9 786 8 — 3' ■<)■/ 8 3 —

37th Ditto - - Sir ilew Dalrymple’s 8.57 - 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 245 2 5 654 LI — 25/58 2 11

4ill Ditto - - Sir Thomas Stirling’s - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

49th Ditto - - General Maitland’s - - 847 - 21,560 9 ~ 2,36® 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 — 24,814 — 7

54th Ditto - - Major General Baird's - 847 - 21,560 9 — 2,360 18 6 238 — 1 654 13 ~ 24,9h — /

55th Ditto - - General Tottenham's s57 - 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 245 2 5 654 <3 — .25,858 0 11

60th DiUo^Six | The Duke of York-s . - . 5.126 - - 134,672 15 — 14,165 11 — 1,464 H 6 OD VI 00 1 154,23° 18 6

61ft | Lieut. General Hewett's 1,117 - 26,741 ia 9 3,136 9 6 269 10 5 VJ CO 0 CO 1 3°,934 — 8

64th Ditto - - General Leland’s - - 1,127 _ 27,778 12 9 3,136 9 6 276 12 9 786 3 — 31 >97 3 3 —

68th Ditto - - Sir TLomas Trigge's 857 - *- 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 245 2 5 654 13 — 2.5>->58 2 11

70th Ditto - - The Fail of SuHolk's *57 - 22,597 9 ~ 2,360 l8 6 245 2 5 654 13 — 25,858 0 11

85th Ditto - - Lieut. General Nugent’s 87th Ditto - - Major General Doyle’s - 857 - 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 245 2 5 <:54 13 — •2-.S58 2 11

857 26,086 22,597 9 — 2,360 18 6 * 245 2 5 654 13 — 25.858 2 11 768,860 5 ll

Colonel Grofe’s Regiment ----- 556 14,848 18 6 1,588 14 6 176 3 10 517 1* — - - 17D31 8 10

The Royal AtVi- ? Colonej Frafer’s . can Corps - j - - 449 11,436 7 2 1,200 — — 110 4 8 226 - - 12,972 11 10

lflWeft India Reg* Lieut. General Whyte’s - 693 . 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 379 20,744 16 11

2d Ditto - - Lieut. General Myers's -> 693 - 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 I 8 379 20,744 16 11

3d Ditto - - Lieut. General Keppel’s 693 - 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 379 — — 20,744 16 11

4th Ditto - - Lieut. General Nicolls’s 693 - 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 379 20,7*4 16 11

5th Ditto - - Major General Calvert’s 693 - 18,222 + 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 379 20,744 16 11

6th Ditto - - Major General Whitelock’s 693 - 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 ‘379 20,744 16 11

7th Ditto - - Major General Don’s 693 4.851 18,222 4 6 1,946 10 9 197 1 8 379 20,744 16 11 145+213 18 e*

5

Colonel Stevenson’s Regiment of Foot - - _ 1.113 26,268 2 7 3,126 10 3 265 8 1 786 2 — - - 30>446 2 11

Colonel Hunter’s Regiment of Fencible 7 Infantry - -j 1,113 25,889 10 11 3D 29 — 1 262 2. 6 1 m 0 00 - 30,066 18 6 M

Colonel Skerret's - - Ditto - 1,113 . 25,889 10 11 3D29 — 1 262 2 6 7 86 5 — 30,066 18 6

Colonel Wetherall’s - Ditto - 1,113 . 25,889 10 11 3D29 — 1 262 2 6 786 5 — 30,006 18 6

Colonel Peter’s - - Ditto ----- 1,113 - 25,889 10 11 3D29 — 1 262 2 6 786 5 — 30,066 18 6

Colonel Williamson's Ditto ----- 1,123 - - 26,735 18 5 3,129 — 1 267 11 4 786 5 — 30,918 H 10 151,186 8 IO

5,5/b

GARRISONS, kc.i

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova

Scotia, New Lrunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John’s and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Prince Edward’s Island - - 6,318 4 6

Jamaica, Grenada, Saint Vincent's, Domi- P

nica, and Tobago ----- , 2D.>9 16 1

Gibraltar - -- -- - 2,794 16 2

Officers serving with His Majesty’s Forces in

North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and the Mediterranean ----- 23,575 12 —

Officers of the Hospitals serving with the

laid Forces - -- -- 13,450 10 —.

Total - - - - - 38,630 980,08715 7 107,530 11 11 io,434 19 3 27,757 11 — " -1 - £■ 1,17-1,509 16 6

War-Office,’ \ 2d December 1S03. 3

C. Braggc.

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

465

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, fervingwith the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain j from (25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclutive; being 366 Days.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital*

War-Office, 7 2d December 1803. J

Charge for 366 Days.

- -£■ d. 154.047 3 10

C. Bragge.

Appendix

(No.

l° D1. cemir is.

cunt •nurd.

PA RTIC ULAR S of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces ini that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

Captain General and Commander in Chief Four Aides de Camp -Secretary - -

Two Generals -

Six Aides de Camp

Sixteen Lieutenant Generals - Thirty-two Aides de Camp

Forty-three Major Generals

Forty-three Aides de Camp -

Thirteen Brigadier Generals -

One Colonel -

Adjutant General -

Deputy Adjutant General -

Quarter Matter General -

Deputy Quarter Matter General ——

Barrack Mailer General -

Ten Aides de Camp to the King -

Two Insepctors of Cloathing -

Eleven Assistant Adjutant Generals -

One Affittant Deputy Adjutant General -

Five Assistant Quarter Matter Generals -

Two District Aililtants to the Quarter Matter General -

Three - - D° ——

Twq Deputy A Aidants to the Quarter Matter General -

Fifty Majors of Brigade -

Chaplain General -

Physician General -

Surgeon General -

Inspector General of Regimental Hospitals -

Apothecary General -

Principal Veterinary Surgeon -

Commander of the Forces in North Britain, as General Three Aides de Camp -Secretary -

One Lieutenant General Two Aides de Camp

Five Major Generals -

Five Aides de Camp -

Two Brigadier Generals -

Deputy Adjutant General - - - * - -

Deputy Quarter Matter General -*

One Athltant Quarter Master General -' Four Majors of Brigade -

Baggage Matter and Inspector of the Roads

Deputy Judge Advocate and Clerk of the Courts Martial

Commifl'ary of Stores and Provisions

Major General commar^ing in Guernsey -One Aide de Camp -

One Colonel -

One. Majoj of Brigade -

Lieutenant General commanding in Jersey -

Two Aides de Camp -

One Brigadier General -

One Major of Brigade -

Voi.. 59*

£■ t. d.

3,467 —

ea. £.173. 7- 0. 693 8 —

173 7 —

ea. £. 2,080. 4* 0. 4,160 8 —

173* 7- 0 1,040 2 —

- 1,386. 16. 0. 22,188 16 —

173- 7- 0. 5*547 4 —

693. 8. 0. 29,816 4 —

173- 7- 0. 7.454 1 —

- ea. £■ 520. 1. 0.

ea. £. 189. 19. 6. 346. 14. o. - 260. o. 6.

260. o. 6. 398. 14. 2. 3»<5- 7. 4.

*73- 7- «• 173. 7- °-

ea. £. 173. 7. 0.

£■ *■ d.

2,080 4 --

520 1 — 173 7 —

ea. 173. 7. o.

1,386 16 — 346 14 —

ea. 693. 8, o. »73 7- o.

3,467-----

866 15 —

ea. £. 520. 1. o.

ea. £. 173. 7- °-

£■ 693 8 — 173 7 —

- 1,386 16 —

«a- £■ 173- 7- - 3*6 *4 —

Carried forward

6 c

Charge for 366 Days.

£■ *■ d-

4,333 »5 —

5,200 10 —

27.736-----

37.270 5 — 6,760 13 —

346 14 —

346 14 —

346 14 —

346 14 —

693 8 —

1,899 15 —

693 8 —

2,860 5 6

173 7 —

1,300 2 6

•797 8 4

949 2 —

346 H —

8,667 10 —

346 14 —

173 7 —

173 7 —

173 7 —

173 7 —

173 7 —

2,773 12 —

1,733 10 —

4,333 15 —

1,040 2 —

346 14 —

346 14 —

316 7 4

693 8 —

86 13 6

173 7 —

173 7 —

866 15 —

416 — 10

173 7 —

1.733 10 — 520 1 —

173 7 —

118,598 19 10

466

Appendix

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

Decembrisy continued.

Particulars of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, &c.—continued.

Sixteen TIospital Mates Eighty-two D° -

Total -

War-Office, id December

e, 7

1803.3

Brought forward -

MEDICAL STAFF.

One Deputy Inspector General of Hospitals

Two Inspectors of llospitals - -- -- ea. £. 520. 1. o.

Fifteen Assistant Insepctors of Hospitals - -- - 346. 14. o.

Sixteen Physicians - -- - - -- - 346. 14. o.

One Purveyor r-----*-----,---

One D° ——

Forty Surgeons - - - - 173. 7. o.

Twenty Apothecaries 173. ,7. o.

Sixteen Deputy Purveyors - - 173. 7. o.

ea. £. 137- 5-

91. 10. o.

Charge for 366 Days.

£. s. d. 118,598 *9 10

693 & —*•

1,040 2 —<

5,200 10 —: 5,547 + — 433 7 6 e6o — 6

<5,934 —

3,467 — —

2,77312 —

>44,948 310 2,196 —

7,503 —

>54,647 3 >0

C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India; from the 15th December 1803 to 14th December 1804, both incluttve; being 366 Days.

The 8th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Sir Robert Laurie's!

Pay ——

Cloathing -

Agency ......

Allowances to the Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Matters

19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's lid D° - - Lieus. General Guy us -

17th - D° - - Lieut. General Loftus's -

19th *• D° - - Lieut. General Vyie’s

- the fame ~ the fame

- the lame

- the fame

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Pi&on's:

The 73d Regiment of Foot, Lieut. General Harris’s:

Pay -

Cloathing -

Agency -

Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains

Total

War-Office, 2d December

ie, 7 1803.3

Pay - - ----- - _ . 1,151 - - v 18,061 12 6

Cloathing 3,265 5 6

Agency 293 7 3

Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains - - 663 5

22,283 10 3

19th Regiment of Foot - General Hulfe's - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

22d - D° - - - Lieut. General Simcoe's - - the fame - - M5i - - 22,283 10 3

33d - D° - - - Marquis Coinwallis’s - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

34th - D° - - - Lord Southampton’s - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

5>ft * D° - - - Lieut. General Morffield’s I the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

65 th - D* - - General Stevens's - - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

74th - D° - - Lord Hutchinibn's - - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

75 th - D° - - - Sir Robert Abercrombie's - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

76th - D° - - Sir Thomas Musgrave’s -General Marsh's - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

77th - D° - - - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

78 th - D° - - - Major General Mackenzie's - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

80th - D° - - - General Lake's 7 - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,-83 10 3

84th - D° - - - Lieut. Genrnil Bernard's - - the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

86th - D° - - - General Grinfield's - the fame - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

94th - D° - - - Lieut. General Francis Dundas’s, the fame - - 1,151 - - 22,283 10 3

Numbers.

720

720

720

720

720

3,600

18,416

881

22,807

Charge per Annum.

£■ *■ (i-29,439 12 10 3,479 >2 2 464 9 3 694 9 —

34.078 3 3

34.078 3 3

34.078 3 3

34.078 3 3

34.078 3 3

>5,377 >2 6

2,489 14 6

261 16 11 572 -

C. Bra

£. s.

170,390 16 5

356,536 4 —

18,701 3 11

545,628 4 2

Memorandum.—The Expence of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the East Indies, is declared by Law to be payable out of (be Revenues of the FEast India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vole, ou account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Recruiting Companies of the said Regiments, employed in Great Britain. This Charge, amounting to £.29,859. .14. 9. is Rated in a separate Efumate.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

467

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments l'erving in East India; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

The 8th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Sir Robert Laurie’s:

Pay -

Cloathing -

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captain and Riding Mailer

I9U1 Regiment Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe’s 22d - D° - - Lieut. General Gwyn’s -

27th - D° - - Lieut. General Lotus’s -

29th - D° - - Lieut. General Yyle’s

- the fame

- the lame

- the lame

- the lame

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Pi&on’s:

Pay ......

Cloathing -

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain

Numbers.

Charge per Annum.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

2° Decembris,

continued.


19th Regiment of Foot

22d - D° - -

33d - D° - -

34‘h - D° - -

51ft - D° - -

65th - D° - -

73d - D° - -

74th - D» - -

75 th - D° - -

76th - D° *

77th -. D> - -

78 th - D° - -

80th - D° - -

84th - D° - -

86th - D° - -

94th - D*

General Hulfe’S -

Lieut. General Simcoe's -

Marquis Cornwallis’s

Lord Southampton’s

Lu ut. General Morlhead’s

General Stevens’s -

Lieut. Gere ral Harris’s -

Lord Hutehinfon’s -

Sir Robert Abercrombie’s

Sir Thomas Mdfg rave's

Genial Marsh's -

Major General Mackenzie’s

General Lake’s -

Lieut. General Bernard's

General Grin fields

Lieut. General Francis Dundas’s,

the fame the Lme the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the lame the fame the fame the lame the fame the lame the fame the fame

Total

r— 1 i

I i._ d.

1.837 12 6

158 8 10

as 8 11

48 1 —

2,080 U 3

- - 25 - 2,080 U 3

- - 25 - 2,080 11 3

- - *5 - 2,080 11 3

- - 25 125 2,080 11 3

24 960 15 —

128 16 —

16 14 6

- - - * 3* 5 —

LH4 10 6

- - 24 - - M44 10 6

- - 24 - 1»l44 10 6

- - 24 - BH4 10 6

- - 24 - 1,144 10 6

- - 24 - i, H4 10 6

- - 24 - 1,144 10 6

- - 24 - ,1»,44 10 6

- - 24 - M44 10 6

- - 24 - 1,144 10 6

- - 24 - M44 10 6

- - 24 - M44 10 6

- - 24 * 1,144 10 6

- - 24 - 1,144 10 6

- - 24 - M44 10 6

- - 24 - 1,144 10 6

- - 24 408 M44 10 6

- * - 533 -

£■ *■ d.

10,402 16 3

19,456 18 6

29.859 *4 9

War-Office,

2d December 1803.

C. Brag

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s LAND F O R C E S, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

Charge for 366 Da'-s.

For Recruiting and Contingencies, upon Account

£• *'• a.

180,000-----

War-Office, 7 fcd December 1803.j

C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon ind Cornwall; from the 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

SOUTH BRITAIN.

Bedford - -

Berks -

Royal Buckinghamshire Cambridge* - -

Chester -

Royal Cornwall -Cumberland Derby -

Devon

Dorset

Durham

Essex

Carried forward

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps% Numbers. 1 Charge for 366 Days. TOTAL.

l ( 566 1 * * . 0 1^ rt £■ d.

t 087 - 24,053 >9 11

1 1,057 - 26/245 18 6

1 845 - 20,684 3 1

1 1,546 - 36,939 14 1

l 1,128 - 3Jo >S 13 10

l 1,086 - 26,871 14 8

2 1,6^® - 40>305 3 »

3 2,676 - d:>,73 j 18 3

1 727 - 1S, 200 13 9

1 870 - 21,787 1 6 t

3 2,207 - 55,104 4 u j

17 1 I 15,345 - 388,150 7 10 j

468

Appendix.

A. 1803*

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

a0 Decembr,

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia, &c.—continued.

SOUTH BRITAIN—continued.

Brpught forward -

Gloucester -

Hereford -Hertford ' *

Huntingdon ' -Kent - -

Lancaster - -

Leicester -Lincoln -London Middlesex

Monmouth and Brecon Norfolk -

Northampton Northumberland Nottingham Oxford - -

Rutland -Salop -

Stafford -

Somerset -

Southampton -

Suffolk -

Surrey -

Sussex

Tower Hamlets -

Warwick -

Westmoreland Wilts

Worcester - -

York, West Riding

- - North Riding -

- - East Riding

Anglesea -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen -

Carnarvon

Denbigh -

Flint - -

Glamorgan

Merioneth -

Montgomery Pembroke -

Radnor -

Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall NORTH BRITAIN:

Battalions, or Corps.

Aberdeen - -

Argyll and Bute -

Ayr -

Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Peebles Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk -Edinburgh County and City Fife -

Forfar and Kincardine

Invemefs, Banff, Elgin, and Naime

Kirkcudbright and Wigton -

Royal Lanark -

Royal Perth ——

Renfrew ——

Ross, Caithness, Sutherland, and Cromarty Stirling, Dumbarton, Clackmannan, and Kinross

FENCIBLE INFANTRY:

Royal Manx Corps ——

For the Allowance to Paymasters, Paymasters Clerks, and Armourers, upon Account -

17

2

1

1

1

2

3

1

3

2

3

1

2 1 1 1 1

1

2 2

2

3 2 2

1

2 2

1

2 1

3 1 i

1

1

' i 1 1 1 1 1

83

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

98

IN IRELAND:

Embodied Militia.

One Regiment Five more - - ,

One more -One more -Thirteen more One Battalion One more -One more -Fourteen more

• Which Sum of £.694,046. Irish, amounts in British Money, to

Total -

Numbers. Charge for 366 Days.

r- £■ *• d.

15,345 - 388,150 7 10

2,053 - 50,964 8 7

920 - 22,876 14 10

854 - 21,536 10 4

282 - 7,237 10 7

2,284 - 56,044 6 3

4,269 - 102,546 7 5

M3* - 27,740 19 8

*.409 - 58,939 3 3

1.434 - 36,472 1 4

3.554 - 86,196 13 11

854 20,996 11 11

2,ll6 - 50,485 11 2

1>279 - 31,740 2 10

1,142 ‘ T 28,199 11 —

992 24,235 10 4

1,056 - 25,447 17 i°

150 - 3,9H 15 6

L749 - < 43,088 8 4

i,99i - 48,247 17 5

2,738 - 67,032 16 11

1,501 - 37,353 18 4

1,840 - 22,635 — 7

i,57 - 38,606 10 6

i>4«>3 - 33,634 11 6

L334 - 34,004 9 6

1,508 37,214 4 2

433 11,158 1 11

1,612 - 39,172 6 1

1,088 - 26,826 2 8

4>255 - 102,419 9 10

1,589 - 37,754 1 1

990 - 24,108 17 11

231 - 5,910 16 6

431 - 10,777 1 —

716 - 18,005 — 8

231 - 5,910 16 6

615 - 15.967 4 5

358 - 9,158 16 3

715 17,981 1 9

221 - 6,066 7 5

497 ' - 12,737 19 5

358 - 9,'58 16 3

252 72,351 6,647 8 6

- 369 -

72,720

1,128 - 27,667 15 8

750 - 18,635 6 3

769 - 18,996 14 9

788 - 19,358 3 3

863 - , 21,459 10 1

1,132 - 27,740 19 8

860 - 21,646 6 4

1,139 - 28,144 13 —

1,307 - 31,948 9 1

484 - 12,478 19 —

».3ii - 31,402 1 —

1,138 - 27,265 4 8

727 18,888 7 1

898 - 2*2,460 8 4

820 14, H4 20,645 3 1

86,834

256

87,090 Irish.

799 - 23,952 —

3.995 - 119,760 —

720 - 21,680 —

641 - 19,408 —

8,333 - 252,308 —

562 - 17,114 —

562 - 17,117 — —

483 - 14,845 — -

6,762 22,857 207,852 —

*694,046 —

- -

- 109,947 - -

TOTAL.

£- *- d.

*>75>30o 9 it 9,065 1 3

1 >774>95 11

348>738 1 3

2,125,703 12 5 7,261 18 1

20,000 —-

2,150,965 10 6

640.657 17

•2,70 i 7 6

War-Office, ) ad December 1803. J

C. Brag

44 Geo. III.

Appendix;

469

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain;

for the year 1804.

Numbers.

3,218 Serjeants 1,624 Drummers 64,611 Rank and File

SOUTH Bit I TA I N:

NORTH BRITAIN;

623 Serjeants 326 Drummers 12,586 Rank and File

15 Serjeants 11 Drummers 324 Rank and File

at £.5. 12. 9-

- 2. 18. 7-

- 2. 8. 7-

at £. 5. 12. 9-

- 2. l8. 7-

- 2. 8. 7-

Devon:

at £.5. 12. 9-

- 2. 18. 7-

- 2. 8. 7-

Charge*

r£~ 5. d.

18,141 9 6

• 4,756 19 ' 4

156,950 17 9

• 3*512 3 3

954 18 *2

30*573 9 10

84 11 3

32 4 5

787 1 —

Total

War-Office id December 1803

• 1

803.5

C. Brag

£■ ' f. d. 179,849 6 7

35,040 11 3

903 16 8

T v

215.793 H 6

Appendix*

Tno.-4)

2a Decembris,

continued.

fcSTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the year 1804.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, for the year 1804; upon Account ——

Irish:

Fof the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia of Ireland, for the year 1804 - * £. 12,056. 15. 10.

* Which Sum of £. 12,056. 15. 10. Irish, amounts in British Money* to -

Total - £.

War-Office, 1

2d December 1803. 3

C. Bragge.

£. s. d. 50,000-----

11.129 7 —

61.129 7 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

GREAT BRITAIN.

For the Pay, &c. of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry; upon Account For the Cloathing of Ditto; upon Account -

For the Pay, &c. of Volunteer Corps of Infantry; upon Account For the Cloathing of Ditto; upon Account -

IRELAND.

So,000 Non-commissioned Officers and Privates 7 765 Permanent Serjeants -

765 Drummers

■^►Infantry.

12,000 Non-commissioned Officers and Privates')

400 Permanent Serjeants -400 Trumpeters

- Cavalry.

750 Captains, at 9s. 4d. perDiem 750 Firil Lieutenants, 5$. Sd. D\ 1,200 Sub-Lieutenants, 4s. 8 d.

250 Captains - at 14 s.6d. 300 First Lieutenants, gs. -100 Sub-Lieutenants, 85. -

D°.

D°.

I)0.

D°.

94*33° Men-

3.350 Officers, at1,198. 155. per 7 —Day; 17 Weeks - j

80.000 Infantry-, on Exercise Pay -

- IF - - - - D° -

- D° - - on Permanent Pay

765 Permanent Serjeants - -

765 Drummers ——

12.000 Cavalry, on Exercise Pay -

- i)° - - - - l)o _ _

- I)° - - on Permanent Pay,

400 Permanent Serjeants - -

400 Trumpeters

for 17 Weeks,

- 18 D* -

- 17 D° -

- 5* U" -

- - D3 - -

for 17 Weeks,

- 18 1)° -

- 17 D° -

- 52 D° -

- - D° - -

at is. per Week -2.9. per D° -1 s. per Diem 1- D° -10 d. - D° -

at 2 s. per Week -

800 I lories - -- - 17 D° -

Allowance to 46 Brigade Majors -Cloathing Money for 70,000 Men Horse Furniture Allowance for 8,000 Men

- - - D° - -- -- 4,000-Men

Allowance for Guard Room, Fire, and Candles Incidents - -

4*.

3s-

2 5. 1 5. 1 5.

D° -

per Diem

- D° -

- D° -

- D® -

at £. 1. per Diem each at £-2. 5- 6. per Man ut£. 2. - - D® -

at £.4. 11. - D® at £. 8. per Corps

~£. 16,000 7 - 18,2003

Charge for 366 Days.

£- s- d. 63,600-----

70.000 -

586,400-----

10.000 -

Irish: H3>850 -

68.000 -

144.000 -

480.000 -

13*999 -11,666 -

20,400 -

43.200 -

216.000 -14,640 -

7»3‘io -4,800 -

16,790 -

159*25° -

34.200 -

8,000 -

12.000 -

£■ s. d. 133.600-----

596,400-----

730,000

i,398.«i5 — —

• Which Sum of £. 1,398*115. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to -

Totai- -

>,290,567 13 11

-----.---a-----

2,020,56^ 13 11

\^ar-Office, 7

r 1803.3.

id December

VOL. 59.’

C, Bragge.

6D

470 Appendix. A. 1803.

App^hdix,

(fro. COPY ofaCONVENTION between His Britannic Majesty and the King of Sweden, signed on the 25th July 1803.

50 Decembris.; —

Ills Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and his Majesty the King of Sweden, being equally desirous ol [.romoting the good understanding which happily subsists between them, and of preventing the recurrence of those differences which have heretofore arisen respecting the Eleventh Article of the Treaty of Alliance concluded and signed at Whitehall, on the 21ft day of October 1661, have named and authorized for that purpose, viz. His Britannic Majesty, the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson Lord Httwkesbury, one of His said Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for the Foreign Department; and his Swedi/h Majesty, George Uldric Baron de Silverhjelm his Envoy Extraordinary and Miniller Plenipotentiary to His Britannic Majesty, and Knight of the Order of the Polar Star who, after having duly communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article iff. In the event of one of the contracting Parties being heutral during a War, in which the other contracting Party may be belligerent, the Vtfiels of the neutral Party shall not carry to the Enemy or Enemies of the belligerent Party, Money, Arms, or Bombs toith their Fufees and other Appurtenances, Fire Balls, Gunpowder, Matches, Cannon Balls, Spears, Lances, Pikes, Halberts, Gans, Mortars, Petards, Grenadoes, Musket-Rests, Bandaliers, Saltpetre, Muskets, Musket Bullets, Helmets, Head-pieces, Breast-plates, Coats ‘ of Mail, commonly called CuirafTes, and the like kind of Arms, or

Troops, Ilorfes, or any thing necessary for the equipment of Cavalry, or Pistols, Belts, or any other lniiruments of War, or Ships of War, and Guard Ships, nor any manujattured articles immediately firving for the equipment of the fame, under the penalty, that if either of the contracting Parties shall seize the fame, these articles shall be liable to tonfifealion.

Article 2d.—The Cruizers of the Belligerent Power shall exercise the right of bringing in the Ships of the Neutral going to the Ports of an Enemy, laden with cargoes of Proiifivns, or with cargoes of Pitch, Tar, Hempi and generally all vnmamjattured articles whatever seeing for the equipment of Ships of all descriptions, and likewise all manufactured articles serving for the equipment of Merchant Vessels (Herrings, Iron in Bars, Steel, Rose-Copper, Brass, and Brals Wire, Deal Planks, not being of Oak, and Spars, however, excepted); and if

the Cargoes so exported in the bottoms of the Neutral Power are the produce of the Territories of the said Neutral Power, and going on account of the Subjects thereof, the Belligerent Power shall in that case exercise the right of purchasing them, upon condition of paying a profit of ten per-centum upon a fair Invoice price, or the fair Market-price in England or in Sweden, respecHively, at the option of the Owner, with an indemnification for detention, and necessary expences.

Article 3d.—If the Cargoes specified in the preceding Article (not being Enemy's property) are proceecing with a profefied destination to the Ports of a Neutral Country, and are brought in under suspicion that their true destination is to the Ports of the Enemy, and it shall turn out upon due enquiry that they were really bound to Neutral Ports, they shall be at liberty to pursue their Voyages after being indemnified for their detention and necessary Expences, unless the Government of the Belligerent Country, from a reasonable appreben-fion of their falling into the hands of the Enemy, flioald de/ire to purchase them, in which case the full price should be paid which they would have obtained in the Ports of the Neutral Country to which they were going, with an indemnification for detention, and necessary expences.

Article 4th.—Herrings, Iron in Bars, Steel, Rose-Copper, Brass, and Brass Wire, Deal Planks, not being of Oak, and Spars, shall not be liable to Confiscation or Pre-emption on the part of the Belligerent Power, but shall be permitted to pass free in the Ships of the Neutral Country, provided that they are not Enemy's property.

Article 5th.—The present Convention shall be ratified by His Britannic Majesty, and by his Swedi/h Majesty, and the Ratifications exchanged at London in the space of two months, or sooner if it can be done.

In witness whereof, We, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty, and of his Swedi/h Majesty, have signed the present Convention; and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at London, the twenty-fifth day of July 1803.

(l. s,) Haivke/bury. (l. s.) Joran Uldric Silverhjelm.

Appendix, ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE, for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain*

(No 6 ) ^or e ^ear 1 a ^arge in Ireland, for the said year.—Land Service:

5* Decembris. — ' '

ON ACCOUNT OF I 803. 1 £. i d.

Newfoundlands—For Iron Ordnance and Stores sent - . - - - I 945 t8 10

Nova Scotia.—For Gun Carriages and Powder sent ...... - | 735 19 5

Trinidad.—-Paid for Contingencies and Current Service £.$,622 13 11

For Small Anns and Surveying Instruments sent - - - * - - - 5016 —

St, Christopher.—For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, and other Stores sent - - - -1 2*796 15 —

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces in the West Indies - I 14,445 —

Gibraltar.—For a supply of Gun Carriages, Small Arms, and Stores—also for Timber and Building Materials for the Works - - I 19,839 4 9

Ceylon.—For Bedding and Surveying Instrument, sent - I 34618 4

Jersey.—For Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores sent - - *' * * - * - * - I 26,024 1 a

Guernsey»_Paid for the further improving the Defences of Fort George and other places in the Island % - - - 1 7,705 17 1%

Ireland.—For a supply of Small Arms and Accoutrements sent * 1 79,*69 7

Gravesend and Tilbury.—Paid for maintaining the communication between the said places 1 1,598 1

Chatham.—Paid for repairing and improving the Lines - - - * - 153A7— 10

Sheerness.—Paid for improving the Defences of the Garrison - - -- -- - - -,.1 2,944 4 <5

Fever/ham.__Paid for erecting a new Magazine for Saltpetre, and improving the Corning Houses - - - - 7,201 6 to

Woolwich,—Paid for erecting Field Officers Quarters, a new Academy and Barracks for Cadets, and rebuilding Storehouses

and Work/hops - - ...... ----- jC-15,34* 1 8

Paid for maintaining a Military Ferry from the Warren at Woolwich to the opposite Shore - 922 9 4

----- t 16,270 11 —

Royal Laboratory.—Paid the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers - | 7,000 — —

Depot of Artillery and Powder Magazines.—Paid for erecting the various Buildings necessary to form an

Artillery Depot at Warley \ - " , ~ ..." " " , " £.27,294 9 11

Paid for Materials for erecting Powder Magazines, and other Buildings, near Hungerford - - - 6,oooo-----

.-----I 33/294 9 H

Defence of the Cm#s.—Paid for repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them m an improved I

‘ Jhtte of Defence - -- ...... ft 8,45811.10

Carried forward - •» £. 1289,170 8 9

44 Geo. III.

Ap{>endix.

471

EAimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordamn* —continued.

• Brought forward -

Civil Department.—Charge of the Establishment of the Royal Carriage Department at Woolwich; of additional Mastera in ill*- Royal Military Academy: and of additional Clerks, and other*, in the Civil Department of the Ordnance-also, tur Kent ot additional Lands adjoining the Warren at Woolwich; to 31ft December 1*03 ’

Royal Regiment of Artillery, &c.—Pay of an Augmentation of 140 Bombardiers to 70 Marching Companies of the Royal hc_1me.1t of Artillery-; 11 llo, oi an Augmentation to the said Regiment of one Marching Battalion, confiftinaof i.:v) Men, 0!t;rcrf» included; from Ut September to 31ft December 1803, inclusive; with Levy Money lor the fame ...... _ J£ ^

P id Ahottiuifi'i to Military and Civil Officers, retired from Service, liuce iff January 1803 - L9^i 14 ll

l..r t.un Carriages, Wa:_ ^ms. Carts, Ihtrneis, and other Stores, for the Field Artillery in Great Britain, «o’,oo« 3 9

Tents - fu;>|'!><! for the Serv ice of Regiments ......

f"r fun‘lrY Regiments, and for Militia:—Ammunition to the three Regiments of Toot Guards, and to fondly lb Tiinrnts of l oot anil C.arrifon Batuhons; to sundry Troops and Corps of Volunteer Cavalry and

Iiudiitry; also lor fi'ndry DcpAts for adiual Service ........ r.31,104 6 8

Ammunition to lundry Regiments of Militia ... *’ 17 4

Ukfkovidkd, 1803

Appendix, (No. 6.) i^vo 80 5 Decern his.

989,170 8 9

9,133 *4 f

53.34o >7 31,914 —

37.860 -A —

413,719 4 3

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of O R D N A N C E; for the year 1I04.

LAND SERVICE*

ORDINARY.

Sular^s and Rents to the Mafier General, principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the £• t. rf.

Tower ...... 93,19a 15 6

And at the following Places; vi*.

Royal LII oratory at Wnolwnh 9*330 9 6

Ii.'p t r*r of Artidcry at Ditto - -- -- 1,603 — —

Royal Carriage Department at Ditto 3*109 to —

R »y*il MiliLuy Krpulitnry at Ditto - -- -- £82 10 —

Greenwich, Wiadiur, Hampton Court, and St. James’s ----- 226 — —/

Woolwich - -- -- -- -- 1,839 — —

Purilot - - ...... 945 9 6

(iravflend and Tilbury - -- -- -- 440 r— —

Chatham ----- 1,090 15 —

I prior Caitle - -- -- -- -- 250 — —

She*. ness - -- -- -- -- 610 — >—

Dnver ----- - 900-----

Fe\eriram ...... a 903 17 6

Mahtiim Abbey - -- -- -- - 813 17 Q

PortliiKUth - -- -- 1,303 17 6

Pndilvb-hard - -- -- -- -- 563 17 6

Tipner Point - -- -- -- -- 220 —* —*

Plymouth ...... 1,183 17 6

Kevliin Point ----- - 320 — —

f Pc udmnis Calile. Scilly Island, Chester and Liverpool, Isle of Man, Carlisle, Berwick, 1 Storekeepers at -< Tinmouth C a tile and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, Landguard Fort and > 1,040 7 6

I Harwich, and Scarborough CulUe - - - - -)

Cuerufty - 615 10 —

Jt-rfev ...... 615 10 —

Gratuities for length of Service, to fuudry Officers on the above Establishments; estimated, per annum, at 5,933 5 9

Rent for ufo of Laud and Houses ...... 825 5 3

£50,484 i

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at -

F North Britain -

Gibraltar -

Jamaica - -

Antigua -

St. Christopher -Dominica St. Vincent Barbadoes Grenada -

Trinidad -

Bahama I Hands -Bermuda - -

Quebec - -

Halifax -

New Brunswick -St. John’s Newfoundland Placentia Ditto •.Bland of Ceylon

Pav of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and "the Tower of London, with their Allowance lor Coals and Candles - - * ‘■ * ' ' '

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garnlons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, GuernlVy, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages,

Polia^ of Lc tttrs, and other Contingencies - - - " " " .". 7, ~.

OrdinaivBeoai.s of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses making new and repairing old Carnages in the several small Forts, Caliles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and

Fuim.hmc Beds, Bedfieads, Sheets, Are. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks, retained by the Ordnance for the Koval Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common duty of Regiments in Great Britain,

Gueraiey, and Jersey ......

Carried forwtifl *

£. * it

95,949 — 9

6+3 >5 — 9,179 17 690-----

909-----

909-----

909-----

909-----

909-----

909-----

909-----

990 -

900 — —

985-----

845 10 — 701 9 6

899 15 —

146-----

1,390 16 —

4.933 5 —

18,000— —

15,000 — —

3.000 — —'

7

6.000 -

87,416 1

Appendix,

(No. 6.)

50 Decembr

continued i

472

Appendix.

J. 1803.

Fftimate of ti e Charge of the Office of Ordnance—continued.

O u i) l N a R y—-eon t in ucd,

f .----- Brought forward -

Cleaning and Repairing final I Arms in the Tower -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland - - £. 19,894 16 10

Deduct'- - lor Officers serving in Ireland, ami paid there ----- 1,489 —

Ireland, coniming of 11,090 Men, ().*ic*ts included -

Deduct - - The Pay of 1’ive Field Officers, One Quarter Matter, Ten Marching and One Company of Invalids serving in Ireland, and paid there

7 1 ► 7 / X w O

Deduct - - The Pay of a Field Officer and One Troop, serving in Ireland, and paid there

Pay of Surgeons on the Medical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance -Deduct - - The Pay or Surgeons serving in Ireland, and paid there -

ll 369,659 !’ . 45,561 11 2 12 2

s , 88,402 IO —

11,015 2 y

4,830,17 n

55» 5 9


Fftildishment of the Ci\il Officers, Professors, and Mailers of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -JEtiablillunert of a Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmeti ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, lfalf-pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Per.fions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to Its Majesty’s Warrants -

Sums to be paid at tjio Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the'Sum of £. 3,307,86°. 9. 2. being the amount of this Eu mute ——

Ordinary -

EXTRAORDINARY S, 1804

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of the Fortifications, Artillery Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - -- -- -- - ^.4,500-----

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - -- -- - 600-----

' NEW BRUNSWICK: -

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

Tor Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

' For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

' Q U E B E C:

B £ R M U D A: BAHAMA ISLANDS: JAMAICA:

T RI X I D A D: ANTIGUA:

ST. C 1IRISTOPHER: DOMINICA: BARBADOES:

ST. VINCENT: GRENADA:

ST. LUCIA: TOBAGO:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general ——

Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending llis Majesty’s Forces in the West India Islands and Demerara; also for Contingencies ——

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works - - # -

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works - For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines Contingencies in the Engineers Department -Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeepers Departments For a Supply of Building Materials and Stores -

For Repairs of the Fortifications and Military Buildings For a Supply of Ordnance and Stores -

MALTA:

- - 5,242 19 —

- - 2,647 13 6

- - 12,660 19 4

- - 4,740 18 6

- - 2,470 18 6

- 2,237 9 8

m ‘ * - 20,000

m - 20,000

— —

ISLAND OF CEYLON:

For Current Service, and Contingencies' - - - - 4,000-----

For Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, captured in the several Forts and Garrisons in the Island, by the joint

operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies -

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers

374H —

1,408 11 7

GUERNSEY:

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George, and other places in the Island For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores -

Pay of Half a Company, of Royal Military Artificers -

5,72.5-----

H-77* * 3 1,408 11 7

For Repairs, and Current Service

ISLE OF MAN:

Carried forward

87,116 1 9

2,000-----

18,405 16 8

324,097 19 -2

4

77>387 7 S

4,279 12 2

4>,44 »4 9 4,044 t> —

34,498 2 4

5,247-----

561,520 19 11

£. s. d.

6,500-----

5,100-----

500 -----*

3.000 — — 500 — —*

3.000 -

2.000 -

6.000 — —.

3.000 -

3.000 -

3>°oo-----

7.000 -

5.000 -

4.500 -

3.000 -

2.500 -

1,881 18 6

40,000-----

50,000-----

40,000-----

414,4 — 1

8,302 11 7

21,905 13 10 200-----

61,394 4 —

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

473 ‘

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—continued.

Extii aordin a hies, i 8 o 4—continued.

Brought forward -

IRELAND:

For Iron Ordnance, Round Shot, and other Stores - -- -- - 17,321 17

For Irou Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, lent for arming Vessels for the Defence of that part of the United Kingdom - -- -- -- 44,046

SCOTLAND: -

3

5 5

For Repairs of the several Forts, Cadies, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

CINQUE PORTS:

For Works and Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies »•-----*■

CHATHAM:

For Repairs at Chatham, Gillingham, Upnor Cufile, and Cockhamwood Fort, Current Service, and

Contingencies ----- - 5,002 — -—

For repaii ing and improving the Lines, and to form a Communication with the opposite fide of the Midway 60,000-

'low arils erecting a Barrack and Arienal for small Arms, Storehouses and Stables for a Depot of Artillery 36,700-

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- -- - 2,817 3 2

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies; also, for improving the Defences of the Camion -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works and Buildings - -- -- -- 4,405 — —

For the Wages of Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend

and Tilbury - -- -- -- - 2,000 ~ —

FEVERSHAM: :-----

For Repairs of the Buildings, and to erect a Ilorfe-corning House, Press-house, and Powder Magazine -

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Old Works, and other Buildings, at Portlinouth, and various places in the Division Towards completing Cumberland fort ——

Towards enlarging the Gun-wharf ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GOSPORT: -

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and to reform and rivet the Lines; also, for erecting Fences - 53,500-

For re-forniing the Grand Battei v, and South-west Bullion, at Blockboule Fort ----- 3,000-

Pav of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- ----- 2,817 3 2

PLYMOUTH:

8,600-----

4,500-----

12,000-----

2,817 3 2

Towards improving, and adding to the Defences, and for Repairs of the Lines and Citadel; and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Bland, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Castles, and at Scilly island;

Current Service, and Contingencies - -- -- -- - 33,174-----

Fay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- -- - 2,817 3 2

WOOLWICH: -

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - - - 7,00a-

Towards erecting Workday s, Storehoulc and Offices; Stables and Barracks for Gunner Drivers; a new Academy, and Barracks lor Cadets, and other Military Buildings; also, on Account of Magazines to

be erected on the Effiex Shore, opposite the Warren - -- -- 130,400--

Towards completing the New Wharf - -- -- -- - 18,400-----

For maintaining a Military Ferry from the Warren to the opposite Shore ----- 753 —,-

Pay of a Company of ltoyal Military Artificers ----- 2,817 3 2

ROYAL LABORATORY: -

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labpurers and Artificers ——

WALTIIAM ABBEY:

Towards eroding Ilorfe-corning Houses, Press-houses, and Magazines for Saltpetre and Gunpowder; also, for Repairs of Buildings ——

DEPOTS of ARTILLERY and POWDER MAGAZINES:

For erecting the various Buildings necefihry to form an Artillery Depot at Warley - 33,000-

Towards erecting Powder Magazines at Weedon Beck, 100,000-----

And other Buildings - - near 1 lungerford, J - - - - 6,000-----

DEFENCE of the COUNTRY:

For Repairs of the Batteries on the Coafis, and keeping them in an improved (late of Defence - For Iron Ordnance, Ammunition and Stores, for the various Batteries on the Coasts - - - . -

For Iron Ordnance, Ammunition and Stores; also, for fuadry Depots of intrenching Tools for interior Defence ——

For Iron Ordnance, Ammunition and Stores, for arming Vessels for the additional Protection of the Coasts and the River Thames - - -

21,140-----

14,256 12 4

26,329 8 8

24,227 4 —.

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS, &c.

For Contingencies of Artillery -

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery -

On account of the Allowance in lieu of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain - - .-

On Account, for the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain ——

On Account of the additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for quartering Non-commissioned Officers «and Privates of the lloyal Regiment of Artillery ——

Pay of a Company of Foreign Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confifiing of. 109 Men, Officers included -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Gunner Drivers attached to the Royal Artillery

in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ----- 98,776 18 8

Deduct - - The Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and paid there - 24,390 211

On Account, for the Forage, Hire, and supply of Draught Horses attached to the Artillery and employed in the Ordnance Service, at the several Stations in Great Britain; also, for the Hire of Condu&ors and Drivers, and for Contingencies For Gi for!

Gun Carriages, Waggons, Ilorfe Ilarness, Ammunition and Stores, for the Parks of Artillery, and r Battalion Guns attached to Regiments of Foot and Militia in Great Britain -

9,600-----

3,000-----

10.000 —

15.000 -

4,000-----

1,760 3 1

74.3*6 15 9

358,944 *5 9

103,132 l6 lO

REGIMENTS of FOOT: -

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Tumfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles to the effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain

VOL. 59.

Carried forward

6

£■ '■ d.

261,394 4 —

61,368 2 8

6,200 -

1,500-----

2,000 ——

18,288 -----*

104,519 3 2

8,000-----

6,405 -— 10,200 — —

27,917 3 9

59,317 3

35.99* 3

159,370 3 2

10,000 -----—

20,156 — li

139,000 — —

85,953 5 —

579,824 n. 5

10,000 —

1,607,4031910

Appendix,

(No. 6.)

5® Decembris,

continued.

474

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 6.)

5® Decembr

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—continued.

Extraordixaiues, 18 04—continued.

Brought forward * -

TENTS:

Tor a supply for Regiments I.-*-*-----*--*-

SMALL ARMS, PIKES, and ACCOUTREMENTS:

To replace the Ifi'ues for the Service of the Army, Militia, and Volunteers, frnce the Commencement of

the War ...... 684,485 6

Dediidt - * Small Arms and Accoutrements issued for Ireland, and charged under the

Ilea i of " Unprovided Services" in this Estimate .... 79,269 7 3

£.605,216 5 3

On Account of a further Supply for the Volunteers ...... 100,000---

SALTPETRE:

For an additional Quantity beyond the usual Supply taken by the Ordnance -

Extraordixaries

Ordinary -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries

Unprovided, 1803 ? -

Total - - for Great Britain «. - - - £.

£• *• d. 1,607,403 19 10 40,000 -

FOR SERVICE IN IRELAND:

To replace the Sum advanced by the Exchequer in Ireland, for Ordnance Services in that part of the United Kingdom, to 31ft December 1803, beyond the Grants by Parliament for the said Services On Account, for the Civil and Military Expences of the Ordnance in that part of the United Kingdom,

for the year 1804 * 330,000

0,000 — —

Irish Money -

being, in Sterling

Total - - for the United Kingdom

£.400,000-----

705,316 5 3

40,000 — —

2,392,620 5 1

561,520 *9 11

2.954»14* 5 —

4»i.7>9 4 2

3,367,860 9 2

369>*3 *5 4

3>737>r9* 4

Office of Ordnance, ) 5th December 1803.)

Howe•

A. Boss.

fV. W. Pole.

Jos. Hunt.

Appendix, (No. 7.)

6° Decembris.

RETURNS to an Order of the House of the 7th day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, u That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, respectively, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Assize;—and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from those levied for other Purposes.*

COUNTY OF ANTRIM.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by Presentments of Grand Juries, for the last Ten Years, ending with the Summer Assizes of 1802; distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes.

For General Total levied at

YEARS and ASSIZES. Purposes. For the Militia. each Assize.

\ Lent - £• s. d. £■ 1. d. £■ s. d.

1793| - 5,565 l9 4 5,565 l9 4

1 Summer - 4.863 11 4 - - 4,863 11 4

•794| | Lent -I Summer 5.59» 5,782 6 7 6£ 1 " - - 5,59> 5,782 6 6£ 7 1

>795 ] \ Lent - 6,114 1 -1 - - 6,114 6,026 1 —i

1 Summer 5,940 9 11 86 s 4 18 3

179C | ) Lent - - 5,851 19 9 H3 7 8 5,995 7 5

I Summer 6,714 6 11 110 9 5 6,828 16 4

>797 ] \ Lent - - 5,781 18 10 209 »7 11 S,99i 16 9

[ Summer - 7,778 16 *h 99 2 — 7,877 18 8£

17981 1 Lent - - 7,94* 6 3 152 19 9 8,094 6 —

1 Summer - 6,976 18 7 113 10 — 7,090 8 7

>799 j i>nt -[ Summer w 6,985 8,255 4 5 6 8 H5 89 8 3 7,130 8,344 4 6 13

1800 j j Lent - - 8,171 }7 8 174 17 8,346 14 8

[ Summer - 8,065 — 1 33 16 — 8,098 16 1

1801 < \ Lent - - 9,483 H 1 65 10 — 9,549 4

| Summer - 9,072 2 1 35 10 — 9,107 12 1

1802 < \ Lent - - >o,353 8 8 28 16 — 10,382 4

[ Summer 8,850 12 2 10 — — 8,860 12 2

Totals - £■ 144,140 7 * 00 s r— 12 4 145,638 >9 6$

Total

Certified 28th Novr 1803.

Recapitulation: Levied for General Purposes - - For the Militia -

Hu. Kirk,

Seer Grand Jury,

and Treasurer’s Clerk.

,44>H° 7 2J 1,498 13 4

£■ 145,638 19 6J

44 Geo. III.

Appendix;

475

COUNTY OF ARMAGH.

A RETURN of the different Sums presented by Grand Juries on this County, commencing Spring Assizes 1793/

03d June 1803.

YEARS. Spring Assizes. r Summer Assizes. Militia. Sum Total.

£. *. d. £■ *■ d. £■ ’■ d. £■ *• d.

1793 * 3,989 15 Ilf 3,424 9 —J - 7,414 5 —

1794 * 3.3° * 4 6 3,760 16 io - 7,062 1 4

1795 * 3.952 17 9 3,9+9 H ii - 7,902 11 lof

1796 - * ' * 6,594 i° 5i 3,837 13 64' 284 15 — 10,716 19 —

1797 * 4,108 16 5,8n 17 94 2,132 11 84 12,053 6 3

1798 - 5.5+1 18 if +.433 — 4 1,166 14 —f 11,141 12 5?

1799 - - - 5,083 1 —f - 4,9i8 — if 931 4 — 10,932 5 i2

1800 - 6,627 5 7 4,404 2 9 724 14 —4 11,756 2 4 J

1801 - 6,989 7 6 6,084. 6 10$ 304 1 6A •3,377 15 11

180*2 - 7-3+7 * 8$ 6,764 15 ioi 310 7 6 14,422 yi 1

£■ 53.536 6 4i 47,388 17 34 5,854 7 92 106,779 11 54

William Irving,

Treasurer.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Decrmbris, continued.

COUNTY OF CARLOW.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums raised by the Grand Juries respectively, for the lad Ten Years:—Didinguishing each Year, and each Assizes; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from those levied for other Purposes; Viz.

The several ASSIZES, and the Year.

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 2,764 4 11 —

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £• 1,°49 3 — —

Amount in the Year - - £• 3,813 7 11 —

1794-*

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 2,825 14 —

Levied at Summer Assizes - - - £■ 1.H7 it 1 z £■ 22 19 —

Amount in the Year - - £■ 3-973 5 2 £■ 22 19 —

1795?

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 2,660 18 4 £■ 72 6 —

Levied at Summer Assizes - - - £■ 1.248 3 £■ 52 9 —

Amount in the Year - - £■ 3,909 1 si £■ 124 15 —

1796:

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 2,937 18 9l £■ 85 8 —.

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £■ 1,075 — 10 £■ 53 12 —

Amount in the Year - £■ 4.012 19 7i £■ 139

1797: ■

Levied at Spring Assizes - £• 2,117 10 l} £■ 337 12 2-

Levied at Rummer Assizes - - - £- 2,126 1 1 £ 3*3 16 5

Amount in the Year - - £■ 4,243 11 2f £ 651 87

1798:

Levied at Spring Assizes - . - £■ 3,329 5 — £ H7 1 —-

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £■ 2,378 H OO ■Nw £■ 97 15

Amount in the Year - - £■ 5,707 19 OO £ 244 16 6

1799: -

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 3.489 13 9i £ 53i 12 9

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £■ 1,982 16 1 £■ 8-6 17 —

Amount in the Year - - £■ 5,472 9 10.1 £■ 618 9 9

1800:

levied at Spring Assizes - - £■ 4,o°3 9 4 £■ 713 2 —

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £■ 2.853 2 5i £ 101 9 —

Amount in the Year - - £■ 0,856 11 91 £■ 814 11 —

1801:

Levied at Spring Assizes - - £• 6,245 H 1L £ S46 6

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £• 2,485 11 -4 £■ 174 6 —

Amount in the Year - £■ 8,731 5 11I £1 ,020 12 —

1802:

Levied at Spring Assizes - £■ 5,775 12 n —

Levied at Summer Assizes - - £• 1,658 13 1 —

Amount in the Year - £■ 7,444 5 9i —

Sums levied for the Purposes of the County.

Sums levied for Militia Purposes.

Yearly Amount.

id I H I i

3

Total

D° -

D<» -

Da -

D°

3/315 7 11

3.996 4

4.033 16 5s

4.i5» 19 7

4,894 19 9$

5,952 16

6,090 19 7}

7.671 * 9i

9.75i 17 nj

7.444 5 92

June 21ft, 1803.

Jof'ph Reare

Treasurer of the County of Carlow:.

r

476

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7 )

6* Decembris,

continued.

COUNTY OF CORK.

A RET UR N of the Sums of Money raised by Preferments on the County of Cork for the Ten years laftpad, ending at Spring Assizes 1803; diliinguiffiing the Sums raised at each Assize, and also the Sums raised lor the Militia.

ASSIZES. Money raised for Public Works. Militia,

£■ d. £. d.

1793 " - Summer - - 9,626 9 9 -

1794 Spring - - - - 9,558 *8 —J -

Summer - 10,099 8 6l " *

1795 - - Spring - - - 11,000 3 5i -

Summer m - 8,668 1 9 3°° —

1796 - - Spring - - - - 12,777 17 8 632 — —

Summer - - 9,9+9 16 9l 5+7 — —

1797 - - Spring - - - +,79* — 8 1,253 — —

Summer - 7,646 1 5 701 10

1 00 o> IN r* - Spring - - - 9,626 19 + 800 — —

Summer - - 7,970 8 10 400 —

1799 ' - Spring - - - 9,164 9 — 1,100 18 5

Summer - - 11,65812 10J 1,445 8 *4

l80Q - - Spring - - - 12,054 17 9j 922 8 7

Summer - - n,959 5 8 1,031 13 9

1801 > - Spring - - - 16,281 10 H 805 8 6

Summer - - 14,911 13 -k . 7°5 15 9

1802 * - Spring - - - - i/,i92 5 10 A 753 4 —

Summer V " - 18,048 5 10 -

ISO} - - Spring - - - - 22,164 11 3 * -

Totals.

9,626

9,558

10,009

11,000

8,963

13,409 10,496

6,045

8,347

10,4,6

8,37°

10,265

13,104

12,977 12,090

17,086

15,677

17,945 18,048

22,164 11 3

«. d. 9 9

—1 8 oj

3 5i 1 9

17 8£

16 9i — 8 11 5

19 4

8 10

7 5 1 —

6 4$

19 5 19 2|

8 9if

9 lo! 5 10

N.B.—The Money raised under the Head of " Militia Money" is for Bounty to Militia Soldiers, and Family SubliHr’nce Money. 22d June 1803.

J.W.De LaCour,

Treasurer*

CITY OF CORK.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Juries of the City of Cork for the lad Ten Years, from Spring Assizes 1793

to Spring Assizes 1803, inclusive.

Year. ASSIZES. Particulars of the Sums raised. Amount of each Assizes. Amount of each Year.

1793 At Spring Assizes -Summer Assizes - £. d. £■ s. d. 3,611 12 11 1,942 19 8f £. *. d. 5,554 12 7i 4t4»2 10 8

1794 At Spring Assizes -Summer Assizes - 2,439 18 5f 1,982 12 2f

1795 At Spring Assizes -Summer Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes - 1,866 JO if 153 6 — 2,492 3 8J 2,019 16 1}

4,511 19 10

1796 At Spring Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes - 2,427 7 if 328 9 — 2,755 16 1 i 2,207 8 11}

Summer Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes - 1,989 — lif 218 8 —

4,963 5 I

>797 At Spring Assizes - - -Militia Families at said Assizes - 1,486 12 3 392 19 — 1,879 11 3 1,953 13 9

Summer Assizes - - 3,833 5 —

1798 At Spring Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes, for year - one 2,945 — 5 602 8 1 3,547 8 6 3,062 4 9J

Summer Assizes -Militia Families at said Assizes - 2,709 10 iof 352 13 11

At Spring Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes - 6,609 13 3j

1/99 - 3,747 9 2f 245 10 6 3,992 19 8f 3,980 7 11

Summer Assizes - Militia Families at said Assizes Militia Bounty at D° - - m 3,287 1 5 374 16 6 318 10 —

7,973 7

1

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

City of Cork—continued.

Year. ASSIZES. Particulars of the Sums raised.

1800 At Spring Assizes - £■ 4,607 s. d. 15 A

Militia Families at said Assizes - - 424 18 —

Militia Bounty at D° - - . \ 41a —

Summer Assizes - * m 4>>67 11 8

Militia Families at laid Assizes - - 159 9 —

1801 At Spring Assizes -

Summer Ailizes - - 3.388 2 2

Militia Families at said Assizes, year - for one 391 6 —

1802 At Spring Assizes - . 4.794 7 9

Militia Families at said Assizes - - 341 10 —

Summer Assizes - _ 5,027 3 7 1

Militia Families at said Assizes — 16 4 —

1803 At Spring Assizes - 5,7°* 1 2

Militia Bounty at said Assizes 80 15 3

Jane 25th,

Cork, 7 > 1803.)

Amount of each Assizes.

£• d.

5,444 13 6

4,327 — 8 x

4,623 14 9|

3,779 8

5,i35 17 9

5,043 7 7i

5.780 16 5

Amount of each Year.

£• d.

9,77i 14

8403 3 —

10,1 79 5 4I 5,780 16 5

477

Appendix

* (No. 7 )

6° Decembris,

continued.

Wm Phillips,

Treasurer of the County of the City of Cork*

COUNTY OF CLARE.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums levied by Order of the Grand Jurors of the County of Clare, from Spring Assizes 1793 to Spring

Assizes 1803, both inclusive.

Date.

1793 DJ

1794 D°

1795 D°

1796 D°

1797 D°

1798 D°

*799

D"

l80©

D°

1801

D°

1802

D°

1803

ASSIZES.

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring; Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

rw

Money levied for

Militia Purposes

£■ '• d.

Money levied for

County Purposes.

d.

290 11 9l 1,401 3 4 1,691 15 ii

436 5 9 7.312 *3 6J 7,748 19 3l

00 00 19 1 1,554 1 11 2,043 1 —

526 11 — ‘ 830 19 11J i,357 10 n|

33 13 — 1,683 3 3 1,986 16 3

545 *3 6 5,414 10 u| 5,96o 4 5i

224 10 — 2,577 H 3i 2,862 4 3l

224 15 7 5,351 11 n| 5,576 7 «l

219 H — 3,288 1 i| 3,507 15 i|

721 8 6 6,292 9 9i 7,oi3 18 3l

3°° H — 3,053 11 7l 3,354 5 7i

557 2 —- 8,146 16 — 8,703 18 —

462 — — 3.-64 4 9i 4,226 4 9l

57^ — 6 11,565 3 — 12,135 3 6

VOL. 59.

Total

6 F

Amount of

both together.

£• *■ d.

4,113 6 6$

1,673 4

4.9H 11 ij 2,639 7 8J

5,240 18 7!

5,480 17 — 11,426 12 10J

93,297 2 2I

Gilu Dason, TrtftTur*r.

4T8

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Decembris>

continued.

COUNTY OF CAVAN.

Aw ACCOUNT of the several Sums raised oft the County of Cavan for the lad Ten Years, beginning Summer Assizes 1793 ending Lent Assizes 1803; with an Account of the several Sums included in it, paid for the Cavan Militia and Militia Wives.

and

£• s. d.

Laid on the County , Summer Assizes - 1793 993 17 2

D° L£nt AflizeS - - 1794 2,232 1 3

• - D® - Summer Assizes - 1794 1,123 7 5 £• r. d.

T>° Lent - 1795 2,611 5 10J

- - D® - - Summer - - 1795 5^5 12 2 Paid Militia Wives m - 6 — —

I)® Lent - - - 1796 3>*39 19 5$ - 4 8 —

- - I)® - - Summer m - 1796 1,226 16 6A m " 4 — —

D° , Lent - _ 1797 2,547 15 n - 7 — —

D° - - Summer - 1797 2,176 2 1 To reimburse the Treahiry - 182 — —

, j. D® m Lent - 1798 *,952 9 2J Militia Wives - - - 66 10 6

- D° - - - - 33 5 3

- - D® - - Summer - 1798 1,093 4 1 Arrears of Militia - - 86 11 3

D° Lent •1 1 1799 3,182 18 3; To Col. Barry - - - 320 15 6

Militia Wives - - - 33 5 3

- - D® - - Summer - - 1799 1,416 12 5 To Col. Barry I Militia Wives -: - 34 33 2 5 6 3

- ~ D° - - Lent - - - 1^00 3^93 — 10J I - D° - - - * 34 12

- - D° - - Summer - - 1800 1,516 14 5 A 1 - D® - 1 - - - 25 — —

_ m D° _ Lent - 4.081 17 2i 1 ~ D® - - - - 22 8 -—

• - - D® - - Summer - - | 1,600 5 7~ - D° - - - - 19 6 —

•4 — D® Lent - .. _ 1802 I ' H 12 2 To Col. Barry - - - 194 10 —

1 Militia - 29 12 —,

» - D® - - Summer - - l3c2 .> 2 6 -

- - D® - - Lent - - - 1803 6, '-7 J7 3l ——

Total laid on in Ten Years -£■ 40,! 59 12 3 4 mm £■ 1,136 11 6

By the above Account it appears there was laid on the County of Cavan the sum of Forty-nine Thousand One Hundred and Fifty-nine Tounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny; of which, One Thousand One Hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Sixpence was for the use of the Cavan Battalion of Militia and their Wives; exclusive of a Cess laid on the several Parishes in the County 0t Lent Assizes 1797, according to the Population of each Parish, by Vestries in each Parish, and paid Col. Barry, by each Parish; which did not go through the Treasurers hands, or was not laid on by the Grand Jury.

Ballyhaies, 7 *7th June 1803.3

Ralph Hannan,

Treasurer of the County of Cavan*

CITY OF DUBLIN.

An ACCOUNT of* the Sums raised by the several Sessions and Term Grand Juries of the City of Dublin, for the last Ten Years,

distinguishing each Year, and the Sums levied for Militia.

1793*-

Easter Sessions Midsummer D® Michaelmas D°

Easter Term Michaelmas D®

1 79 4:

January Sections Easter D° -Midsummer D® Michaelmas D°

Easter Term P+ Michaelmas

£■ '■

504 5 4 764 2 — 368 13 8

Amount of Sessions Presentments

J793}

- 3.474 — —i

- 5.031 14 7i.

Amount of Term Present* for 1793

«. d.

1,637

8,505 14 8

Total Amount of Sessions and Term

Presentments for 1793

1

i.

- * * 1,929 to —

- 270 10 —

- 398 8 6

- 1,000 13 7

-----'

Amount of Sections Present1 for 1794

*• d.

- 8.813 5 ii

- - - - i,754 io 2j

£. *. d.

3,599

7,567 15 4

Amount of Term Present* for 1794

« f 1

Amount of Sections and Term Presentments > for the Year 1794 - - - -)

Gross Amount carried forward - £.

10,142 15

11,166 17 5

*1,309 13

44 Geo. III. Appendix*

47 9

City of Dvblin—continued.

1795-January Sessions Easter D° Midsummer D* Michaelmas D°

Gross Amount brought forward -

£• *• * d.

1,456 5 8

524 10 10 1,438 10 — 441 18 5

Easter Term -Militia at D° -Michaelmas Term -Militia at D° -

Amount of Sessions Present* for 1795 )

- - - - 2,240 14 11

79 12 — 5,103 17 2

659 17 6

Amount of Term Presentrfor 1795 }

£• d.

3,861 4 11

8,084

Total Amount of Sessions and Term Presentments for 1795

1796. January Sessions Easter D° Midsummer D° Michaelmas D°

Easter Term -Militia at D® -Michaelmas Term Militia at D° -

£■ 808 5

562 18 1,317 17

d.

8

4.

5

787 12 —

Amount of Sessions Present* 1796 }

3,359 16 10J 624 15 — 1,809 9 6J

- 1,151 7 3

Amount of Term Present* at 1796

m86 13 5

7»°45 8 8

Total Amount of Sessions and Term Presentments for 1796

1797-January Session Easter D° Midsummer D° Michaelmas D°

Easter Term -Militia at D° -Michaelmas Term Militia at D° -

l *.

446 7 9

275 — 6 476 13 6

1,552 5 11

Amount of Sessions Present’ 1797 - a,101 12 3

1,385 9 5 - - - 1,901 17 4

- - 1,104 3 r-

Amount of Term Present* for 1797

2,750 7 8

6,493 2 o

Total Amount of Sessions and Term Presentments for the year 1797

1798. January Sessions Easter D° Midsummer D° Michaelmas D°

Easter Term -Militia at D° -Michaelmas Term Militia at D° -

£• *• 615 2

471 8

744 19

d.

9

5

1

- 564 18 6

Amount of Sessions Present* 1798

2,294 11 5

764 11 1

- 4,175 13 —

587 10 8

Amount of Term Present* 1798

2,396 8 9

7,922 6 2

Total Amount of Sessions and Term Presentments for the year 1798

1799-January Sessions Easter D° Midsummer D° Michaelmas 1)#

Easter Term -Militia at D° -Michaelmas Term Mditia at D° -

1800. January Sessions Easter D° ' -Midsummer D° Michaelmas D°

Easter Term Militia at D° -Michaelmas Term Militia at D° -

£■ '■ d. 7*9 13 —

- - - 439 11 9

584 18 9

854 1 9

Amount of Sessions Present* 1799 '

- 3,754 1 8

- - - 47o 15 7

- - - 3,489 4 9

478 15 10

Amount of Term Present’ 1799

1,598 5 3

8,192 17 10

Total Amount of Sessions and Term Presentments, 1799 - j

£■ d. 517 6 it

629 18 10

577 7 9 440 6 6

Amount of Sessions Present* 1800 j

- 3,75718 —

445 8 8

3,259 1 — 376 11 —

2,165 —

Vo i* 59*

Amount of Term Present’ for 1800 f 7>8s8 18 8

Total Amount of Sessions and Terra Presentments for the Year 1800

Gross Amount carried forward - - £.

£■ *• d.

21,309 13

11;945

6 6

10,532 2 1

9,243 9 8

10,3,8 14 11

10,791 j 1

10,003 18 8

84,144 8 —

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6* Decembris, continued.

-----V/

Appendix, (No. 7.)

6* Decemb,

continued.

4SO

Appendix.

A. 1803;

City of Dublin—continued. - ' £. 3. d.

Gross Amount brought forward - 1801: &4,*44 * —

January Sessions ' * Eader - 1)° Midsummer D® Michaelmas D® - 638 3 6 - - - - 535 7 10 - 340 16 2 - 521 6 2 ■%

Eader Term ^Militia at D* Amount of Sessions Present* 1801 £. 3. d. - - - - 2,986 14 7 58 10 — | 2,«>35 13 8

'Michaelmas D® - - 4,042 8 4

Militia at D® - - - 55 ,8 — |

Amount of Terno Present* for 1801 7,‘43 *0 11

1802:

January ScfTions -Eader D° -Midsummer D® -Michaelmas D° -

Eader Term Militia at D° Michaelmas Term

Total Amount of Sessions and Presentments for the year 1801

£. $. d.

607 12 2

559 5 4 671 14 1

433 5 9

Term > 01 -)

9,»79 4 7

Amount of Sessions Present* 1802

s. d.

- 2,840 13 2 55 18 —

- 3,186 13 8

2,271 17 4

Amount of Term Present* 1802 j 6>o83 4 10

Total Amount of Sedions and Term

Presentrnents for the year 180*2 - )

CROSS AMOUNT for Ten Years - - £. 101,678 14 9

8,355

Jm Rose Baker,

Treasurer of the City of Dublin,

COUNTY OF DUBLIN.

An ACCOUNT of Sums raised by Grand Juries of the County of Dublin respectively, for the last Ten Years; didlnguilbinj each Year, and each Term; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes.

Militia each Term. Militia Yearly. Other Purposes each Term. Other Purposes Yearly. Total Yearly.

SUMS Raised. £. 3. d. £. s. d. r- f. d. 4. d. £• d.

Fader Term - - . 1793 - - - - . 4,890 6 2i

Michaelmas Term - DJ - •» - 4,63217 2 3 41 4l

Eader Term - - . 1794 - ... . 4,897 18 9i 9,523 9,523 3

Michaelmas Term - D° - - •» * - 4,266 17 3

9,164 16 —1 0,164 16 * -4

Eader Term - - - 1/95 - - - -, 4>93 19 —

Michaelmas Term - Du - 119 8 84 - - 4,559 11 1

119 8 84 9,463 10 1 9,582 18 94

Eader Term - - - 1796 - 358 6 —i 5,32 19 i£ '

Michaelmas Term - D° - 477 14 9 - - 4,008 6 4

836 — 9} 9,041 5 4i 9,877 0 2

Eader 'Perm - - 1797 - 358 6 —| 3,630 6 2?

Michaelmas Term - D" - 238 17 4i - - 3,998 4 8

597 3 5f 7,628 10 uj 8,225 14 4i

Ealler Term - - - 1798 - 238 17 4J 3,86317 3?

Michaelmas Term - DJ - 23* 17 4i - - * »,735 >7 ij 6,077 2 h

477 H 9 5,599 H 5x 9

Easter Term - - - 1799 - 238 17 4 - - 3,112 19 5l

Michaelmas Term - D° - 1,254 1 2 i - - 5,083 14 4i

1,492 18 7 8,196 13 10 Q.680 12 5

Eader Term - - - 1800 - 1,o62 12 llj - 5,399 9 2$

Michaelmas Term - D® - - - - 3,980 15 llj

1,062 12 n4 9,380 5 2 £ 10,442 18 1 i

Eader Term - - - 1801 - 955 9 6 - - 4,592 2 —i

Michaelmas Term - D* - 656 17 8 - - 3,74» 8 10 j

Eader Term - - 180a 1,612 7 2 3,713 11 —i 8,333 i° li4 9,945 18 if

JMichuelma* Term - D® 3,815 — 4

Total raised for Militia - - - 6,198 6 4i 7,528 11 24 7,528 ii *1

Total raised for other Purposes - 83,860 1 5i 83,860 1 54 90,058 7 —t 93

£■ 90,058 7 93

Dublin, 27th June 1I03. Henry Baker,

Treasurer.

1

<^o ne

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

481

COUNTY OF DROGHEDA.

Av ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Juries of the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the last Ten Years;

Spring Assizes 1803 included.

Militia. Other Purposes.

Assizes _ April - 15 *793 £■ d- £■ * 163 i2

D° - - D® - 21 - - *794 - - - >34 9

D° - D® - 16 - - 1795 - - - *45 2 9i

D® - - March 8 - - 1796 - - 373 >8 > 190 1 —

D® - - August 3 - - 1796 - - 107 l8 —

D° - - March 31 - - >797 - - - 89 6 3

D° - - August <28 - - >797 - >>8 3 5 —

D® - April 16 - - 1798 - 5> >7 6 173 10 8£

D° - - October 8 - - 1798 - - - 51 17 6

D° - - March 11 - - >799 - - 5» >7 6 257 10 9

D® - - July - *5 - - >799 - - -* N <0 00

D° - - April - 2 - - 1800 - 5> >7 6 388 10 6

D° - - March 23 - - 1801 - . 338 17 3

D° - - April 28 - - 1802 - >2 19 4J 33* >4 >>J

D° - - August 2 - 1802 - 10 7 6

D° - - April 20 - - 1803 - - 365 5 3$

£■ 768 11 4f 2,822 3 7^ - - -. . --

loth July 1803.

Harry Brabazon, Junr.

Treasurer#

Appendix, (No. 7.) 6° Decembris

continued.,

COUNTY OF DONEGAL.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grahd Jury of the said County, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Yea* and each Assize; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, and those for other Purposes.

For various Total Sums

Assizes. Years. Purposes. For the Militia. raised. Observations.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £■ s. d.

Summer - >793 5,786 18 9i - 5,786 18 9h N.B. — By a Mi flake.

Lent - >794 5,183 2 5 h - _ 5,183 2 54

Summer - - >794 4,806 5 — - - 4,806 5 — £• 417. 9*« 3^- were

Lent - . >795 5,898 — - . 5,898 — presented at these Assizes

Summer - - >795 5,635 >9 6 - - 5,635 19 6 more than there ought to

Lent - - - 1796 5,604 12 1 - - 5,604 12 1 have been; and having

Summer - - 1796 5,600 4 8 " - 5,600 4 8 been presented at a tub*

Lent - - >797 6,031 6 — - - 6,031 6 '— sequent Assizes, and ap-

Summer - - >797 5,962 2 3i 1,034 18 6 6,997 — 94

Lent -Summer 8 11 plied to other purposes,

* >798 >798 7,078 8 7,336 11 nj 11 380 — 220 — 7,458 7,556 1>4 11 should be deduded from

Lent - - - >799 7,263 17 2 215 — — 7,478 17 2 the gross Sum presented

Summer - - >799 6,440 — 1 2 170 — — 6,6l0 -4 on account of the Militia;

Lent - - - 1800 7.578 i> 9 225 — — 7,803 11 9 the net Sum paid on that

Summer - - 1800 8,093 3 -J 195 — ■— 8,288 3 -4 Account being only

Lent - - 1801 9,197 >° —i 120 — — 9,3'7 10 -4 £• 2,377. 9', 3

Summer - - 1801 9, H3 11 7 75 — — 9^88 11 7

Lent - - - 1802 8,821 16 if 160 — — 8,981 16 ij

Summer - - 1802 9,276 15 4i - - 9,276 15 44

Lent - - - 1803 9,758 5 -h - - 9,758 5 -4

£■ 140,467 2 -i 2,79418 6 143,262 — 64

James Quin%

For the Treasurer of the County of Donegal,

VOL. 59.

6 G

48&

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7)

6* Decembr,

continued.

COUNTY OF DOWN.

RETURN of tte Sums presented by the Grand Juries of the said County for the last Ten Years; dirtinguishing the Presentments of each Year; and each Assizes; and the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes; as follows:

SUMS presented.

Years.

1793 -

C Lent Assizes ~ ( Summer

1794 -

1795 -

1796 -

1797 -

1798 -

1799 -

1800 -

1801 -

C Lent

* \ Summer

C Lent

* I Summer

( Lent " i Summer

C Lent " I Summer

C Lent ’ \ Summer

C Lent " | Summer

C Lent ’ I Summer

C Lent " | Summer

C Lent I Summer

1802 -

1803 - - Lent

s. d.

- 5.370 17 -i

- 4.976 6 8 "

5.701 >7 2

- 5,618 1 1

- 5,664 16 44

- 5,690 9 1

- 5,494 —

- 3,905 — 1

- 6,887 10 2

- 7,198 4 8

- 6,802 16 6.4

- 6,66o 11 94

- 7,308 4

- 7,359 2 54

- 8,627 9 >>4

- 7,670 11 84

- 7,949 5 >4

• 8,059 1 6

- 8,494 18 44

- 8,612 9 11

- - -

Militia -

»o,347

11,319

11,355 9,399 14,085 13,463 14,667 16,298 16,008

17,107

9,826

s. d.

3

18 3

5 5i — 3f 14 10

8 4

6 8

1 8

6 7J

7 34

9 io|

>43,878

2,014

2 nj 1 7 4

145,89a 4 7I

SUMS levied for Militia.

Years.

1793

C Lent Assizes. Summer.

1795

1799

1800

J \ Lent.,

*1 1 Summer.

J \ Lent. 4i

*1 1 Summer - - 107 7

J \ Lent - - 105 18 74

'i I Summer - - 8414 —

j [ Lent - . 216 3 —

■j I Summer - - 152 ,4 —

1 \ Lent - _ 107 9 —

I Summer - - 179 8 6

j \ Lent _ _ 185 7 —

i I Summer - - 111 5 —

1 \ Lent - _ >47 16

-i I Summer - - 137 18 ij

j ) Lent - . 123 6 —

1 [ Summer - - 203 16 6

j \ Lent 80 16 6

I Summer - - .36 >6 —

- Lent ——

£■ d-

£■ •- a

107 7 44 190 12 74 368 7 — 286 17 6 296 12 — 285 14 1* 327 2 6

117 12 6

33 —

2,014 1 71

Dated this 21ft Day of June 1803.

John Brett,

Treasurer, County of Down*

COUNTY OF FERMANAGH.

A RETURN of the Sums of Money raised by Grand Jury Presentments of the County of Fermanagh, from Lent Assizes 1793 to , Lent Assizes 1803, being a Period of Ten Years; specifying the particular Sums presented at each Assizes, including the Money levied for raising the Militia, and supporting their Families.

Lent Assizes 1793; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac. -

Summer - D* - - - D° ...... -

Lent Assizes 1794; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac. -Summer - D° - - - D* -

Lent Assizes 1795; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c.

Summer - D° - - - Du -

Militia Family Money advanced by the Treasurer at fame Time, and afterwards levied

£• d.

L3i8 4 3$ 47 —

1

Lent Assizes 1796; Sum presented for Roads, Bridges, Ac. -

Militia Family Money advanced at fame lime -

Summer Assizes 1796; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac. -

Militia Family Money advanced at lame lime -

1

Lent Assizes 1797; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. ——

Militia Family Money advanced at fame Time -

Summer Assizes 1797; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. -

Militia Family Money advanced at fame Time -

Sum presented, to be handed over to Receiver General for Repayment of so much Money expended by Government in re-iniifting Militia Men ......

Lent Assizes 1798; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac,...

Militia Family Money advanced at lame Time - ......

Summer Assizes 1798; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c.

Sum presented to Earl Enniskillen, to supply Vacancies in his Regiment -

Militia Family Money advanced at fame Time -

Lent Assizes 1799; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac. -

Sum presented to Earl Enniskillen, to inlist Men for Fermanagh Militia -

Summer Assizes 1799? Sum presented for Roads, Bridges, Salaries, Ac. - -

Militia Family Money advanced at fame Time ......

2,740 19 9

278 1 —

L4*7 4 4i 180 13 —

2,354 2 10

399 7 2

1,597 14

330 7 9

541 9 —

3,023 7 —

295 5 2

L57i 9 8

227 10 —

82 9 9i

3,404 >3 >>4

56 >7 6

1,303 6 >4

60 — —

4

£■ i. d.

2,l86 4 9i

7S5 3 7 f

2,226 J5 3

838 7 9i

2,451 3 9

1,366 — 35-

3t°>9 — 9

1,597 17 4i

2,753 10 —

2,469 11 H

3,318 12 2

] ,83 a 9 34

3,46i 11 5}

1,363 6 i*


44 Geo. IIL

Appendix,

483

County of Fermanagh—continued.

Lent Assizes 1800; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. -

Sum presented to Earl Enniflcillen, to re-enlist Men for Fermanagh Regiment -

Summer Assizes 1800; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. -

Militia Family Money advanced at fame Time -

Lent Assizes 1801; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, Ac. - -

Sum presented to Earl Enniflcillen, to reimburse him for enlisting 65 Men -

Summer Assizes 1801; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. -

Lent Assizes 1802; D° - - - Dn

Militia Family Money advanced by Treasurer at fame time -

Summer Afltees 1802; Sum presented for Salaries, Roads, Bridges, &c. -

Lent Assizes 1803; D° - - - D° ——

Sum presented to Earl Enniflcillen, for enlisting Men for Fermanagh Regiment at £.1. <2s. gd. each -

Total Sum of Money levied for Militia Men's Families -

Total Sum of Money levied for enlisting Militia Men

s. d. £■ s. d.

3.065 8 9 X 3.191 H

126 5 3

U927 9 10 £ 1,967 9 10

40 — — i

3.398 2 — 1 3,545 19 6

147 »7 6 5

- 2,012 li 6

4,810 3 — 1 4,971 16 5i

l6l 13 5 \ 5

2,290 H

00 O 4- 18 1 X 4,378 5 10

69 7 9 1

- _ - £■ 1,875 13 4

- - £■ 1,169 7 —

Appendix, (No. 7.)

6* DecembriSy

continued.

"V

June tfad 1803.

Jason Hajfard,

Treasurer, County Fermanagh.

COUNTY OF GALWAY.

ACCOUNT of the respective Public Cesses, Militia Cesses for the Bounties of Militia Men, and other Militia Ceffes, for the Support of the Families of Men serving in the Galway Regiment of Militia; all of which were cefled and raised off said County, for and within the last Ten Years, ending Lent Assizes 1803; viz.

YEARS and ASSIZES. Amount of Public Cesses. Militia Cesses for the Bounties of Militia Men. * Militia Cesses for Family Siibfistence.

£• *■ d. £. *. d. £. 9. d.

Summer - im 1793 2,661 18 9

Lent - - 1794 6,117 7 ioi

Summer - — 1,624 10 11

Lent 1795 6,707 3 7i

Summer - — 1,798 15 — - 908 12 —

Lent - 1796 6,607 17 ioJ - 938 12 —

Summer - — 1,301 10 . 1,241 16 —

Lent m 1797 i,777 »i - M13 7 —

Summer - — 1,743 — 3 626 15 3 1,107 9 —

Lent - 1798 4,186 8 3 400 —* — 500 13 —-

Summer - — 1,516 12 — - 474 6 —

Lent - 1799 15,73+ 11 3 430 10 6 409 13 —

Summer - — 2,473 3 8 - 323 17 —

Lent - 1800 8,15+ 1 7i - 260 2 —

Summer - — 3,384 19 11 736 16 n 213 — —

Lent - 1801 8,630 6 10 425 13+ 17 —

Summer - — 2,857 18 11 ... 126 2 —

Lent - 1802 12,565 11 - 84 9-

Summer - — 3,700 7 H -

Lent - 1803 13,713 13 53 177

Given under my Hand, this 14th Day of July 1803,

Mich• Daly,

Treasurer,

484

Appendix.

4. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° DecembriSy

continued. l-----

COUNTY OF KILDARE.

RETURN of Money levied by Presentment of Grand Jury, for Ten Years.

£ 4. rf. s.

Spring Assizes Summer 1793 - , - 1.946 2,948 11 2 in- - - 4,894 13 7 i

Spring . - 1794 - - . - 1,001 3,582 15 * i * 4,583 18

Summer 3 31 4

Spring - - 1795 - - - - 1,737 5 6 I. . - 5,127

Summer - . - - 3,389 15 6 t 1

Spring Summer - - 1796 - - - - 1,708 5,4*6 16 :}• - - 7,124 16 10

Spring - - 1797 - - - - 3,343 H 5 l. . * - 6,647 c

Summer - - 3,303 16 - $ 3

Spring Summer 1798 - - 3,628 17 3,366 17 u- - - 6,9-15 H 8

Spring Summer 1799 , - - - 2,459 2,937 4 1 - - 5,396 5 6

Spring - 1800 - - - - 1,651 9 - X - 6,451 •2 c

Summer - - 4,799 13 5 1 0

Spring - - 1801 - - - - 4,299 18 6 I - - - - 11,008 11 1

Summer - - 6,708 12 7 i

Spring Summer - - 1802 - - - - 2, H7 6,100 6 -it- - - - 8,256 6 3

Levied in Ten Years -

Dedud Amount Preferments on Support of Militia

Net Amount of Ten Years Grand Jury Tax for other purposes - £. 63,554 14 7

£.66,485 15

2,931 ~ 6

Average prefen ted per annum -

/• 6,355 9 5 i

Cardinton, A thy, ") June sad, 1803. 3

Tko* J* Rf/u son,

Treas' Co. Kildare.

COUNTY OF KILKENNY.

Tm> RETURN of John Prim, Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny; being the Sums raised by the Grand Jury of the said County, for the lait Ten Years.

The said Treasurer humbly dates, £. s. «/.

That the Sum presented by the Grand Jury of said County at Spring Assizes 1793, was 5,300 1710

That the Sum raised or presented at Summer Assizes 1793, was

That the Sum raised in said County at Spring Assizes 1794, was

at Summer Assizes 1794

That the Sum raised in said County at Spring Assizes 1795, was

at Summer Assizes 1795

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1796, was r at Summer Assizes 1796 £.43. 44. 3 d, whereof was for Militia Families.

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1797, was -at Summer Assizes 1797 £. 19. 84. whereof was for Militia Families.

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1798, was -at Summer Assizes 1798 £. 285. whereof was for Militia Purposes.

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1799, was -at Summer Assizes 1799 £. 30. 2 s. whereof was for Militia Families.

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1800, was -at Summer Assizes 1800 £. 478. 184. 9 d. whereof was for Militia Purposes.

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1801, was -at Summer Assizes 1801 £. %6. 8 4. whereof was for Militia Families,

That the Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1802, was -at Summer Assizes 1802 £. 35* 104. whereof was for Militia Families.

- 2,8So 1 5

Total in 1793

Total in 1794 Total in 1795

6,647 5 10

3,124 12 6±

6,377 19 5 3,051 — 10

5,446 — 10J 2,235 15 11

Total in 1796 ■-} OO *o. l6 9i

- - 2,080 16 5 i

- - - 4,386 *7 5i

Total in 1797 _ _ 6,467 13 11

- - 6,580 4 4

- - - 2,644 *5 %

Total in 1798 - -} 9,224 19 4i

- - 5,483 — >r

- - - 3,243 H 42

Total in 1799 - -} 8,726 H 6

- - - 7,415 8 Hi

- - 4,177 12 10

Total in 1800 - -} 11,593 1 9i

- - - 9,4*5 8 3

- - - 5,252 4 1 U A

Total in 1801 - -} 14,667 12 3i

- - - 8,453 H 7

- - 4,431 2 1

Total in 1802 - -} 12,884 16 9

£. 4. d.

8,180 19 3

9,77i i* 4i

9,429 ~ 42

Total presented for the last Ten Years The Sum of £.918. 11 4. whereof was for Militia Purposes.

£. I 98,628 13' 5

Which is humbly the Return of

John Prim,

Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny*

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

485

city of Kilkenny.

Oliver Leonard, Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny, fends underneath the Return of the SUMS raifal by the Grand tuiiifes of the said City, from Lent Assizes 1798 to Lent AlTizes 1803, the time of his appointment of Treasurer oi the hud City; and humbly informs, that he cannot let forth what was or might have been raised by William Harty, dcreaied, the former ficalmer of the said City, the present Treasurer not having got any Books or Documents whereby to ascertain the lame.

Appendix,

• (No. 7.)

6° Decembrisf

continued.

<----->

To Amount of Presentments.raised for Roads and Salaries, Lent Assizes - 1798 To like - -- -- Summer Assizes 1798

To like for Militia Men's Families - Lent Allizes - 1798

To like - -- -- Summer - - 1798

Total Amount raised said Year

To Amount of Presentments raised as aforesaid * - Lent Assizes - 1799

To like - -- -- Summer Allizes-----•

To like for Militia Men's Families - - - I*ent Allizes - 1799

To like - -- -- Summer - - 1799

To’al Amount raised said Year

To Amount of Presentments raised as aforesaid - - Lent Assizes - 1800

To like - - -- - - Summer ——

To line for Militia Men's Families - Lent Allizes - 1800

To like - -- -- Summer ——

Total Amount raised said Year - -

To Amount of Presentments raised as aforesaid - - Lent Assizes - 1801

To like - -- -- Summer ——

To like lor Militia Men’s Families - - - - Lent Assizes - 1801

To like - -- -- Summer ——

Total Amount raised said Year

To Amount of Preferments raised as aforesaid - - Lent Assizes - 1802

To like - -- -- Summer -

To like lur Militia Men s f amilies - - - Lent Assizes - 1801

Total Amount raised said Year -

To Amount of Preferments raised for Roads and Salaries, Lent Assizes 1803 -

To Amount for Militia Men's Families ——

C *■ d. 357 *4 9 30+ 6 —

4 15 — ■21 16 —

443 2 I® 209 13 1

16-----

30 8 —

490 13 6 301 16 6

58 6 — 27 4 —

459 7 4l 385 >3 — 12 8 — 19 6 —

606 12 10 *54 »S — 3 1* —

} 74*

| <*99

11

3 n

} 878 —

~ 7

Total Amount of Presentments raised since my appointment of 7

Treasurer of the City of Kilkenny -

876 14 4!

804 17 10

54° i* 7

4,608 — 5J

Which I humbly return this 28th Jun6 1803.

Oliver Leonard, Treasurer.

COUNTY OF KERRY*

Ah ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Juries of the County of Kerry, for the I aft Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Assize; and diainguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes.

Y ears. ASSIZES. Total Sums. For Militia Purposes.

£■ *■ d. £• *. d.

>793 - - Spring - - - 3.798 >3 2 —

Summer - - - 2,482 9 7 —

>794 - - Spring - - - 4,748 2 2 —

Summer - - - 3,l64 IO IO —

>795 - - Spring - - - 5,5>> >3 215 —

Summer - - - 3 >4*9 2 4 699 2 —

>796 - Spring - - 5,160 2 11 J 1,62816 —

Suumier - " 4,«>78 2 5 1,224 7 —

>797 c - Spring - - - 5,807 1 3 >,590 — i

Summer - - 3,999 3 2 i,597 i° 3i

>798 m - Spring - «r - 4,349 »> 234 4 9l

Summer - - 1,646 8 2

>7S9 m - Spring - - - 4,063 3 4

Summer - - - 2,288 14 6 £ —

1800 - - Spring - - - 5,«72 9 6 —

Summer - - - 2,527 >9 2 J —

1801 - Spring - - - 6,7*4 >5 6£ —

Summer - - - 4,028 8 if 1,799 1* —

1802 - - Spring - - - 9,906 — 2 1,301 14 3 J

Summer 4,156 8 8 869 7 2

IT. BlcnhajT'^y

Treasr Co. Kerry.

Vo u $$. f H

486

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Decembris,

continued•

KING'S COUNTY.

A* ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by Grand Juries of the King's County for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Assizes; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes.

At Summer Assizes - - - 1793 - - the Sum of 2,965 16 84

Lent - - 94 - - - 751 9 10

Summer D° - - - - 94 - - - 2,957 16 3i

Lent - - D° - - - - 95 - - - 672 9 9

Summer L)° - - - - 95 - - - 2,803 13 9i

Lent - - D° - - - - 96 - - - 684 7 9i

Summer D° - - - - 96 - - - 3,017 H 7i

Lent - - I)° - - - - 97 - - - 785 10 7i

Summer D° - - - - 97 - - - 2,194 1 ol

Lent - - D° - - - - q8 - - - 1,4+7 7 73

Summer D° - - - - 98 - - - 2,661 6

Lent - - D° - - - - 99 - - - 1,763 16 4J

Summer I)0 - - - - 99 - - - 3,595 10 8

Lent - - D° - - - - 1800 - - - L585 12 4

Summer I)° - - - - 180© - - - 4,720 18 23

Lent - - D° - - - - 1801 - - - 12 2 i

Summer D° - - - - 1801 - - - 5,494 13 ioi

Lent - - D° - - - - 1802 - - - 1,972 15 3

Summer D° - - - - 1802 - - - 5,016 7 if

l^nt - - D° - - - - 1803 - - - L573 13 i3

£■ 48,575 13 64

At Lent Assizes - - 1800

Lent D°-----1801

Lent D° -----1802

At Lent Assizes - - 1796

At Summer-----1796

At Lent----- 97

At Summer D° — 97

At Lent and Summer 98 At Lent and Summer 99 At Lent - - D° — i8«o At Summer D* - - 1800 At Lent — D° — 1801 At Summer D° - - 1801

for Levy Money -for D° -for D° -

for the Families of the Militia for D° - -

for D° - -

for D° -

■ for D° - -

for D° -for D° - -

for D° -for I)° - -

■ for D° -

£■ 1. d.

108 — —

447 17 2f

332 17 11

888 15 if

£■ $• d.

791 2 7t

850 13 i|

446 14 io§

620 2 6i

721 8 3

674 16 1

193 12

372 5 4

366 16 '4

•78 18 1

5,316 10 3±

9: Armjtrong,

Treas1*;

CITY AND COUNTY OF LONDONDERRY.

RETURN of Monies presented by the Gr and Jury, and paid by the Treasurer of the City and County of Londonderry, from Lent Assizes 1793 to Lent Assizes 1803; distinguishing the different Sums presented on Account of the Regiment of Militia of said City and County; and distinguishing the Sums presented for other Purposes.

1793

1793-

Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes Summer AlTizes for the fame -

*794-

, C Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes 1/94^ Summer Assizes for the fame - -

*795-

f Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes 1795 < Summer Assizes for the fame ----- £.

£----- for Militia Families Money -

1796.

f Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes

1706 < " " " ~ for Militia Families Money -

j Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes -

C- - - - - for. Militia Families Money -

1797*

Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes - -

for Militia Families Money -

Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes -

for Militia Families Money -

- to reimburse Government its Advance for re-inlisting part of the Soldiers of the Regiment -

- to the Colonel, to supply the Men deficient in the Regiment,

being 181 Men, at £.5. - -

1798.

f Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes 1 ----- for the Militia Families Money 1798 < ----- to enable the Regiment to recruit 33 Mei^ i Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes

V." - - - - for Militia Families Money -

J59

1797\ _ _

539

95

J

- 6,023

Lent Assizes

1799-

for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes 7 - - - - for Militia Families Money -

1J9) Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes L" - - - - for Militia Families Money -

268 1 —

5,631 9 1 225 6 —

1800.

C Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes

1800

j- - - - - for Militia Families Money

} Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes

for Militia Families Money

1801.

CLent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes - - - 8,258

I ----- for Militia Families Money ----- 108

1801\ ^ummer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes - 6,509

* ... for Militia Families Money ----- 120

- - - to enable the Colonel to supply the Deficiencies in the Regiment, being 210 Men, &t £. 5. - - - - 1,050

£■ s. 3.321 8 8J

3,729 15 3i

3,965 2 i§

4,202 13 31

3,645 9 — 4,075 15 2!

4,772 15 —J

4,982 10 2$

4,750 3 1

5,756 11 7

>527 15 —| 4,264 9 4

5,856 15 1 6,559 18 8

6,152 — 11J $746 8 6

8,367 10 4

7,680 — (continued) '

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

487'

City and County of Londonderry—continued. 1802.

C Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes -|8o2< - for Militia Families Money -

I Summer Assizes, for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes -

£■ 8,357 }

5* 5

1803.1'

1803.

Lent Assizes - for Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes - for providing a Store for the Anns of the Militia

- 8,930 200

8,410 1 --

8,745 18 8

9.J3® 7 4

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Decembrist

continued.

I— _ - J

AMOUNT of the Sums presented for the Londonderry Regiment of Militia, from Summer Assizes 1795, to Summer Aflizet

1803; taken from the foregoing Account.

*795

1796

*797

1798

Summer Assizes, for paying the Militia Families Money -Lent Aifizes —

Summer Assizes,

Lent Assizes - -Summer Afliz.es,

for the fame Purpose -for the fame purpose -for the lame Purpose -

Lent Assizes Money -

Summer Assizes, Money -

for the lame Purpose -to reimburie Government, advanced for re-inlilnng to enable the Colonel to fill up the Deficiencies in the Keg1 for paying the Militia Families

to enable the Colonel to till up the Deficiencies- in the Reg1 for paying the Militia Families

£■ s.

lti-2 5 6

>59 7 6 198 11 — 241 IO —

420 10 ---

539 3 —

905-----

339 8

165-----

268 1 —

Londonderry, 7 20th June 1803, 3

*799

1800

1801

1802

1803

Lent Assizes - - for paying the Militia Familie: Money -

Summer Assizes,

Lent Assizes - --Summer Assizes,

Lent Assizes - -Summer Assizes,

for the like Purpose for the like Purpose for the like Purpose for the like Pui pole for the like Purpose to fill up the Deficiencies the Regiment -Lent Assizes — for paying the Militia Families Money -

Lent Assizes - - For providing a Store for the Militia Arms -

s.

225 6 —

253 18 —

48 1 —

182 11 3

108 16

120 *5 —.

1,050 1 —

52 5 —

200 — —

5,640 9 3

Arch& Boyd,

Treasr City and County of Londonderry*

COUNTY OF LIMERICK.

A RETURN of the Sumsraised by the Grand Juries of the County of Limerick, for the lad Ten Years; particularizing each Year and Assizes; and also distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from the Sums which had been levied for other Purposes.

Years.

8793 -1794 -*795 -1796-

*797 -1798 -

*799 -

1800 -

1801 -*802 -

Assizes.

For Public Purposes;

Viz.

Gaols, Bridges, Roads, Fences, Officers Salaries, Ac. &c. &c.

£■ s. d.

Spring - - 4,655 5 5-1

Summer - - 1,978 13 74

Spring - - 6,092 1 74

Summer - - 1,032 13 9k

Spring - 4.503 — —

Summer - " - 1,833 6 10

Spring - 8,194 *4 7

Summer - - 2,102 2 6

Spring - 1,604 *3 84

Summer - - 1,480 *7 8

Spring - 5,020 9 4l

Summer - - i»7*3 18 5

Spring - 5,467 4 1 z

Summer - - 2,243 4 7*

Spring - 7,926 1 if

Summer - - 3,108 5 <5*

Spiing - - 10,448 14 9

Summer - - 2, QOO 19 1

Spring - - 13,686 10 5r

Summer - - 3*755 10 8

89,748 7 10’

N.B.—Though only £.3,755.10. 8.>j was raised for public rurposes, at I Summer 1802, the Presentuicnts I ordered amounted to £. 4.177. 1. 0. I but the Treafuver hud in his hands. ( 4 4

alter paying off all Militia Families I £. 421. iO- 4. winch is transferred I from that Column to this - - J

£.90,169 18

For MILITIA Purposes.

Augmentation of 192 Men to said County Royal Regiment, at £. 10 per Man.

£• '• d.

1,920-----

Deduct for Surplus had been in Treasuror’s Hands, alter paying off all Mdilia Families, and was applied for Public Present-ruent Furpoles.

£. 1,920-----

For the Support of certain Families of Men in the said County Royal Regiment.

d.

9,516 12 6

421 10 4

£•9,095 2 2

For Men at different Times wanted to complete the First Efiablilhmont, caused by Deaths, Discharge, Expiration oi Time, Desertion, 6cc.

To reiiiibiirfe Ilia Majesty's I reaiury, for so much paid oil re-inliliing 109 Men for laid Regiment.

£. s. d.

561 17 3

*,498 4 7

655 *7 11

*519 13

735 — 7 For 52 Men at£. 5. 260 —

1,052 18 54 - - 109 D° - - - 545 —

617 *3 11 - - 24 D° - - - 120 —

407 9 9 - - 79 D° - - - 395 —

3°° — — - - 43 - - - 215 —

781 *3 6 -- 48 D° - - - 240 —

355 *4 10 - - 102 D° - - - 5*o —

535 3 —

495 5 2

- - 71 D° - -

at different Rates

215 4 6

jf. 2,500 4 6

At

45« *4 6

452 14 6

GENERAL RECAPITULATION from the above P A R T I C U L A R S: ‘

Total Presentments for public Purposes, such as Gaols, Bridges, Roads, Fences, Officers Salaries, &c. See. &c. from Spring 1793 to Summer 1802, both inclusive - - . - £.90,169 18 2$

Total Presentments for Militia Purposes during laid Period were as follow; Viz.

For an Augmentation of 192 Mon to the First Establishment of said County Royal Regiment of

Militia, at £. 10 (at Spring Assizes 1795) -----£. 1,920-----

For the Support of certain Families of Men in said Regiment (from Sumilier 1795 to Spring 1802) 9,095 2 2

For iMen at different times wanted to complete the Firit Establishment, caused by Death, Discharge, Expiration of Time, &c. Ac. (from Summer 1797 to Summer 1802) - - - 2,500 4 6

For to reimburie His Majesty's Treasury, so much paid on re-inliffing 109 Men for said County

Regiment (presented Spring 1798) - - 452 14 6

----- *3*968 * 2

TotaL Levies in 10 Years; Viz. from 1793 to 1802, both inclusive - -- - £.104,137 19 4

SPRING ASSIZES 1803: ' "

Presentments.—For Public Purposes, £. 8,152. 3. of.— For Militia Purposes, £. 104. 13.—Viz. to reimburse His Majesty's Treasury for lo much advanced for inliiting 92 Men, at One Guinea, for said County Royal Regiment.

7. Gabbett, Tre*r. Co. LII»k.

488

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Detembr

continued.

COUNTY OF THE CITY OF LIMERICK.

A RETURN of Sums levied by the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Limertck, for the lad Ten Years; particularizing each \ear and Assizes; and also distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from the Sums which have been levied for other Purp'ties.

Year.

1793 -

1794 -

1795

J79« -

1707 -

1798 -

1799 -

iSOO " 1801 -

180^ -

Assizes.

( Spring I Summer

( Spring \ Summer

f Spring ( Summer

( Spring ( Sommer

j Spring \ Summer

( Spring | Summer

C Spring \ Summer

1 Spring ( Summer

) Spring Summer

( Spring f Summer

For Public Purposes:

<----->

Gaols, Bridges, Hoads, Fences, Officers Salaries, &c. Ac.

£■ 8. d.

- - 1,167 H 6

- - 609 17 8»

- - 1,0.7 15 3

- * 566 16 5

- 750 — 5

- - 1,102 12 54

- - 961 6 Si

- - 704 10 7

- - 644 16 3

- - 978 12 3

- - 840 7

- - 1-353 — 8

- - 1,451 4 4l

- - 1.333 7 1

- - 1,600 6

- 1,305 — —

- - 1,361 7 3*

- - 1,144 19 3i

- - 1,908 l6 4

- - 1,802 1 74

£■ 22,594 >3 34

For Militia Purposes:

For the Support of certain Families of Men, Bounty, &c. &c. Sec. per Particulars in this Column,

£■ '• d-

Subsistence for Militia Families Subsistence for Militia Families

488 2 694 12

Subfittence for Militia Families Subfifience lor Militia Families

Subsistence for Militia Families Subsistence lor Militia Families

579 10 — 148 6 —

600 7 3J ’75 1 3|

Militia Men's Bounty ordered by the Court 255-----

Subsistence for Militia Families - - 70 — —

Militia Men’s Bounty ordered by the Court 275-----

Militia Men’s Bounty - - - 250 — —

To reimburse Col1 Vereker Money advanced

by him on the Recruiting Service - 115-----

Subsistence for Militia Families - - 17 10 —

£• 3,668 8 7

TOTALS

For the foregoing Purposes.

1,167

609

1,007

566

750

1,590

1,655

704

1,1124

1,126

1,440

1,518

1,451

1,588

1,670

1,580

1,611

1,144

*. d.

14 6

17 8$

15 3

16 5

— 5

H 53

>8 3l

IO 7

6 3

18 3

15 3 1 11J

4 4i 7 1

6 6±

7 3ft

,9 3ft

2,023 16 4 1,819 11 7\

£. 26,263 1 10$

Limerick, June 2

nerick, 7 2d, 1803.

Thom* Weftropp,

Treasr City Limerick.

COUNTY OF LOUTH.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Jury of the County of Louth, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Assize; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from those levied for other Purposes.

Sums ordered to be raised at

each Assizes.

£. d.

1 Spring Assizes - - 1793 - - 3,804 6 8J

— Summer - - - - 1793 - 1,169 9 5

2 Spring m 1794 _ _ 5,023 14 —

— Summer - - - - 179+ - - 1,683 16 3

3 Spring m . 1795 4,279 18 8

Summer - - - - 1795 - - 1,679 10 4

4 Spring _ 1796 5,996 2 8

— Summer - - - - 1796 - - 1,583 16 2

5 Spring _ _ 1797 _ 4,275 12 2

— Summer - - - - 1797 - - 1,936 14 2

6 Spring _ 1798 _ _ 4,157 17 —

Summer - - - - 1798 - - 1,679 19 7

7 Spring 1799 _ 3,828 15 9

— Summer - - - - 1799 - - 1,118 14 —

8 Spring 1800 . 4,159 3 5

Summer - - - - 1800 - - 1,463 19 7

9 Spring 1801 5,302 17 8

— Summer - - - - 1801 - - * <O 00

10 Spring 1802 _ 4.303 13 n

— Summer - - * - 1802 - - 1,303 6 9

Total for the Year. Included for Militia Purposes.

£■ *• d. £. 4. i.

4,973 16 il

6,707 10 3 3

- . 285 — 10

5,959 9 —

- - 166 7 —

- - 331 — 41

7,579 18 IO

- - 205 4 11

- - 557 10 4

6,212 6 4

- _ 409 18 —

5,83716 7

4,947 9 9

- - 80 17 8

- - 14 3 8

5,623 3 —

- - 100

5,4^2 5 9 i

- - 12 10 7

- - 7 3 5 3

5,607 — 8

58,870 16 4 3 2,169 15 10

Dundalk, 7 31 June 1803,3

Errors excepted..

John Page, Treasurer.

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

489

COUNTY OF LEITRIM.

RETURN of Money raised by the Grand Jury of the fairi County, for the last 'l^n Years, including the Money raised for

Lent Assizes Summer

Lent

Summer -

Lent

Summer -

Lent

Summer -

Lent

Summer

Lent

Summer -Lent

Summer -Lent

Summer -Lent

Summer -Lent

1794

- 1795

- 1796

- 1797

- 1798

1799

- 1800

1801

- 1802

£■ s. d.

2,011 & _ 1 /

M99 16 7

2,148 9

1.763 5 2

2,349 13 1

650 13 5

2,35+ 8 3

1,246 9 3

2,643 7 6

862 + 6

2,324 15 4

1,655 12 6

2,938 14 2

L477 4 3

2,968 15 8

1,560 6 4

2,9+8 17 10

1,659 12 8

for

- 1803

Militia in 1798

- in 1800

- - in 1801

For other Purposes.

£■ s. d. For Militia.

3>211 2 2l Spring Assizes 1796 £. s. d. £■ 6,033 s. 7 d.

Summer D° - 1796 - - 975 19 5i 2,609 9 +t

3,911 H 7f Spring D° - 1797 - - 636 6 2 1,076 2 3

Summer D° - 1797 - - 1,178 — 5 1,185 5 8*

3,000 6 6 Spring D° - 1798 - - 510 6 — 5,37+ —

Summer D° - 1798 - - 429 9 1 883 2 6

3,600 17 6 Spring D° - 1799 - - 285 16 — 4,+°+ 3 —

Summer D° - 1799 - - 270 — — 2,9+6 17

3>55 12 Spring D° - 1800 - - - - 00 1^. <0 2 i

Summer - 1800 - - - - +,250 11 3

3,980 7 10 Spring D° to 1801 - - 343 1 7 7,959 H 8

Summer D* - 1801 - - 343 1 7 6,801 18 3

4,415 18 5 Spring D° 1802 - - +00 — — 8,793 8 5$

Summer D° 1802 - - 899 — — 3.194 4 5k

4,5*9 4,608 2 10 6 Spring D° - 1803 - - - - 10,078 17 5k

3,646 14 1

38,410 5 9

- 300

• 400

IOO £•800

COUNTY OF LONGFORD,

.Av ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Jury of the County of Longford, for the lad Ten Years.

£■ 5. d.

Spring Allizes 1793 - - 2,188 2 ni

Summer Assizes * 1793 - - - 696 13 -i

Spring Assizes 179+ - - - 3,51+ 2 3

Summer Assizes - 179+ - - - 1,565 19 —

Spring Assize* 1795 - - - 2,704 3 1

Summer Assizes - 1795 - - - 2,475 13 10

Spring Assizes 1796 - * - 3,917 3 1 T

Summer Assizes - 1796 - - - 2,158 7 2

Spring Assizes 1797 - - - 2,512 8i

Summer Assizes - 1797 - - 2,083 19 If

Spring Assizes 1798 - - mi 3,283 2 6

Summer Assizes - 1798 - - - 1.326 10

Spring Assizes 1799 - - - 3,'7+ 7 10

Summer Assizes - 1799 - - - 1,637 5 4

Spring Assizes 1800 - - 3,524 10 d?

Sumxier Assizes - 1800 - - - 1,941 12 6

Spring Assize* 7 1801 - - - 3,159 11 11-3

Summer Assizes - 1801 - - - 2,213 — 4l

Spring Assizes 1802 - - - 5,095 8

Summer Assizes - 1802 - — - 2,933 5 . 1

SUMS raised for the Militia: 53^04 19 it

Summer Assizes - 1797 - - 360 11 9

Spring Assizes 1800 - - 340 — —

Summer Assizes - 1800 - - 70 — —

Spring Assizes 1801 - - 30 — —

Summer Allizes - 1801 - 60 — — 860 11

9

Sum Total - £■ 1 53,965 10 103

COUNTY OF MAYO.

A C C O U NT of Sums raised by the Grand County of Mayo, commencing Spring 1796, time of my Appointment.

\A true Return)

Tho* JVebjler,

Treasurer County of Longford.

Appendix

(No. 7.)

JuRTF.S of the ✓o /

which was the &-Decembrts,

continued.

(__________/

July 28th, 1803.

W. Orme,

Treasurer of Mayo.

County of monaghan.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by Grand Jury Pre-* fentments of the County of Monaghan, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Allizes; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from those levied for other Purpol’es.

Vol. 59.

Y>ar. Assizes. Sum levied for the Militia. Total Sum levied.

1793 Lent - £. s. d. £■ •. d. 2,583 15 8

Summer - - 2,046 — 8

1794 Lent - - 3,250 19 7

Summer - - 2,587 5 2

1795 Lent - 3,301 16 9J

Summer 4 - - - 2,250 7 1

1796 Lent - 2,475 4 8*

Summer - - 1,914 6 5

1797 Lent - - 2,331 13 —

Summer - 74* 15 9 3,858 9 5l.

1798 Lent - 507 6 6 3,+83 5 7i

Summer - 255 I8 9 3.676 11 3t

1799 Lent - 102 7 6 4,204 — oJ

Summer - 122 17 — 4,155 2 9k

1800 Lent - - 4,199 11 10}

Summer - - 2,710 7 7

1801 Lent - 406 1 9 4,968 — 5}

Summer - - 4, H3 4 ioi

1802 Lent - 119 8 5 5,072 6 —

Summer - - 4,652 11 i£

1803 Lent - - 5,220 12 3

Summer - 1,285 7 6 4,135 12 6

July 1803.

J, Half Av. Mile hell,

Treasurer Co. of Monaghan,

61

490

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

6° Decembr,

tontinued.

COUNTY OF MEAT H.

An ACCOUNTof the several Sums of Money granted by the several Grand Juries of the Counly of Meath, for the last Te» Years j distinguishing each Year, and each Assizes; and disttnguishing the Sums raised for the Militia.

Lent Assizes, 1793, granted on the County -Summer Assizes, fame year -

Lent, ......

Summer, fame year -

Lent, 1795 ...... ’

Summer, fame year -

Lent, 1796 -

Summer, fame year -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men’s Wives and Children

Lent, 1797* on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Summer 1797, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Lent, 1798, on the County ——

Same Assizes, for the Wives and Children of the Militia Men -Same Assizes, for providing Militia Men -Summer, 1798, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children Same Assizes, for providing Militia Men -

Lent, 1799, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Summer, 1799, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Same Assizes, for providing Militia Men

Lent, 1800, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Same Assizes, for providing Militia Men

Summer, 1800, on the County ——

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Lent, 1801, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Summer, 1801, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children

Lent, 1802, on the County -

Same Assizes, for the Militia Men's Wives and Children Summer, 180a, on the County -

£• *• d.

7,859 14 104

2,085 13 2|

8,843 10 34

2,202 4 3

9,607 2 3

5,599 3 6J

»o,399 3 —4

3,635 3 34

370 2 6

8,231 1 ft

252 11 —

4,i°4 18 9

228 6 11J

10,068 2 114

366 1 —

760

3,253 * 7l

366 1 —

*• 290

- 9,299 19 —

- 366 1 —

5,oo8 7 3

366 1 *—

- 1,180 — —

13,662 2 8J

- 366 1 —

475

6,854 1 io|

- 366 1 —

- 18,453 2 —4

- 150

11,124 7 4

- 15 0

18,859 19 44

- IOO

6,557 19 i|

JunT,

'reafurer County of Meath,

QUEEN'S COUNTY.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Juries of the Queen's Countt, for the lait Seven Years, being from the present Treasurer*sCommencement; distinguishing each Year, and each Assize; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia from thos* levied for other Purposes.

Summer Assizes 1796 Lent Assizes - 1797

Militia Men’s Families

Summer Assizes 1797 Lent Assizes - 1798

Militia Men's Families Kailing Militia Men

Summer Assizes 1798

Militia Men’s Families

Lent Assizes 1799 -

Militia Men's Families

Summer Assizes 1799

Raising Militia Men

£.2,617 18 3 800-----

£• 5,001 1 4J

300-----

- 7°-----

£.1,400 11 8

222-----

£•5,713 4 9

- 32 11 10

£.2,076 4 9$ 263 15 10

Sums Raised.

£. t. d.

i,4H 7 iJ 3,4i7 I8 3

1,656 1 6

5>37* 1 4i

2,622 12 8 5,745 16 7 2,340 — 7i

Lent Assizes 1800 - -

Raising Militia Men Militia Men’s Families

Summer Assizes 1800 Railing Militia Men Militia Meu’s Families

Lent Assizes 1801 -Raising Militia Men Militia Men’s Families

Summer Assizes 1801

Militia Men’s Families

Lent Assizes 1802 -

Militia Men’s Families

Summer Assizes 1802 -

Lent Assizes 1803 -

Railing Militia Men

- £.6,120 7 5i

>76 5 11

- 102-----

£.2,484 IQ 7

475 -

28 16 —

-£•7,726 — 1 542 9 10

- 61 4 —

- £• 2,762 3 2

19 13 9

-£•5,841 7 6* 57 12 —

Sums Raised.

£• d.

6,398 13 4$

2,988 15 7

| 8,329 13

2,781 16 n

11

-£•5,511 16 3

164 18 9

| 5,898 19 6J 2,163 — 3i

I 5,676 15 —

Straboe, June 24th, 1803.

John Kentmis,

Treasurer of the Queen’s County*

44* Guo. III.

Appendix.

491

COUNTY OF ROSCOMMON.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums presented by the Grand Juries of the County of Roscommon, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Assizes; and distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia, from those levied for other Purposes, from Summer Assizes 1793 to Spring 1803, both inclusive.

Appendix,

(No/;.)

6° Decembr

continued.

a8th June 1803.

For Militia. For other Purposes. Total of both.

Summer Assizes - ,793 £■ s. d. £ 1,688 s. 17 d. £■ 1,688 d. 17 —

Spring - - - - ‘794 - - - - 3,908 9 3 3,908 9 3

Summer - - - - ‘794 - 1,432 — 2j ‘,432 - ^4

Spring - 2,»54 H 5 2,054 H 5

Summer - - - - ‘795 - 136 3 — 3,568 12 10* 3,704 15 10J

Spring - - - - >796 - - - - 564 6 — 3,844 5 10 4,408 11 10

Summer - - - - 1796 - 659 3 — 1,604 6 3i 2,263 9 3’

Spring - - - - ‘797 - 1,098 8 — 5,230 l 8 6,328 9 8

Summer - - - ‘797 - 780 ‘»7‘4 9 10 2,494 9

Spring - - - - 1798 - 250 3,084 7 5 3,334 7 5

Summer - - - - 1798 - ' 410 1,017 9 8 1,427 9 8

Spring - - - - ‘799 - 500 4,168 6 2 4,668 6 2

Summer - 2,274 1 7 2,274 1 7

Spring - - - - 1800 - ' 100 6,237 17 4 6,337 »7 4

Summer - - - - 1800 - 250 1,857 9 64 2,107 9 64

Spring - - - - 1801 - - - - - 150 5,204 9 11 5,354 9 n

Summer - - - - 1801 - 150 2,104 1 4 2,254 1 4

Spring - - - - 1802 - 150 7,°30 7 3 7,180 7 3

Summer - 1,831 10 H ' 1,831 10 84

Spring - 7,856 5 7,856 5 —

£■ 5,198 — 67,712 3 3 72,910 3 3

Rob* Guff, Treasurer Co. Roscommon.

COUNTY OF SLIGO.

RETURN of the Amount of all Sums presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Sligo, for Ten Years last part, exdufiv*

of last Summer Assizes.

This Sum remains in Treasurer’s hands

Summer 1793 and Lent 1794 ——

Summer 1794 and Lent 1796 -

Summer 1795 and Lent 1796 ——

Summer 1796 and Lent 1797 -

Summer 1797 and Lent 1798 -

N. B. Presented, Spring 1798, for Militia Purposes.

Summer 1798 and Spring 1799 ----- ......

N.B. Presented, Spring 1799, for Militia Purposes. This Sum was received by Col. King -Summer 1.799 and Lent 1800 ——

Summer i8#o and Lent 1801 ——

N. B. Presented at Lent 1801, for Militia Purposes. This Sum received by Col. King -

Summer 1801 and Lent 1802 ——

Summer 1802 and Lent 1803 ——

N.B. Returns had been transmitted prior to Lent 1803, which were laid before the Grand Jury by the Judge: but, by omission, no Presentments were made of the Amount thereof to reimburse Government.

But at Summer Assizes, 1803, Three different Presentments were made by the Grand Jury in consequence of Three Returns which the Treasurer received subsequent to Spring Assizes 1803, and prior to Summer 1803; namely, One Presentment for Sixty-seven Men enrolled in the Sligo Regiment of Militia, from 26th March to 31ft March

1803 - -- -- - ...... - 152 8

One other Presentment for Forty-five Men enrolled from the lft to the 7th of April 1803 - 102 7

One other Presentment for 42 Men enrolled from the 11th to the 24th March 1803 - - 47 15

3,445 7 2,869 4,006 3>54° 4*436 5*4 4*466 225 5,130

6,313 365 5,859

7,202

d.

3

3

4

9

6

6*

5 9

6

5 i

Total Amount of Militia

£•803 n 6

Money presented at Summer 1803.

This Sum is not yet levied, but will be forthwith levied and paid in with the other Sums due to Government by the County of Sligo, when the omission is corrected, as stated above.

Jones Irwin,

Treasurer for Sligb Co.

COUNTY OF TYRONE.

An ACCOUNT of Sums raised by the Grand Jury of the County of Tyrone, off the said County.

Lent Assizes - - - 1793

Summer Assizes - * 1793

Lent - - D° - - - 1794.

Summer D° - - - 1794

Lent - - D° - - - 1795

Summer D° - - - 1795

Militia Families

Lent Assizes - - - 1796

Militia Families

Summer D* " - - 1796 Militia Families

Carried forward

5. d.

5,079 n 8$ 1,400 4 —

6,048 10 6

805 16 2

5*939 — 6i

1,181 4 8

5,5

6,4*3 1*

5,9/6 6

5,70a —

d.

9i

2

5

5

5,815 12 11 6,479 15 8£ 6,854 6 * 7,iao 5 2I

49,*77 »9 3i

492

Appendix.

A. 180&

Appendix,

(No. 7 )

6* Decembris>

continued.

County of Tyrone—continued.

Lent Assizes - - - 1797

Militia Families

Summer D° - - - 1797

Militia Families

Brought forward

Receiver General, paid him Bounty for Men re-enlisted in the Tyrone Militia Lent Assizes - - - 1 798 - " * " " " " "

Militia Families -

Summer -Lent - -

- - 1798 -

Militia Families

- - 1799. . * Militic Families

Paid Pay mailer of Tyrone Regiment, for re-inlisting Men in place of Men discharged

Summer - - - - 1799 ......

Militia Families -

Lent

- - 1800

Militia Families

£■ S. d.

5,fi03 2 —

8 id 19 9

7,002 1 6

718-----

6,92614 4 100 3 —

6,014 — 5 100 18 —

7>875 18 4 75 6 5

6,472 3 5 <3 3

6,684 14 <i\

63 —

Summer - - - - 1800

Lent -----1801 ......

Summer - - - - 1801 -

Paid Paymaster Tyrone Regiment, Bounty, &c. -

Lent ----- 1802 ......

Summer - - - - 1802 -

Militia Families ——

Lent ----- 1803 -

Paid Paymaster Tyrone Militia in the year 1796* Bounty, &c.

£■ s. d.

49)^77 !9 3-1

6,510 i ol

7,720 1 6

601. I4 9

7,026 17 4 7,014 18 5

7*951 4 9 832 12 —

6,478 6 5

6,690 17 2J 6,928 14 6

7,845 10 u£ 7,639 19 n

750 -

6>934 7\

8,001 i 4^ 13 11 6

6,990 n — i

300 —-

146,115 1 4i

Geo. Sinclair,

Treasurer County Tyrone.

COUNTY OF TIPPERARY.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Juries of the County of Tipperary, for Ten Years;—Viz.

1793 - - Summer Assizes

1794 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Allizes

1795 - Spring Assizes

, Summer Assizes

1796 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1797 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1798 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1799 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1800 - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1801 - - Spring Assizes

Summer AlTizes

1802 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Assizes

1803 - Spring Assizes

1797 - - Summer Assizes

1798 - - Spring Assizes

Summer Allizes

1799 * * Summer Assizes

1800 - - Spring Assizes

1801 - - Spring Assizes

1802 - - Spring Assizes

Amount of Sums levied by Presentment -

SUMS levied for Militia of the said County at the aforesaid AlTizes; viz.

Amount, Sum laid in for Militia -

Amount of Money presented, besides the above, to reiniburle Government the Money advanced to raise the Militia, which leaves the County of lipperary not indebted in any Sum for or on account of Militia in auy manner whatsoever -

£. s. d.

14,470 — 4

4,838 13 li

14,905 4 i£ 5,-39 9

10,150 14 1

4,752 ii 6

3,6h 4 7 4,671 14 5 0

10,866 6 7

4,406 1 4

13,067 — 4 5,639 10 9

20,743 10 4

4^359 4 2

18,356 3 4 5,773 17 11

20,273 2 7

6,841 7 6

1,465-----

1,049 14 6

1,455 -

805-----

630-----

495-----

800 — .—

1,749 -

£. s. d. 3,866 12 9$

i9,3o3 H 3 20,204 14 — 20,903 5 7

8,282 19 —J 15,272 7 11 18,706 11 1

25,102 14 6 24,130 1 3

27,114 10 1

19,253 3 11

202,145 14 5

8,448 14 6

210,304 8 11

Sami Lane,

Treasurer of the County of Tipperary.

Appendix

493

44 Geo. III.

COUNTY OF WICKLOW.

Appendix,

________ (No. 7*)

THE following, SUMS have been presented by the Grand Jury of the Ibid County, for the laftTen Years, for County and continued

Barony Purposes. U.

Lent Assizes - - 1793

Summer Assizes - 1793

Lent Assizes - - 1794

Summer Assizes - 1794

Lent Assizes - - 1795

Summer Assizes - 1795

Lent Assizes - - 1796

Summer Assizes - 1796

Lent Assizes - - 1797

Summer Assizes - 1797

Lent Assizes - - 1798

No Summer Assizes 1798 No Lent Assizes - 1799

Summer Assizes - 1799

Lent Assizes - - l8o®

Summer Assizes - 1800

Lent Assizes - - 1801

Summer Assizes - 1801

Lent Assizes - - 180*

Summer Assizes - 1801

Lent Assizes - - 1803

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by tHc Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums prefen ted by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Juiy at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Juiy at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Juiy at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

On account of the Rebellion.

On account of the Rebellion.

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes ——

, r

To Amount of the several Sums presented bj the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes - -

£■ 1. d.

4,170 14 10

938 4 9i

3,607 13 »i

1,268 15 11

3,24* *3 2i

1,007 11 4

4.311 *8 4f

1,315 13 81

2,799 a 1°}

1,449 11 if

2.585 IS 72 *.439 *9

4.550 16 3

1,302 *3

3,83* 5

1,161 8 3$

To Amount of the several Sums presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes -

Total Amount - - £.

£. t. d.

5,108 19 7$

4,876 9 i£

4,250 4 6$

5,627 7 1

4,1141 14 —

• 4,779 18 u

a,68* 1* 1

4,025 12 8f

5,853 1® if

4,992 13 4§

46439 1 6|

5,9*2 8 7J

52,351 10 a£

The following SUMS have been presented by the Grand Jury of the said County, for Militia Purposes.

Summer Assizes * 1795 . To Amount presented by the Grand Juiy at (bid Assizes - £• *• d. 27 12 — £ '•

Summer Assizes - 1796 - To Amount presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes - 128 11 —

Lent Assizes - 1797 - To Amount presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes - 131 3 —

Summer Assizes - 1797 - To Amount presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes - 10 16 —

Lent Assizes - 1800 - To Amount presented by the Grand jury at said Assizes - 590

Summer Assizes - 1801 - To Amount presented by the Grand Jury at said Assizes - 400

Total Amount presented for the Wicklow Militia Purposes - £. 1,288 2 —

Given under my hand, this 22d day of June 1803.

Ahra. Chritchly, Treasurer.

W S9-

494

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendir,

(No. 7.)

6° Decembris,

continued.

COUNTY OF WESTMEATH.

for the last Ten Years, for the different Purposes

Do humbly certify, That there has been raised by the Graxd Jvrifs of hud County, f< J J> of the County, the following Sums\ iz.

1793

>794

>795

1796

>797

1798

>7 99

1800

1801

1802

For Lent Assizes - 1793 -

For Summer Assizes 1703 -Total raised for 1793

For Lent Assizes - i/94

For Summer Affixes 1794 -

For Lent Assizes - 1705 -

For Summer Allizes 1795 -Total raised for 1795

For Lent Assizes - 1796-

For Summer Assizes 1796 * Total raised for 1796

For Lent Assizes - 1797 -

for Summer Assizes 1797 -Total raised for 1797

For Lent Assizes - 1798 -

For Summer Assizes 1798 -Total raised for 1798

For Lent Assizes - 1799 -

For Summer Assizes 1709 -Total raised for 1799

For Lent Assizes - 1800 -

For bummer Assizes 1800 -Total raised for 1800

For Lent Assizes - 1801 -

For Summer Assizes 1801 -Total raised for 1801

For Lent Assizes - 1801 -

For Summer Assizes 1802 -Total raised for 1802

£■ s. d.

3,805 19 32

1,071 14 44

4>°45 15 — 1 u.

1,284 l8 —3

3>4*7 19 9

2,444 8 2

5,393 9 2f

2,239 9 ll|

4,889 2

3,426 12 11

4,*45 19 7

2/116 0 54

4,437 5 4*

2,62-2 10 6

5,843 15 n£

2,740 10 8

-6,261 4 7

2,782 19 9

6,844 7 2

3,200 10 4

Sum Total raised by Grand Juries, for the 1 different Purposes of the County of > Westmeath, for Ten Years pail - -J

4»937 *3 8

5,330 13

5,862 7 11

7,632 19 2

8,315 13 1

7,062 2 —£

7,059 15 10J

8,584 6 7

9,044 4 4

10,044 17 6

£-73,874 13 3l

For the M I L1 TI A, as follows:

Under the Augmentation Act of 1795, there has been raised of the several Baronies in laid County, by Warrant of the Justices of the Peace, presiding at a Special Sessions of the Peace, held at Mullingar the 16th April 1795, pursuant to the said Act, and paid to the Stock Purse of the Wefttaeath Regiment of Militia, the sum of ——

Lent Assizes 1800 - To the Earl of Weflmealh, Colonel of the Westmeath Militia, to recruit 85 Men - <-

Lent Assizes 1801 - To the Earl of Westmeath, to recruit 87 Men, at £. 5 per Man -

Total levied for raising the Westmeath Militia £.

For the F A MI LIE S of Militia Men, as follows:

Lent Assizes 1796, to reimburse the Trea- £. s. d. surer, lo much by him paid to Families of Militia Men, from the 12th April 1795 to lft March 1796, and to pay feline to the lft July following -Summer 1796, to pay lame, to lft February 1797 -

Lent Assizes 1797, to pay fame, from lft February 1797 to ill July following -Summer Assizes 1797, to pay iame, from lit July 1797, and to enable Treasurer to pay fame till next Assizes Lent Assizes 1798, to reimburse Treasurer so much he paid lince December 1797, and for their fu.ihor -Maintenance Lent Assizes 1799, to pay Families of Militia Men -Lent Assizes 1800, to pay fame -Summer Allizes 1800, to pay fame Lent Assizes 1801, to pay Line -Lent Assizes 180*2, to pay fame

Total levied and paid to Families 1 of the Militia - - - j

Total for the Westmeath Militia

Ditto for the different Purposes of the County

Total levied of the County of Westmeath, 1 for the last Ten Years, which 1 humbly > certify this 22d day of June 1803 - - )

519 17

355 287

4 —

16 —

399 4

752 8 —

406 16 —

180-----

50-----

255 10 —

44 16 —

d.

671 18 425 — 435 —

5}

>»53> >8 5l

3.25> >1 8f

4.783 10 2

73,874 >3 3l

£•78,658 3 5|

Gart Tyrrell,

Treasurer for said County.

COUNTY OF WEXFORD.

A RETURN of the several Presentments granted at the respective Assizes held for the County of Wkxpord, for Ten Years last past;

distinguishing how much thereof was for the Militia of the said County.

- Total presented. For Militia.

Spring Assizes £• >• if. £•

- - >793 * m m 6,012 1 4$

Summer - 1793 m m <m m 534 7 6

Spring - - m m m m m 5,671 19 10J

Summer - - m m m m m 968 16 9

Spring - - m m m m 5,339 6 —

Summer - - - >795 m m >,239 > 3

Spring - - m 5,364 — 3I

Summer - - m m m 890 15 9

Spring - -Summer - - * - * >797 m m m m m m >,870 5 5i 1,181 16 1 27 8 —

Spring . -Summer - m m m m m m m 5,053 3 There was no Affi 478 10 9 zes on account of

Spring - -Summer - m m m m m m m 4,577 7 876 10 3 the Rebellion.

Spring - -Summer - 1800 m m m m m m m m m 6,420 8 — *,057 4 7 1,022 2 — , 98 19 —

Spring - . Summer - - m m m m m m m m m 6,892 14 nf 5,000 18 7f 251 14 — 502 8 —

Spring . Summer - - m m m m m m m m m m >2,353 >9 >6 1,920 15 1 303 18 —

Spring - - * m m ■m 11,675 17 >

Will* Harvey,

Treasurer County of Wexford.

Appendix

4*4 Geo. III.

495

COUNTY OF WATERFORD.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums raised by the Grand Jurt of the County of Waterford, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Assize, and each Year; and also distinguishing the Sums levied for the Militia.

£. S. d.

1793 - - Summer Assizes

1794 . Spring Assizes 2,929 18 4i]

Summer Assizes - - - 2,488 1 10 j

1795 Spring Assizes 2,480 1 3 }

Summer Assizes - - - 1,659 —

1796 Spring Assizes 3,302 4 5i]

Summer Assizes - / - 2,410 4 6 j

*797 . Spring Assizes _ 1,788 16 7 n

Summer Assizes - - - 1,667 15 loj]

1798 m Spring Assizes . 3,838 13 3 7

Militia - - - 460 13 9

Summer - - - 2,586 2

*799 Spring Assizes . _ . 3,! 56 9 —I)

Summer Assizes - - 3,314 7 6 c

'Militia - - - 264 H)

1800 Spring Assizes - 4.939 9 8}

Militia - - - 280 — - (

Summer Assizes - - 4.897 1 6J(

Militia - - - 245 H ~ J

1801 . Spring Assizes . 5,048 10 ion

Militia - - 75 — - [■

Summer - - - 5,778 6 4 )

1802 Spring Assizes 6,3H 2 sii

Summer Assizes - 6/220 10 6 1

1803 - Spring Assizes

5,418 — <1$ 4.139 1 8f 5.71* 8 Hi 3,456 12 6J

6,885 9 — * 6,734 17 3 10,362 5 2f

ll,8oi 17 2|

12,534 12 115

6,798 14 9i

Appendix*

(No. 7.)

6° Decetnb)


continued.

Waterford, \ Sam1 Roberts,

a lft June 1803* 3 Treasurer.

CITY OF WATERFORD-

Air ACCOUNT of the Sums granted by the Grand Juries of the County of the City of WaterEord, for the last Ten Years.

£■ '• d. MILITIA.

Summer - - 1793 - m 429 6 ioJ

Spring - 1794 - to m 520 18 2}

Summer - - 1794 - m 434 4 3

Spring - - 1795 - m m m 593 15 — ’

Summer - D° - m m 329 15 4

Spring - - 1796 - m m m 627 9 7i

Summer - - D° - * m m 312 2 1

Spring - - 1797 - m m m 609 5 4§ £

Summer - - D° - m* m m 285 — si Family Tax - 3 16 —

Spring - 1798 - m 529 8 10J D° - - 6 4 —

Summer - - D° - m m * 445 17 5 D* - 5 12 —V

Spring - - 1799 - m m m 605 14 11 D® - 4 12 —

Summer - - D° - m m m 32214 4 D* - 3 8 —

Spring - - 1800 - m m m 777 19 *J D* - 7 4 —

Summer - D° - m m + 449 3 4i CD* - - - 3 8 —

7 and for Bounties - 122 17 —

Spring - - 1801 - m 718 15 7 Family Tax- - 6 12

Summer - - D° - m m m 608 13 9} D* - - 3 8 —

Spring m - 180a - m m m 1,023 14 10 D* - - 7 4 —

Summer - - - 180a - m m m 876 — 1 D° - - - 1 — —

Spring - - - 1803 - m m m 423 1 81

Waterford, 7 Tho* Backasf

Sift June 1803* j Treasurer, City of Waterford.

496 Appendix. . A. 1803—4.

—=----- = = = —r—:-----= =r^ —rjr—'-----x-:-- ~ '■ " r M*

R ETC 11 N S to an Order of the House of the ad day of February lafir " That the Treasurers of the several Counties and Counties of *" Cities in Ireland, do return to this House, a Statement whether any and what Sums of Money have been levied by Grand Jury 4i Assessment, and paid over to any or what 1 Ioufes of Jnduliry in then* respective Counties, in the years lSoi, 1802, and 1803, lor u the Maintenance and Support of the Poor therein."

Appendix,

(No. 7.)

continued.

17° A prills.

County of Antrim.—A RETURN of Monies levied by Grand Jury Assessment, and paid over to any and what Ilottfes of Industry, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein.

No sums whatsoever levied within this County for the above purpose, during the years 1801, 1802, or 1803.

Certified jilt March 1804, by me

Ja. Stuart, Treasurer, Co. Antrim.

County* of Armagh.—TJI E Grand Jury of this County have not presented any sum or sums of Money, either in the years 1801, 1802, or 1803, for a House of Industry.

Feb. 11th 1804. William Irwin,

Treasurer.

County of Donegal.—An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money levied by the Grand Jury of said County, and paid over to llotifes of Industry in said County, in the years 1S01, 1802, and 1803.

-----Nil.---

Certified by James Quin,

For the Treasurer of the County Donegal.

County of Down.—NO Money has been presented or levied by any Grand Jury Presentment, for the use of any House of Industry in this County, for the years 1801, 180*2, or 1803, or for the Maintenance of the Poor therein.

' John Brett,

Treasurer of Down Co.

25* Aprilis.

17* Apr.

County of Carlow.—THERE have not been any sum or Turns of Money levied in the County of Carlow, lor the maintenance and support of the Poor in any House or Houses of Industry in said County, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803; as no such Institution existed therein, then or since.

Carlow, 7 Joftph Beare,

February 12 th 1804. 3 Treasurer of the County of Carlow.

County of Cavan.—We never had a Ploufe of Industry in this County, and no Money ever presented for one.

Ballvhaife, Cavan, } Ralph Harman,

12 th Feb. 1S04. 3 Treasr of the County of Cavan,

County of Clare.—A STATEMENT of the Sums of Money levied by Grand Jury Assessment, in the County of Clare, for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor in the House of Industry of Ennis, in said County, for the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Spring Assizes - - 1801 Summer Assizes - 1801 Spring Assizes - - 1802 Spring Assizes - - 1803

- £. 200 -

• IOO ——

200 -

200 -

Total - - £-7°°-----

Ennis,

April 11th 1804*

Giles Dawson,

Treasurer, County Clare.

County of Cork.—A STATEMENT of the several Preferments made by the Grand. Juries of the County of Cork, from Spring Assizes 1801 to Summer Assizes 1803 inclusive, for the use of the House of Industry in said County.

1801 - - Spring Assizes - - £-*°°

Summer - - 250

1802 - - Spring 250

Summer - - ‘200

1803 - - Spring - 400

Summer - - 200

Cork, J.W.De LeCour,

February 1804.) Treasurer.

T

City of Cork.—A STATEMENT of the several sums of Money levied by Grand Jury Assessment, and paid over to the Governors of the House of Industry of the City of Cork, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein.

>801 - - Spring Assizes Summer Assizes - - £■ 300 - 100 400

a 802 - - Spring Assizes Summer Assizes - 300 - 100 400

2803 Spring Assizes *• Summer Assizes - I 1 1 I 0 0 0 0 CO -• 400 1,200

♦JVbruary 13th 1804, Wm Phillips,

Tr«asr of the County of the City of Cork.

County of Drogiieda.—T HERE has not been any Money raised off this County for the use of the Poor, in the years iSoif 1802, or 1803.

March 30th 1804. Harry Brabazon, Junr.

County of Dublin.—T II ERE has not been any sum of Money levied by Grand Jury Assessmenls, for any Houses of Industry in this County, for the years 1801, 1802, or 1803, for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor.

There has been a sum of £. 50 levied by Grand Jury Assessment at Easterand Michaelmas Terms in every Year, and paid to the Treasurer of the County of Dublin Infirmary, towards the support of that Institution.

Great Georges-street North, 7 Henry Baker,

February 11th 1804. 3 Treasurer Co. Dublin.

City of Dublin.—O N carefully examining the Preferments, T do not find that any Sums have been presented from the Y’eur 1801 to the Year 1802 and 1803, for the Support of the House of Industry of the City of Dublin.

Dublin, 7 John Rose Baker,

9th March 1804. 3 Treasurer of Public Money of City of Dublin,

County of Fermanagh.—THERE never has been any Money presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Feimanagh, for the Support of any House of Industry, or for any other charitably purpose, save the Sum of £, 100. o. o. for the use of the County Infirmary, which has been always paid over to the Surgeon who attends it.

Jufon llajjard,

February 14th 1804, Treasurer County Fermanagh.

County of Galwat.—THER E is no House of Industry in the County of Galway, nor has there been any Money levied for that purpose for three years past.

22d February 1804. Michal Daly, Treasurer.

County of Kerry.—THERE are no Public Houses of Industry in this County, consequently no Money has been granted by the Grand Juries of it for that purpose.

Annadale, 7 Blenr HaJJct,

16th Feb. 1804.3 Treasurer Co. Kerry.

County of Kildare.—N O Presentment was made for the lull *0 years for any establishment of House of Industry.

Tho* Ja1 Rawson,

Atliy, Feb. 12th, 1804. Treasurer Co. Kildare.

County of Kilkenny,—A RETURN made by John Prim, Treasurer of this County. In the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, there was presented in each year the sum of One Hundred Pounds to tho Infirmary of said County, which films have been paid regularly to the Treasurer of said Infirmary, which is the only Money levied in tlut way.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

407

City of Kilkenny.—NO sum or sums of Money have been levied by Grand Jury Assessment, or pajd over to any House ot Industry in said County, in the years 1801, 1802, or 1803, for the maintenance or support of the Poor therein.

14th February 1804. Oliver Leonard, Treasurer.

County of Mayo.—N O Money has been levied by Grand Jury Alledment in this County, In the years 1801, 180:, and 1803, lor the maintenance of the Poor thereof.

February 17U1 1804^ W. Orme, Treasr of Mayo.

A\yper.d'.X, (No. 7.) 17" Apr

continued.

King's County.—THERE has not been any Money levied by Grand Jury Adell'ment off the King’s County, for the use of any House or Houses of Industry, in the years 1804, 180*2, and 1803,’nor at any former period, there being no inffitution ot that kind in the County.

\V. B. Anvil rung,

171I1 February 1804. Treasr King's Co.

County of Meatii.—T HERE has not been any Sum of Money levied by Grand Jury Assessment for Houses of Industry, in the veaisf 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Henry Coddington, jun.

February 16th 1804. Treasurer County of Meath.

County of Leitrim.—TH ERE has not, in the years 1801, l8o*i, and 1803, been any Presentment in this County for an House of Induffry, or any other charitable purpose.

Friarstown, 7 John Johnflone,

February 16th, 1864. 3 Treasurer Co. Leitrim.

County of Monagii an.—T H ERE were not any sum or sums of Money levied by Grand Jury Ash-ffment on the County of Monaghan, or paid over to any House of Industry, in the years 1801, 180*2, and 1803, or any of them, lor the maintenance or support of the Poor therein.

Play. Ozo. Mitchell,

February 14th 1804. Treasurer of the County of Monaghan.

County of Limerick.—PRESENTMENTS made by the Grand Jury, towards supporting the House of Induffry for said County, for the years 1801, 180*2, and 1803; viz.

Spring AlTizes 1801 Ditto - - ditto

Spring Assizes 1802 Spring Allizes 1803

Total

- £■ 400 -

IOO-----

- 4OO-----

- 4OO-----

- £. 1,300-----

The above levied on the County of Limerick, and paid to the Treasurer of the Poor House.

J. Gabbett,

Treasurer Co. Limerick.

City of Ltmerick.—S U M S of Money paid by the Treasurer of the County of the City of Limerick, being assessed on said City, towards the support of the House of Induffry, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

1801. March 23. Paid Andrew Watson, Treasurer,

per Receipt - - - £.300 —-----

1802. March 27. Paid as above - - 200-----

1803. Feb* 28. Paid as above 200-----

£• 7°°-----

Limerick, 7 Thom* Wtjlropj1,

Feb. 15th, 1804.3 Treasurer City Limerick.

City and County of Londonderry.—A STATEMENT of the several Sums ot Money presented by the Grand Jury, and levied oft the City and County of Londonderry, for the support and maintenance of the Poor within the Infirmary of said City and County, for the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

1801. At Lent Affixes

Summer Allizes -

1802. At Lent Assizes

Summer Allizes -

1803. At Lent Assizes

Summer Assizes -

- £.24-----

- 13*2-----

18-----

116-----

30-----

126-----

£■ s. d. 156-----

134-----

156 — —

Total for Three Years

440 —

Arehd Boyd,

Londonderry. Treasurer City 6c County of L.Derry.

County of Longford.—THERE has not been any Money levied by Grand Jury Assessment in this County for the support of Houses of Industry for the maintenance of the Poor, as no such iloufe has ever been established in said County.

15th Feb. 1804. Thu* If ebsler, Treasurer.

County of Louth.—THERE was not any Money levied by Grand Jury AlTefftnent in this County, for any House of Industry, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Dundalk, 7 John Page,

16th beb. 1804. J Treasurer Co. of Louth.

VOL. 59.

Queen's County.—T H E R E has not been any Sum levied or raised for any House of Induffry, in the years 1801, 1802, or 1803.

Maryborough, 7 John Kumnis,

14th February 1804. 3 Treasurer-

CounTy of Roscomm6n.—N O sums of Money have been levied by Grand Jury Assessment for support of any House of Induitiy in said County, there being no such inffitution therein.

The Grand Juries of said County have prclented annually, for above thirty years past, One Hundred Pounds for the support of the County Intirmary, pursuant to Act of Parliament.

12th February 1804. Robt Guff,\ Treasurer.

County of Sligo.—N O sum or sums of Money have been levied or assessed oft’ the said County for the years 1801, 1802, or 1803, for the maintenance or suppojt of any House of Industry in laid County. 5th April 1804. Jones Invin, Treasr Co. Sligo.

County of Tipperary.—An ACCOUNT of sums of Money levied and paid by Grand Jury Assessment, for Three Years, for support of the Infirmary of said County; viz.

Summer Assizes 1801 - Laid in on County at large, £. 200-----

Summer Assizes 1802 - Laid in on lame - - 200 — —-

Summer Assizes 1803 * Laid in on fame - * 2co-----

(>oo-----

* Ambrufe Lane, Treasurer.

County of Tyrone.—TH ERE has not been any Money presented by the Grand Jury of this County for the support of Houses of Industry, in the years 1801, 1802, or 1803.

Armagh, 7 Geo. Perry,

March 8th 1804. 3 Treasurer of Tyrone.

County of Waterford.—A STATEMENT of all such sums of Money as have been presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Waterford, and of such parts thereof as have been levied and paid over to the Governors of the House of Induffry in the City of Waterford, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein, for the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Presented at Spring Assizes 1801, and paid at Summer 1801, £. 400

- D° - Summer Assizes 1801, and paid Spring *•> 1802 - 100

- D® - Spring Assizes 1802, and paid at Summer 1802 - 250

- D® - Summer Assizes 1802, and paid at Spring 1S03 - 100

- D® - Spring Assizes 1803, and paid at Summer 1803 - 200

£■ >>0so

- D* - Summer Assizes 1803, not paid ... - n>o

Waterford, 1 Sami Roberts,

14th February 1804. J Treasurer.

6 L

498 Appendix. 1803-4.

Appendix, (No. 7.) 17" A pr

continued.

City or Waterford.—RETURN of the Sums of Money presented by the Grand Juries of laid City, for support of the House of Industry.

Spring Assizes - 1801

Summer - - - D°

Spring - - - 1802

Summer - - - ])°

Spiing - - 1803

Summer -

- £.100 —

- 100 — —

200-----

100-----

- 200-----

100-----

The £. 100 presented at Summer Assizes 1803 not yet collected; the former lums have been paid to the Treasurers of the House of Indultr,.

Waterford, 7 Tho* Back as,

February 10th, 1804

Treasurer.

County or Wfatmeath.—N O Money has been assigned by the Grand Jury of this County for any House of Indufiry, for the years 1801, 1802, and 1803.

Edwd Tcthcrfton,

Treasurer Co. W. Meath.

Mullongar, 7 March 7th 1804.3

County of Wexford.—T IIER E never was any Money a felled in this County, there being no house of indultry in the County.

Will Harvey,

15th February 1804. Treasurer Co. Wexford.

County of Wicklow.—THERE has not been any Money levied oil' the County of Wicklow within the years 1801, 1802, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein, as there is no house of Jndullry in laid County.

I beg leave to observe, there is an Infirmary in the Town of Wicklow; and there has been levied off laid Coun'y, by Grand Jury A11 ell-merit. One Hundred Pounds per annum, for the years 1801, 1S02, and 1803, for the maintenance and support of the Poor therein.

Given under my hand this 14th day of February 1804.

Abra. Chritchly, Treasurer

Appendix, (No. 8.)

6° Decembris.

An ACCOUNT of the manner in which the Sum of £.500,000, granted, in the la(l Session of the Ii'iih Parliament, to the Directors of INLAND NAVIGATION in Ireland, has been Dilposed of.

SUMS issued from the Treasury of Ireland, pursuant to the Act of the 40th of the King, intituled, 44 An Act for " granting to His Majesty the Sum of £. 500,000, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for other 44 Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the railing of the said Sum by Loan."

Anno

1800

September 16.

December 3. - - - 18.

1801:

January 8. February 5.

March 3. May 30. July 9.

1802:

January 21.

April 6. July 20. November 25.

1803:

January 27.

July 9.

iSot. Not. 10. 1X03. Oft. 11.

1333. Feb. $. - - Wat. 1 a.

PARLIAMENTARY GRANT

ISSUES from the TREASURY:

Ireland

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

m

in X s. d.

- 1,030 18

- 1,030 18 ei

10 8

- 297 15 8

- 1*675 18 —

• 3>87° 5 _ 1 / 2

- 3 9b 6 2

- 3»°9'2 15 8

- 3,000 — —

- 3>°°® — —

- 3,000 — —

- 3,000 — —

- 4*1*3 H n

- 10,000 — —

£ 3M41 3 1i

To Navigation Companies, by Certificate from the Directors of Inland Navigation to the Lord Lieutenant, as an Advance upon their Contracts entered into with the Board:

Royal Canal Company - - - .•

Certificate for £. 12,000.

Ditto - - - io,oco.

Barrow Navigation Company

Certificate for £. 20,000. — — Ditto - - - 2,203. 17.

Gross Sum issued

- 21,669 5 6£

- 22,890 12 1}

Balance of Grant -

- X 83,801

Deduct 3-per-Cenl. Stoppage in the Treasury, for Poundage

and Fells, applicable to the Public Service - - 2,471 17 2

Net Blue

- /■ 3

/i

£. «. d.

500,000-----

83,801 — 9?

- £. 416,108 19 2I

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

499

Account of the manner in which Money granted to the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland has been Disposed of— continued.

How the Sum of £.38,241. 3. lj.

Issued to the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland,

Has been Applied;

distinguishing each Head of Expenditure.

Establishment of the Board:

». d.

Directors Salaries, for Three!ears, 7,217 19 7 Officers under the Board, like period, 3,417 14 2 Engineers ditto - - like period, 2,789 16 3

Contingencies of the Board:

including Rent and Taxes of the House, with Incidents in Management -

Incidents to Engineers:

For their Travelling and other Expences, upon Service under the Boards Orders -

Law Expences -

Dublin Harbour:

For several Engineers Surveys of the Harbour, Bay, and its adjoining Coatts, taking Borings, Soundings, Levels, &c. &c. with Plans of the various Proposals for its Improvement -

Newry Navigation ——

Expended on the Works - - £. 5,073 9 9I

Salaries of Officers at Newry (in

Three Years) for conducting the

Business - - - -1,48770

6,560 17 6£

Tyrone Navigation, with the New Maghery Cut -% 4.35’ 10 4

Limerick Navigation:

From Limerick to the deep Water below Killaloe 2,860 13 1

Total Expenditure by the Board - £. 33»8o5 >5 10

Stoppage of 3 per Cent, in the Treasury for Pound-

age and Pells, on £.38,241. 3. 14. 1,104 14 7i

Balance in the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the

Directors of Inland Navigation - 3,330 12 8

£• 38,241 3 i;j

13,425 10

1,404 10 8

1,002 5 2

1,051 11 6J

3,148 17 6

Agreements made with Navigation Companies by the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, under the Act of 1800, and upon which any Issues have been made in part.

s.

Royal Canal Company - - (a) 95,866 7 10

Issued upon the Board's Certificates

to the Lord Lieutenant - - 22,669 5 6j

Barrojv Navigation - - - (b) 47,500-----

Issued upon the Board's Certificates

to the Lord Lieutenant - - 22,890 12 1 ]

Sums remaining to be issued, upon Agreements entered into by the Directors of Inland Navigation.

d.

73,’97 2 3i

24,609 7 10$

97,806 IO 2

Memorandum:

A Negociation is on foot, and in progress to conclusion, with the Grand Canal Company, for making and maintaining a Navigation upon the River Shannon, from Lough Derg to Lough Ree, upon a very low rate of Toll. The expence will amount to about £.40,000.

OBSERVATIONS.

This Navigation, by the Act of 1800, became vested in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation, besides the sum dated to have been expended by the Board. —£. 8,000, a saving upon their Tolls, and £. 3,964. 2 s. 9 d. since collected under this Board for Tolls, have alf6 been applied to the repairs and improvement of the Navigation from the Sea into Loughneagh.

This Navigation, by the Act of 1800, became vested in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation; the sum dated to have been expended by the Board is for the actual restoring of the Navigation, the Works having been in ruins, and the Navigation abandoned. The Maghery Cut, when perfeded, will open a pafi'age into Loughneagh from the Blackwater, avoiding the Bar of that River.

The Board, by Agreement entered into with the Limerick Navigation Company, have undertaken to execute the Works by their own Engineers, and to complete this Navigation, upon condition of a very material reduction of the Tolls; by Contract executed 24th of June 1803.

(a) This Grant is for a completion of the Canal from Dublin to the extremity of the Summit Level at or near Coolnahay, in the County of Wedmeath; and for the execution of their Works at Dublin, and adjoining the Liti'ey, and for a reduction of their Tolls upon the whole extent of that Navigation 5 by Contract executed 3d of November 1801.

(b) £■ 20,000 of this Grant is upon condition of a reduction of the Tolls of this Navigation, and the remainder is for tha completion of the Navigation from A thy in the Queen's County, to the deep Water below the Scarrs at St. Mullins; by Contract executed 8th of February 1^03.

Appendix,

(No. 8.)

6* Decembris,

continued.

H. Straton,

Accountant to tb« Directot* of Inland Navigation, -j

Appendix,

(No. 9.)

8* Decern br is.

500

Appendix.

A. 1803-4.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure

of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament..

Right honourable George Rose, for Expences at the Parliament Office, in the Session 1802-3 ......

J0I111 demolition, Llq. lor one year’s rent of a House, in lieu of the Apartments he reiigned at the House of Commons, due at Miolummer 1803 -

Bernard Cobbe, Elq. for additional allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, \ year to 10th

October 1803 I

Lord Wallingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers, in the Session 180*2-3.

To the Magistrates of the Thames Police Olhce, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London -William Milford, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant General Vyfe, for the Repairs of Port Patrick -Thomas Brodie, Elq. as an Allowance on account of his Trouble in making an Index to the Journals of the House of Lords

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, > the 8th day of December 1803. j N. Vanjitiavt•

£ t. d.

433 19 3h

219 6 —

5-3°o 9

2,701 9

649 2 —

248 11 6

439 18 —

9.992 15

An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become <h*ei

the course of the year 1804.

Twenty-eight Thousand Pounds.

Downing-street, 7 8th December 1803. j

John Sullivan:

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing

Convicts at Home, for the year 1804.

On the River Thames -In Langlton and Portsmouth Harbours

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 8th December 1803. y

C A

12,008 15 —

23.83S H —

Forty thousand Eight hundred and forty-Teven^Pounds Nine Sfiillings.

N. Vanfitlart.

£., 40,847 9 —

i— -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, TouLONBts^ Corsican and Dutch Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the year 1804.

Whitehall , Treasury Chambers, 7 8th December 1S03. y

One hundred and forty-nine thousand One hundred and twenty-one Pounds.

N. Vansittart.

Appendix,

(No. 10.)

90 Decembris.

\__________

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrefies of the House of

Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

execution

Mr. Charles Rofn, Statuary, in full Payment for erecting a Monument in St. Paul’s Cathedral, to the memory ol Captain Faulkner -

Jeremiah Dylon, Llq. Clerk Affifrnnt of the House of Commons, to make up his Allowance equal to the Sum of £.2,000.

for his Services in S*Dion 1802-3 - - ~ -

Henry Alexander, Elq. for his Services as Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, in Session 1802-3 John Topham, Esq. as a Reward to the Persons employed under the Coninnllioners appointed to carry into ex the Mealiires recnniinended by the House of Commons, reipeeling the Public Records of the Kingdom -Samuel Dunn, Llq. as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from the year 1790 to the year 1 800 ——

Arthur Renton, Esq. for making an Index to the Votes of the House ot Commons, for Session 1802-3 -

John CVmenlfnii, Elq. to make up his Allowance equal to £. 500. for his Attendance as Deputy Serjeant at Arms, in the Selkon 1802-3 - - - ✓ ——

Thomas F.dlvne Tomlins, Esq. as a Compensation for his Trouble in compiling Registers for the uie of the Committee on Expired and Expiring Laws, in the Session 1802-3 ——

Henry Gunnell. Elq. lor Compenfulions to sundry Officers of the House ot Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees in the Session 180*2-3 -

Exchequer, 7

the 9th day ol December 1803. y

£ s. <L

O 00 H —

8.-,i 2 8

1,3'Ji 9 —

978 7 —

1,000 — —.

350 — —

332 4 —

150 — —

79 5 —

C.523 1 8

James Fishcr.

44 Geo. III. Appendix; ' 501

ABSTRACT of the It E T U 11 N of all VOLUNTEER and YEOMANRY CORPS, whose Services have leen

accepted by His Majesty; describing each Corps: so far as the fame can at present be made up.

CAVALRY. INFANTRY. ARTILLERY.

COUNTIES. Number of Troops. a. 0 2 L ft) a. a C B S IB TOTAL. Number of Companies. ►» Q. O Cj k u a, u S C B Z3 ui TOTAL. Number of Companies. >> B* U Urn 6 0. 4} a c= 3 £j 3 1 TOTAL. Field Officers. Captains.

Aberdeen - i * ’ 9 50 3>4°° 2 .. 120 9 49

Anglelea - - - - 10 - 1,000 - - 4 10

Argyll - - - - 36 - 2,028 1 - 63 10 35

Avr 3 - 144 33 - 2,t>77 - 10 36

Bailiff - - - - 12 - 960 1 - 80 6 12

Bediopd - 4 - 177 22 - 1,801 - - - - 7 24

Berks - n - 634 39 - 3,006 - - - - 7 50

Berwick - 4 - 160 10 - 772 - " - - 4 11

Brecon - - - - 15 - 1,196 - - - - 6 15

Bucks - - - 21 - 1,122 28 - 2,4*6 - - - * 15 43

Bute - - - - 5 - 380 - - - - 5

Caithness - - 24 - 1,272 - - - - 5 24

Cambridge 3 , - 163 33 - 2,4*5 - - - - 4 35 8

Cardigan - - 9 - 567 - - * 2

Carmarthen 3 - 120 29 - 2,316 - - - - »4 32

Carnarvon - 15 - 1,100 - - - 4 15

Chelier - H - 732 58 - 4>84« 1 - 105 22 73

Clackmannan - l - 40 4 - 296 - - 2 5

Cinque Ports 2 - 1*20 40 - 3,464 8 " 558 6 50

Cornwall - - - 8 - 383 65 - 5,432 15 2,328 30 74

Cromarty - - 2 - l60 - - - i 16 1

Cumberland l - 56 50 - 3,431 5 330 55

Denbigh - 4 - 194 35 - 2,344 - - - - 12 33

Derby - r * 6 - 330 73 - 5,*77 - - - 12 77'

Devon - - - 33 - M73 193 - 13,197 17 " 1*325 56 223

Dorset - 7 - 515 28 - 2,201 - - - - 7 32

Dumbarton 2 - 88 7 - 605 - - - - 2 7

Dumfries - * u 2 - 84 28 - 1,875 - - - 8 30

Durham - 12 - 573 54 - 3,8*4 6 " 300 25 69

Elgin * - - # 10 - 770 - - - - 10

Essex * 23 - 1,251 01 - 6,335 - - - 17 114

Fite - 7 - 350 36 - 2,613 1 - 1 ;o 16 43

Flint - - - i 6 - 270 26 - 2.4*9 - - - 11 32

Forfar - l - 47 44 - 2,692 1 " 70 13 46

Glamorgan 4 - 203 35 - 2,488 - " - - 11 37

Gloucester 13 - 664 64 - 6,436 2 - 17^ 13 81

Hants - 2 6 - if«5« 92 - 7,*64 12 - 836 17 126

Hereford - 3 - 180 38 - 3,7*0 - - - H 38

Ilertlord - - - 8 - , 625 27 - 2,319 1 - 50 4 36

Huntingdon 3 - 166 10 - 84O - r - - - 5 13

Inverness - - - - 45 - 3,666 - - - - 13 43

Kent - •26 - L53° 93 - 8,804 3 - 253 32 116

Kincardine - 12 - 824 - - - - 5 12

Kinrois - - 4 *- 280 - - - - 2 4

Kircudbright 4 - 200 11 - 746 - - - - 5 15

Lanark *• 1 - 65 68 - 4,44s 1 - - - 20 71

lAancafirr - 8 - 586 176 - 13,710 5 - 560 61 186

Loicefcer - 11 - 622 36 - 2,946 - - - - 10 45

Lincoln - - 1 11 - 713 37 - 4,56o - - - - 10 46

Linlithgow - - | w£ - 80 10 - 800 - - - ’ - 3 8

LothUu, East - - I 4 - 205 10 - 700 - - - - 4 H

Lothian, Mid 1 6 - 300 19 - L574 - - - - 10 21

Fa) in burgh, (City) - - - 55 - 4*858 6 . - 4i5 >9 61

London - 9 - 147 - 13*443 - - - 68 157

Midciefex ‘2 - 8*2 107 - 8,299 - - - - 32 109

Man (Itie of) - - - * - j 1 1 - 693 - - - - 4 11

Merioneth - | 7 - 404 - - - - 3 7

Monmouth 2 - 1*5 1 17 - 1,624 - - - - 3 19

Montgomery 3 - 120 20 - 1,560 - - - - 8 23

Is aii n - a - 320 - - - - 2 4

Norfolk - 22 - 1,120 86 - 6,511 1 - 108 18 106

Northampton - it) - V’37 32 - 3*430 - - - - 16 42

Northumberland 12 - 517 62 - 4411 - - - 22 <39

Nottingham 7 - 472 52 - 3,6*5 - - - 13 51

Oxford - 8 - 59 * 43 - 3,332 - - 13 51

Peebles - 1 - 52 6 - 480 - - - * 3 7

Pembroke 8 - 440 ‘22 - 1,851 1 - 70 10 28

Perth - 4 - 160 59 - 3,897 1 - 63 18 64

Radnor - - 12 - 1,000 - - - 5 12

llenl lew - 35 - 2,701 - - - - 12 35

Kols - - 25 - 1,620 - - - - 6 19

Box burgh 2 - 108 8 - 960 - - - - 6 10

Rutland - 4 - 160 4 - 335 - - - - 3 6

Salop - - 17 - 9r° 57 - 5,022 - - - 24 66

Selkirk - 1 - 50 1 - 100 - 2

Soinerfet - 27 - H544 103 - 7,749 - - - - 33 118

Stafford - H - i ,090 6/ - 5,42.5 - - - H 75

Burling -\ <jl. jy. 1 b j •20 i 3,118 1 1 65 6 M 23

Subalterns. Staff Officers. Serjeants. Corporals. CO 8 g a tm j W >-4 I a> £ "9 § •

1 *7 7 164 149 66 3,520

30 6 52 - 10 1,000

74 3 112 87 62 2,091

84 2 121 105 46 2,691

38 7 4i 27 27 1,0 2 2

61 5 79 59 20 1,97 8

109 16 159 147 63 3,4*5

28 4 43 28 »7 911

28 - 51 15 - 1,196

84 25 120 - 54 3,121

12 - 17 17 10 90

32 8 75 48 48 1,320

74 9 123 111 75 2,59°

15 3 27 18 18 531

65 8 111 107 49 2,347

3l 3 48 40 15 1,073

172 18 240 227 139 5,372

10 - H H 5 336

102 20 167 139 85 3,505

182 22 296 243 134 7,772

6 * 7 4 4 164

111 9 175 169 76 3»736

70 4 106 103 52 2,464

171 12 257 245 157 5,852

481 49 718 64 3 362 15,212

68 4 102 102 61 2,340

18 18 18 15 630

64 1 81 60 32 1,879

144 19 205 176 106 4,449

26 - 32 22 20 784

233 14 349 320 164 7,°33

93 21 131 103 71 2,906

66 6 96 101 53 2,698

97 14 145 113 79 2,717

81 5 118 1*9 42 2,301

186 19 327 177 118 7,161

272 13 406 39i 203 9,509

98 12 108 100 22 3,532

72 5 125 121 47 2,762

26 5 33 33 23 1,006

101 24 154 110 89 3*320

254 30 383 307 174 10,295

28 7 30 32 16 824

8 - 12 12 4 280

30 - 4i 4i 15 946’

142 27 197 - 112 4,513

400 76 648 430 34° H,*?8

107 11 170 134 68 3,488

108 8 150 152 69 7,866

22 9 30 23 20 638

27 3 30 - 19 905

54 6 84 62 3o 1,843

124 25 201 129 119 4,757

375 67 49i - 265 12,735

221 - 366 366 U3 8,379

22 3 35 - 22 093

H - 21 21 7 455

44 5 77 5 1 1,656

46 , - 4* 40 23 1,680

8 - 16 16 4 320

224 22 309 267 146 6,918

103 21 154 >51 57 4,089

146 10 231 217 116 4,726

105 10 1QO 190 64 4,io7

108, 14 l8l 96 80 3,5l6

20 5 20 12 H 532

73 11 1 1 1 44 45 2,197

128 23 1 s.» 182 68 4*036

24 - 48 48 12 1,000

86 9 84 70 69 2,424

56 4 8l 8 1 31 1,620

28 10 54 54 10 l ,c 60

17 7 25 25 8 495

132 29 222 l72 100 5,852

5 - 5 - 3 142

268 47 368 344 165 0,080

170 28 294 227 j 32 6,072

54 9 81 71 3i 1X67

Appendix,

(No. II.)

p° Dec emir is,

continued.


Appendix,

(No. 11.)

9* Decembrh

continued. v----- /

2o* Febntarii,

1804.

502 Appendix. A. 1803-4.

A bft raft of Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps—continual.

COUNTIES. CAVALRY. INFANTRY. ARTILLERY. Field Officers. Captains. Subalterns. cn s gj 0 B S) Serjeants. Corporals. Drummers. 2 ' T* 0 50 *L5 51 -J -

Number of Troops. d. 0 2 u V O- c c 8 . X C0 r*-1' bJ TOTAL. Number of Companies. g 0 O u 0/ Gu •M 4J x Ti c: TOTAL. Number of Companies. x Cu r+ O O L B G. c e: 3 C3 c: TOTAL.

Suffolk 13 769 74 6,837 7 87 189 11 275 \ 203 120 1 7,33*

Sutherland - - - - H - 1,09a - - - 5 14 28 5 44 28 28 1,120

Surrey 18 - 944 103 - 7,801 - - - 27 121 253 29 360: 135 18S 8,105

Suffer 1/ - 1,024 66 - 6,114 6 - 637 21 74 166 11 an 82 73 6,198

lower Hamlets - - - !’ - - 65 | - 4,'73 - - - 18 65 131 31 198 187 *29 3,7+2

War wide - 8 - * 708 51 - 3,874 - - - 18 59 125 12 199 95 96 4,1+6

Westminster 4 260 119 - 10,438 - - - 45 123 254 6 478 478 131 10,684

Westmoreland - - - 20 - 1,420 - - - 1 20 43 4 57 15 33 1,420

'Wight (Isle of) - 2 - 120 22 - 1,732 2 - 184 9 26 65 10 -8 52 50 I 2,036

Wigtown - 2 - 105 9 - 624 - - - 3 11 23 - 32 32 11 j 729

Wilis 11 - 850 57 - 4,524 - - - 16 63 138 1 212 211 108 5,*7+

Worcester - 10 494 48 - 4,046 - - - 13 58 123 8 19S 183 77 4,3°4

York (North Riding) 5 - 267 55 - 4,38i - - - 13 54 123 7 221 219 72 I 4,6 8 j

York (Kail Riding) 8 - 382 44 - 3,473 1 - 61 14 53 115 - 189 189 53 3»89«

York (West Riding) 33 - 1,606 j 1 166 - 12,990 1 - 50 65 179 390 48 607 U93 1 263 J 14,006

604 - 33,992 J 3.976 - 309,544 102 - 8,917 1,24? •i !j+>471 19,779 1,11: > i+,7r7 (6,74 \ ?4*>o6«

FIELD OFFICERS ...... 1,242

CAPTAINS ...... 4,47»

SUBALTERNS ...... 9,779

STAFF OFFICERS ...... 1,111

SERJEANTS ...... 14,787

TRUMPETERS and DRUMMERS ...... 6,7+3

EFFECTIVE RANK AND FILE, including CORPORALS ...... 342,060

GRAND TOTAL - 380,193

Whitehall, December 9th, 1S03.

Reginald Pole Carew.

="=\

LIST of VOLUNTEER CORPS in Great Britain , Which have been placed on Permanent Pay

COUNTY.

CORPS.

DORSET

NORFOLK

KENT

CORNWALL

4. Troops Yeomanry 4 Companies Poole Infantry 2 \\ areham - D° -

2 Wimborne - - D° -

2 Blandford - - - D° -

3 Troops Yeomanry

3 Companies Weym° Infantry 1 D° Dorchester D° Piddle ton

COMMANDANT. \ A

Earl of Dorchofler Lieut. Col. J eflery

Earl of Dorchester

Capt. Strickland - I Capt. Cunningham

Norfolk Rangers (Cavalry) Norwich Battalion -Vakenham Infantry Loddon and Clavering Cavalry -Blofield 6: S° Walfham 1)° -Norwich City Regiment Inf* -Tunllead and Happing Cavalry Yarmouth Cavalry -D° - - Infantry -Norwich Light llorfe

Canterbury Infantry Maidstone - D®

Holmei’dale D°

Tunbridge Wells D° Cranbrook

Det1 Pendennis Artillery

Marquis Townshend Lieut. Col. Pattefon -Major Cafe Capt. Mathias Capt. Vleath -Lieut. Col. Harvey Capt. Laton Capt. Lacon -Lieut. Col. Gould Major Harvey

Lieut. Col. Baker Lieut. Col. HoMingwortYv Lord Whitworth Lieut. Col. Cumberland Major Adams -

- \ Lieut. Col. Burgess

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

503

ARSTRACT of the LIST of such Y E O M A N R Y and VOLUNTEER CORPS as have been act epted, and placed

upon the Establishment in IRELAND.

COUNTIES,

Antrim -Armagh Carlow -Cavan -Clare

Cork (County) Cork (City) Donegal Down -Dublin (County) Dublin (City) -Fermanagh Galway -fcerry -Kildare -Kilkenny King’s County Leitrim -Limerick Londonderry -Longford Louth -Mayo Meath -Monaghan Queen’s County Roscommon -Sligo Tipperary Tyrone -"Waterford "Weiimeath Wexford Wicklow

Captains. Subalterns. Serjeants. Drummers, or T rumpeters. Establishment.

Rank and File.

Cavalry. Infantry.

66 131 144 54 an 4,674

29 d3 138 20 10 8 2,670

17 3d 55 H 142 ijOc»8

37 75 134 30 190 2,505

»7 31 41 H 335 499

73 143 211 70 960 3i382

21 43 77 20 360 1,120

28 61 123 28 330 2,250

79 12Q 233 58 285 4>589

37 79 102 3d 443 1,700

87 170 192 66 440 3,682

39 75 160 25 188 3,050

33 76 90 3i 427 L4L3

i'3 25 39 12 148 5f>d

17 34 49 H 273 630

21 4i 60 21 225 971

32 58 85 29 275 1,395

12 3i 58 12 180 950

27 54 90 25 558 1,244

25 55 137 4d 266 2,630

H 24 37 11 102 680

17 38 76 20 247 1,140

22 43 65 20 120 1,14.0

24 46 76 20 263 1,239

23 46 99 23 170 1,800

33 5i 92 26 337 1,490

H 29 38 13 265 511

19 35 46 17 115 892

52 93' 172 56 79d 2,6l8

67 15G 270 67 274 5,372

20 45 80 19 361 1,216

16 33 61 15 139 1,022

45 67 138 31 371 2,252

5o 90 135 40 270 2,466

1,126 2,206 |3>573 i ,003 1 10,277 64,756

General abstract,

BRITISH - 380,193!

IRISH ..... 82,941

GRAND TOTAL OF }

THE UNITED KINGDOM. ) " "

General Total

Whitehall,

13th December 1803.

- 82,941.

1

y. King*

463»iJ4

tnd Duty, since lft November 1803; as far as the fame can be made out.

Quarter Masters. Surgeons. A fs* Surgeons. u c •a* 4) & Serjeants. Corporals. u, 0 2 g c S c C fa || £ ✓ PRIVATES. Head Quarters, Period of commencing Duty.

250 Poole lft November 1803.

_ _ _ 240 n° - - I>

_ _ . 124 D° - - D®

_ _ . 13d D° - . - - 1>°

_ _ - 13d D° . - - D?

230 Weymouth - - - D°

m _ _ . - 224 D° . - - D°

m _ _ - 85 D» - - . D®

- - 60 D° - - - D°

9° Yarmouth 8th November,

.. m _ _ _ 300 I>° . - I)o

m 120 D° . - I)°

.. _ _ _ - 53 D° - - - !)•

_ . _ - 58 D° - - - . Do

550 D° - . - - Do

_ _ 67 D° - - - D

m _ _ _ 55 D° - - . ~ !)•

J _ _ _ 528 D° - - - - I)o

- - - i ■! - - - 92 D° - - - - D*

_ 460 Canterbury - . - 14th November -

480 Maid ft one - D®

_ _ _ _ 600 1>° and Barracks . - 21 ft November -

_ _ _ - 300 Hoc better - . - D°

m _ - 200 D° - - 1 1 1 1 t

r*onibArtlr N

- - !6 ! 6 6 4 120 1 i D# - - - - 1 1

Period for which they are to remain on Duty.

)rtnight.

5 Detachments of tins strencfh* being 1:> Men lrom euchCoru*

tian\. come out

1 D i f >a t 11 in

Appendix,

(No. 11.)

continued.

~ S/1

13’ Decem

20° Febrmril,

1804.

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

20° Februarit,

continued.

*----- '

504 Appendix* . 1803-4

Lift of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain,

«o JS)

*3 c s

JD 3 u . tn C

COUNTY. C 0 R P Si COMMANDANT, } */> 13 "3 O 3 flj s~ o CO a '3 a, cd § c o a 4) -I c 3 a 2 u o SC c 3 T -C 4/ t 3

V O O £ <;

CINQUE TORTS lft Battalion - Colonel Pitt - 1 1 12 12 12 1 i

2d - - 1 1 1 12 !2 12 - - i

3rd 1 1 12 12 12 - 1 i

ESSEX * Witham Rifle - Capt. Miller - _ - 1 1 ..

Union LegiohJ^1^ I Col. Burgoyne - D° - - — 1 1 2 3 4 2 4 3 i

DEVON - - Exeter Infantry - Lieut. Colonel Wright - - 2 1 9 9 8 - - i

ESSEX - - 2d Essex \ 1 '['??rCaVal^ * { 2 D® diimounted Major Tufnel - - - - 1 2 1 2 1 2 -

Hatfield Peverel, l Troop Cavalry Major Wright - - - 1 1 1 1 - -

2 diimounted - 2 2 2 -

DURHAM -r _ lft Detach* | Durham Infantry Lieut. Colonel Fenwick _ - 1 1 4 4 1 i

2d D° - - - I 1 4 4 1 - - i

Chester-le-Street Infantry - - Major Bell - 1 3 6 9 6 6 - -

lft Det1 Sunderland Infantry - Colonel Sir R. Milbanke - 1 l l 5 5 5 - 1 i

•2d - D° - 1 l l 5 5 5 — 1 i

South Shields Infantry Lieut. Colonel Sir C. Heron - 1 l 4 4 4 - -

KENT - - Sheerness - Major Bentham - - - l ——

HANTS - - - Christchurch Artillery Lieut. Colonel Walcot r - l l 2 4 4 - 1 i

CORNWALL - - Det* Royal Stannary Artillery - Tyrwhitt

DEVON - lft Detach* Farringdon Artillery Capt. Force - l . •

2d D" - D° - - - l - -

3d D° f

PEMBROKE Dungleddy Troop - 1 l l _ 1 m

Castlemartin Troop - Major Adams - - , - - 1 l i - 1 -

Royal Pembrokeshire Infantry - Lord Kensington - 1 l - 4 10 . 5 1 1

Newport and Fishguard Infantry - - - - l - 3 4 4 - 1 -

Loyal Prendergast Company Capt. Matthias - - - - i 2 l - 1 -

Pembroke Independent Company Capt. Manlell - l 2 l - 1 -

Comrad^ Officer

DEVON - - lft Detachment Ottery Artillery Capt. Lee - 1 ——

2d D°

lft Det* Bluckdown Artillery - Capt. Pierce - - 1 - . - -

2d D°

l ft Det* Sidbury Artillery Capt. Manley - - 1 _ -

2d I)"

lft Det* Sidm0 Artillery - Capt. Hodge - - 1 - . - -

2d D°

NORFOLK - - Old Buckingham Infantry Capt. Powell -

Difs Infantry - Capt. Woodward

North Waltham Infantry Capt. Cooper -

Wells, lit Company Capt. Bloom -

S*uth Erpingham Cavalry Major Bulwer -

East Dereham Cavalry Capt. Hyde - . - - - ! -

Lynn & Freebridge Cavalry Major Taylor - -

East Dereham Cavalry - Capt. Crilp

Swaftham Cavalry - Capt. Johnlbn -

11 ingham Cavalry - Capt. Alpe

Wymondham Cavalry Capt. the Hon.W.Wodehouse ——

DEVON - - Exininster Infantry Lieut. Col. Ld Courtenay - - l l 6 7 a - - 1

HANTS - - New Forest Rangers Major W. S. Rose - - - 2 1 5 ' 3 -

ARGYLL - - - lft Battalion Argyllshire - L* Col. Sir A. Campbell, bt. - l l 7 7 8 - i 1

ROXBURGH - - Roxburghshire Infantry - Lieut. Col. Rutherford - - 3 2 > 8 10 8 1 i 1

FOllFAR - lfl Battalion - Janies Mylne - _ l 1 8 8 8 m i 1

Sabalt*

FIFE - - - Detachment Fifeshire Cavalry - L* Col. the Earl of Craufurd - - - - l ——

CORNWALL - lft Detachment Crinnis Artillery 2d 3(1 - Capt. Dingle -

2 Divisions Fowey Artillery Capt. Orchard - - - 1 -

HANTS - - - South Hants Cavalry (8 Troops) Geo. Hy Pi.ole - r - - - - l l l - i -

YORK (Halt Riding) - _ Harford & Derwent Dale Lieut. Col. Creyke - _ 2 1 6 12 6 1

Cottingham Infantry Capt. Kuowiley - - - - 2 2 o - -

CORNWALL - _ iti Det* Portreath Artillery Lord de Duullanville - 1 - _ - l _ _

C:i» jt. Lit* ut.

FORFAR - - - jtli Forfarshire - - - I 1 - 1 1 8 8 8 - - 1

44 Geo. IIL

Appendix; 505

■ ,• ~t m

which have been placed on Permanent Pay and Duty—continued.

Quarter Matters. Surgeons. 2 c 4/ U < U jp s T? . 0 Sj Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters or Drummers.. PRIVATES. I lead Quarters; Period Of commencing Duty; - Period lor. which they are td remain on Duty.

l 1 . $6 24 24 839 * - - * 21ft November 1803 3 Weeks.

1 - - - 35 -4 24 906 - - - D° - - - D°.

1 1 - - 36 24 24 882 * * * - Dd - - i - D°.

- - - - 4 - 2 86

- - . - - 12 - 4 13°

• - 9 9 6 153

- - - l 27 18 18 594 Exeter - * - - 14th November - - - 60 Days,

- - - - 3 3 1 57 Braintree 5th December x

- - - - 6 6 2 114 D® * D° - 4 ■

- - - - 3 3 1 68 Booking - - - - D° ——

- - - - 6 6 2 130 1J° - - D° -

- - - 1 12 8 8 250 - - - - 13th Decefnber _ 21 Days.

- - - l 12 8 8 250 - S - - - 3d January 1804 - - - D°.

- - - 210 - - - 13th December 1803 4 - D°.

1 1 - l 15 15 10 250 - - - 10th - - - D°.

1 1 - l 15 15 10 250 - - - 3iit - - - D°.

- - - 1 13 8 8 207 - - - icth - - - D\

- - - 200 Garrison and Dock Yards 5th.

1 - - - 9 8 8 240

- - - 300 Plymouth - - - 4 X - 3 Weekii

- - - - 1 - - 30 - - - - lft January 1804. /

- - - - 1 - * 30

- - - - 1 - - 30

1 _ . _ 3 _ 1 58 Haver fordweft - 4 _ 5th December 1803; -

1 - - - 2 _ 1 40 Pembroke - - loth.

1 - - - *7 - 10 500 Milford, &c. - - - 7th.

1 - - - 12 - 8 252 Newport and Fishguard - 14th;

- - - - 5 - 2 100 Haverfordwest - - - 5^h.

- - - - 5 - 2 100 Pembroke - - 10th.

- - - - 2 - 1 30 Ottery * i - lft January 1804;

- - - - 2 . 1 3° D°.

- -; _ 2 - 1 30" Blackdown - - 4 lft January.

- - - - 2 - 1 30 D°.

- - - - 2 - 1 30 Sidbury - - - lft January.

, - - - - 2 - 3° D°.

- - - 2 - 1 30 Sidmouth - - lft January.

- - - - 2 - 1 30 D°i

- - 4 - - _ 134 Yarmouth - 4 20th December 1803 X 14 Day s;

- - - 160 D° - - D° 4 4 - D°.

- - - - - 4 89 D° D® - - . D°.

- - - - - 62 D® - D° - - - Recalled soon after afieihbly.

- - X 43 D° - - 9 th December - - -. 7 Days;

- - 60 D® - - D° - X . D°.

- - 100 D° - - - - 16th December 4 - . D°.

- - - 44 D® - - 23d December - - D®.

- - - 40 D° - - D® - - - . D°.

- - - 68 D° - - 30th December - D®.

- - - 60 > D° - - - - D* * - - D®.

- - - - 22 H *4 349 Powderham.

- - - 1 9 9 5 52 6 - . X X X - 4th January 1804 * X X 3 Weeks;

l - - - 25 - 16 424

2 1 2 1 48 - 8 1*008 . f

1 - - - 25 - »7 332

- - - - 2 _ - 23 Cupar * . 1 . A X 4 X X 2 Detachments of this strerigth

have been out.

- - - 33 - - - - 15th December 1803a

- - - 33 - * «i - 22d.

- - - 33 - - 4 - 29tha

- - - 164

I 1 - - - A bout 50 c onftantly—ChristcUjurch 4 X X X X - ■- Each Troop is bn Duty $ Days in

rotation to patrol the C^aft*

- - - - 36 36 6 720 <* m m * X - 23d January 1804 - X - 1 Mobth.

- - - l 6 - 4 119

Bombardf

- - - l 1 1 2 26 * A •* - - 9th Januarya

- - . 1 1 1 2 26 - * m - 16th*

Seri" Majr

l l I 1 i25 " 17 375 Dundee - 29th December 1803.

Vol. 59. 6 N

Appendix

(No. 11.)

200 Febrtiariiy

continued.

>-----O-----—>

506

Appendix.

A. 1803-4

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

ao° Februa,

continued.

<----->

Lilt of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain,

•j* Muiu

COUNTY. COUPS. COM MANDANT. Colonels. Lieut. Colonels. Majors. s' 0 c/i E & E 0 *—i tO E fcQ O tO — O C k O cr* J3 T 3 tn 5j a S3 J? to c 3 HP

PERTH - . - 4th Battalion id Brigade 1 1 1 10 12 9 1 - 1

STIRLING - - 1 (I Battalion * * * 2 - 8 12 5 - 1 i

FORFAR - _ Detachment lft Forfarshire l 1 1 * -

- D° - 2d Forfarshire ] 2 1

SUTHERLAND - - - lft Battalion - - - * Lieut. Col. Campbell - 1 1 7 7 7 * - 1

ARGYLL - - - 6 Companies of the ArgyllQlire — A * - * ~ - 1 l 6 6 6 - - 1

DEVON - m . North Devon Regiment Infantry Lord Uolle - - - - 1 - 7 8 8 - - 1

Barnstaple Regiment Infantry - Lieut. Col. Beavis - 1 1 <5 6 5 - 1

lft Detach1 Coleridge Artillery - Capt. Allen - - - 1 1 1 -

2nd ----- l 1 1 " " "

. . * 3rd - m + + * - - l 1 1 - - " -

Beer and Seaton Artillery Lord Rolle - * "

ESSEX - - Wakering Cavalry - Capt. Afplin - - 1 - - 1 1 1 - M -

BANFF - - - 3 Companies Banffftiire - 3 ti 3 - - 1

CORNWALL - - - Det* Roy. Stann* Artillery Tyrwhitt -

YORK (East Riding) - - Hull and Sculcoates Infantry - Lieut. Col. Wray - 2 1 12 13 13 - - 1

NOTTINGHAM - Bunny Troop - - Capt. Boultbee - | - - 1 l 1 -

DEVON - . Plymouth Dock Infantry - Lieut. Col. F.lford - 1 1 10 12 8 1 - 1

Taviltock Infantry - Lieut. Col. Bray ->■ - 1 1 6 8 6 1 1 1

KIRCUDBRIGHT " " Kircudbright Cavalry Major Gordon 1 3 4 4 1 1 1

Whitehall, >

Feb. aoth, 1804.)

An ACCOUNT of such YEOMANRY and VOLUNTEER CORPS in Grf.at Britain, as have been Voluntarily

to n 5)

c . c W

COUNTY. CORPS. COMMANDANT. V ^0 'c U to u —> to —j c c* c U* O HJ to p n u. 4> £ V. E rt E

cc J1 <D O p* X?

V Ij 0 •— O sj

Placed on Permanent Pay, in conseq iuence of the Circular Letter )

of October 1803, between the lft Nov. 1803 and 5th March > 1804 - 3 8 43 53 363 4O4 317 IO 29 37

YORK (N. Riding) - Whitby Infantry - - Capt. Simpson - - - . O *2 O _ _

HANTS - 2d Det1 from Winchester Company - Capt. Ricketts - - - 1 1 - - _ -

CORNWALL Launceston, &c. Infantry - _ _ _

GLOUCESTER - - Roy. Gloucester Infantry - Lieut. Col. Parker - 1 1 4 4 4 1 1

Wootton under Edge and Wortley Inf* Capt. Yeates - - - 1 1 7 0 T 1 -

DURHAM - - Stockton Infantry - - - - Lieut. Col. Allifon -

Darlington Legion - Lieut. Col. Trotter - _ _

Durham Y eomanry - Major Mowbray

HANTS - Det{ from Lymington Battalion - Sir H. Neale - 1 1 1 1 |

D° Winchester Suburbs Company - Capt. Sir T. Rivers Gay - - - _ _ -

YORK (W. Riding) - Rotherham Infantry - Lieut. Col. Walker - 2 1 0 s A 1 1 1

Leeds North Battalion - . - Lieut. Col. Tho3 Lloyd 1 1 10 12 X 8 X 1 1 1

1 8 6 1

Sheffield Infantry - Col. the Earl of Effingham 1 1 1 l 1 10 9 12 11 1 1 1 1 1

ESSEX - - Writtle Infantry - - Capt. T. Mitchell - _ 2 2 2

CORNWALL - Detachment Stannaiy Artillery

YORK (N. Riding) - Yarm Infantry - - Major Meynell . 1 3 3

HANTS 3d Detachment Winchester Company 4th D° - _ Capt. Ricketts - - - 1 1 1 1 -

KENT Hunton Troop - - Capt. Turner - . 1 1 1

GLOUCESTER - - Dnrfley D° - - - Capt. Cooper - _ . 1 1

NORTHUMBERLAND Corbridge Company . - - Capt. Toppin - - - l 1 1 8 5

YORK (W. Riding) Halifax Infantry - - Royal Wakefield Infantry . m Lieut. Col. Horton -Lieut. Col. Serjeantfon - 0 1 1 1 10 8 22 IO - 1 1 1

SUFFOLK - m Hadleigh Infantry - * * - Capt. Leake - - - 2 2 -

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

5or

which have been placed on Permanent Pay and Duty—continued.

77 C/3 ,

<L> 75 1— <U ■#J U- C3 3 tn C 8 to in G o o CD 3 m u © o' s •E? en G gs O) cn 15 l. o c. u o rumpdters or Drummers. W H > 1—4 Head Qu&rtefs; period of commencing Duty. Period for which they are id remaib oh Duty.

o' < J: CO o P-.

1 1 - 31 20 631 Perth * - - 17th January 18044

1 - - 3i - 19 577 Stirling - * - - D*4

- - - - 3 2 62 Arbroath . 24th January;

- - -i - 4 2 80 Montrose -

1 - * - 22 - H 560 Linlithgow «*■ - -

1 - -; - 18 12 348 Rofsshire, Murray, Sc Nairn

1 - - - H . 16 600 4 ill February - 21 Days;

1 1 1 - - 22 - 7 441 . 0 1 1 1 r 1 D°.

Serjt I\K Bombr*

- - 1 2 3 3 2 60 - - . D° - 10 Days.

- - 1 2 3 3 V 2 60 - - 11th February ’ D°.

~ 1 *2 3 3 o 60 4 ... - 21ft - - D°.

A tV > ierg Set)* ilnjr

I 1 " - 3 2 1 33

1 - - - 9 6 6 240

- - - 300 Plymouth - 1 Month;

- 1 - - 3« - *5 704 Hull.

1 - - - 3 3 l 68 Nottingham - - - 5 th January 1804 - * 14 Days,

1 1 2 - 3° - 21 582

1 ' 1 - - 18 12 12 376

3 - - - 8 - 2 155

23,792

Appdndi*, (No, li.) 20* Februarii,

continued.

Reginald Pole

sffembled on Permanent Payand Duty, Cnee the date of the last Return prefen ted to Parliament, as far as the lame edn be made Up,

Quarter Mailers. Surgeons. Afliltant Surgeons. Serjeants Major. Serjeants. Corporals. m a J. 0 Cu s 3 Urn H PRIVATES. Head Quarters. Period Of commencing Duty. Period for which they are to remain on Duty.

68 57 5 37 i>*49 1^57 851 27>594 GRAND TOTAL . - - . 31,382.

- 1 - 1 6 6 2 120 Whitby - . - - 19 th March 1804 - 3 Weeks#

- - - - 2 2 - 36 Winch ester - - - 14th - - - 7 Days.

- - - - 1 1 - 12 - X- - 4 Days.

1 1 - 1 12 12 8 232 Gloucester . 16th April - 21 Days.

- - - - 6 6 2 112 Bath * a - 2d * - - 1 Month#

1 - - 1 J5 ro 10 250 ... . - . D° - - 21 Days.

3 - - 1 21 21 7 326 . - - - - 10th April - - - D°.

3 - - - 6 6 3 120 - - 15th - - - - D°#

- - 1 3 3 2 44 Hurst Cattle «4 * - 26th March a . A Fortnight#

- - - - 2 2 - 36 Near Winchester - 4th April - - - 1 Month.

1 1 - - »4 C 443 Wakefield a . ' - gth - . D*.

1 1 - 1 35 30 20 500 City of York - - - 6th - * - 3 Weeks#

1 1 . - 1 35 30 20 500 D° - - - D° - - - D°.

1 2 - 1 30 27 21 476 Doncaster - , * - 2d April - - 15 Days.

- - - 1 6 6 4 100 Witham - gth - m - 14 Days#

- - 300

1 1 - - 9 v 9 6 180 Yarm - - * 10th April - * 15 Days#

- - - 2 2 . 36 Winton - 21ft March - 7 Days#

- - - - 2 2 - 3*> D° - - - - 28th - - . 17 Days#

1 - - - 2 2 1 4i Maidstone 13 Days#

1 - - - 2 - 1 40 Bath * - 12th April - - 18 Days.

- - - - 3 2 2 56 Hexham - - - - 9th - - - 21 Days#

1 1 - 1 60 30 25 850 Doncaster . - - 21ft - - 22 Days#

1 1 - 1 25 ^4 18 432 Harrowgate - - 12th - - * 21 Days.

" - -* - 9 - 4 148 Hadleigh 0k - * gth - - * * 3 Weeks.

508

Appendix

1. 1803-4

Appendix, (No. ii.) 7® M

continued.

Account of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, in Great liritain.

COtJNtY.

SUFFOLK -

SOMERSET GLOUCESTER -

ESSEX

KENT

NOTTINGHAM -YORK (N. Riding) -NORTHUMBERLAND GLOUCESTER -SOMERSET HANTS

YORK (N. Riding) ESSEX

SUFFOLK -

NORTHUMBERLAND DORSET - -

SUFFOLK -OXFORD -NORFOLK -SOMERSET

CORPS.

Ipswich Infantry , -

ill Bury Company - - ’ -

•id -

Melford Infantry - -

Lakenheath D°

Aflitield * D° -

Dnlverton Company -Crevvkerne, &c. Infantry

Tortworth Troop Cheltenham Troop -Durfley Infantry -

Chelmsford Infantry -

‘id Troop Essex -

Two Diimounted Troop?, attached -

El ham Troop -

Nottingham Infantry ' -

Teeldale - D° - -

Cavalry of the Cheviot Legion

Weltbury and Clifton Battalion

Weft Reg1, P* of Mendip Legion

- - Gosport Company -id Gosport Company -

- - Gosport Company -Titchfield and Fareham Infantry

Loyal Dales Infantry -

Hatfield Pcverel or W. Essex Cavalry Two Troops Dismounted, attached -Baddow Company -

Rifbridge Infantry -Baberg - D°

Stow Hundred Infantry -3d Corps Cavalry -4th - I)° -

6th - D° ......

Hexham Infantry -Loyal Berwick D° -

Blandford Right Company D* - Left -Piddletown Company -

Bofmere and Clay don Infantry

Loyal Thame Infantry -

2nd Regiment Norfolk -

Milverton Company -Wivelilcombe 1J# -Sir J. Jervis's Riflemen -Pol den Mill Infantry -Wells Troop -

ESSEX Loyal Roxwell Infantry -

NORTHUMBERLAND North Shields and Tynemouth Inf* -

FORFAR - 1 Company ill Regiment Forfarshire D* - - 2d I> 4th Regiment Forfarshire

rERTH Detachment 2d Regiment id Brigade

SUTHERLAND - 2d Battalion -

BANFF 3 Companies 2d Battalion

STIRLING - Detachment Stirling Artillery 1 Campy Stirling and Falkirk Battalion

BANFF 2 Companies 2d Battalion

CARMARTHEN - lft Battalion -

YORK (W. Riding) Craven Legion -

LANCASTER - Warrington Infantry Wigan Riflemen -

Wigan Infantry -Ailitoa Light Ilorfe -Afliton-in-Warrington Infantry St, Helen's Infantry -Whilton Infantry -Prefcot - D°

Knowlley Company Cro.xteth Infantry -

COMMANDANT.

Major Neale -Capt. Beiijalieki -Capt. Oakes -Capt. Grevis CapU Eagle - * -

Capt. Elliott A

Capt* Sterne - -

Lieut. Col. Fane

Capt. Moreton Major Snell -

Captns Vizard & Wallington

Major Gepp -Major Tuflnell - D° - -

Capt. Honey wood -Lieut. Col. Elliott -Lieut. Col. Morritt -

Lieut. Col. Coke

Lieut. Col. Whalley -

Capt. T. Whitcomb -Capt. May for -Capt. John Whitcomb Major Milling

Col. Straubenzee

Major Wright - D° , -Capt. Hull

Lieut. Col. Mathews Lieut. Col. Maclean -Capt. Tyrrell -Capt. Maynard Major Fowke -Capt. Gooch -

Major Carr Lieut. Col. Hall

Capt. the Hon. A. Stuart

Capt. King

Capt. Cunningham -

Major Middleton

Major Wickham

Lieut. Col. Bedingfield

Capt. Wcecli -Capt. Y ea

Sir Jn8 J. W. Jervi*, hart. Lieut. Col. Strangways Capt. Tulbn

Capt. Cheveley Lieut. Col. Lin (kill

Lieut. Col. Sir P. Murray -

Lieut. Col. Campbell

Col. the Earl of Fife -

Capt. Forrefter Lieut. Col. Rind

Col. the Earl of Fife Lord Dynevor -Lord Ribblesdale

Lieut. Col. Lyon

Capt. Aflbury -

Col. the Earl of Balcarras

Capt. Sir \VB Gerrard - -

Capt. Peet -

Col. Frafer -

Capt. Ord -

Major Aflicroft

Capt. Wright -

L* Col. the Earl of Sefton

Colonels. •r. J5 U 1 53 1 3* •/* *r* w Si c £ 0 4 3 w Si H u ’t. 0 S O 1 S £ 1 /. X*

*v 1 1

- - 1 4 4 4 - -

- -; - 1 0 1 - -

- - 1 '2 2 - -

- - - 1 1 -

- - - 1 2 1 -

- - - 1 1 1 - -

- - ‘ - 1 2 1 - -

- - 1 3 3- - -

- - - 1 1 1 -

- - - - 2 1 - -

- - 2 1 1 -

- - 1 2 2 2 -

- - 1 - 1 1 - -

- - - 2 2 2 1

- - * 1 2 1 -; -

- 1 1 8 8 8 1 1 1

- 1 1 4 4 4 _

- 0 1 1*2 13 9 1 -

- - - 1 1 1 - -

- - - - 1 1 - -

- - 1 .1 -

- - 1 2 5 3 - 1

1 1 4 6 6 -

- - 1 1 1 1 - -

- - - 2 - 2 - -


- 1 1 3 6 3 - -

- 1 1 3 5 3 -

- - - 1 2 -

- - - 1 2 -

- - 1 2 4 2 - 1 1

- - 1 2 -

- 1 1 2 2 - -

- 1 1 6 6 6 1 - 1

- - - 1 1 1 -

- - - 1 1 1 -

- - 1 1 1 - -

- - 1 3 3 3 -

- - 1 3 2 ——

- •2 1 7 7 7 - 1 1

j 1 1 2 1 -

- - / _ 1 2 1 -

- - - 2 4 - - I -

- 2 1 8 8 7 1 1 1

- - - 1 1 1 -

- - - 1 1 1 -

- 2 I 6 8 4 1 1 1

- - - 1 2 . - " -

1 2 1 - -

- 1 1 7 6 7 1 - 1

- - - - . - - 1 1 -

- 2 1 5 7 7 1; - 1

- 1 2 7 3 . - - 1

- - - - 1 -

— - % 1 1 1 *

- 1 - 1 4 3 - * 1

- 1 2 6 6 6 - 1 1

1 3 3 16 26 H 2 - -

- 2 I 8 10 6 1 1 1

- - - 1 3 ——

- 1 1 8 10 6 - - 1

* - - 1 2 1 1 - -

- - - 2 0 2 - 1 -

- 1 1 6 7 6 - - 1

- - - 1 1 1 -

- 1 3 3 0 - - 1

* * - 1 0 1 -

3 3 3

44 Giso. III.

Appendix.

509

as have been Voluntarily assembled on Permanent Pay and Duty—continued.

•/* tfl £ u c . x

'c? Q w Period Period

— u H

u <A c s: £ tn a 0 *P1 < > Head Quarters* of commencing for which they are

u 2 & 5>C 5- as cH ’u.' tf o 'IT1 c u. 0 £ 2 Duty. remain on Duty.

O' ■J5 < X X U H frl ■

12 6 206 Hadleigh 9th April 1804 m . m 3 Weeks.

- - - - 4 3 2 1 100 98 Bury DJ *■ 16th -I)® - 'm * m jsupposedti Day*

_ _ 2 . 0 40 l)° D• - - - 1 Month.

_ _ _ _ 5 . 2 93 D• _ _ D° - - - - 3 Weeks.

- - - - a. - 2 73 D° - - - D° - - - - 1 Month.

_ _ 5 6 2 i°5 Minehead _ _ 23d April - _ . - 3 Weeks.

- - - - 9 9 6 191 Taunton - - - - 28th - - - 15 Days.

l l _ 3 3 1 48 6 2 Cirencester _ _ _ 9th - - - t 10 Days.

l _ - - 4 4 2 G loucelicr . - . 1 1 a - - - 15 Days.

- - - - 8 7 6 102 lkth - 6th - - - 3 Week*.

_ _ _ 6 5 5 HO Booking and Braintree 24th - - - - 14 Days.

l _ _ . 3 3 1 55 Saffron Waldron - 28th - - - D°.

- - - - 6 6 2 80 - p° - - D° - - - - D°.

- l X - 5 4 2 69 Hythe - - - - 7th May - - - - 10 Days.

1 i 1 1 3 24 17 500 Worksop - - 2 lit April - - - - 2i Days.

- - - 600 Barnard Castle.

- . - l60

2 1 12 12 8 ■256 Durdham Down - - 10th April - - 1 Month.

l l - 1 33 33 1* 593 Wells - - - 30th - - - - 3 Weeks.

.. _ 3 3 2 70 Gosport - . - . 17th - - - - 1 Month.

- . - 3 3 1 72 D® - - - D° - - - - D°.

- - - 3 3 2 50 D° - - - id May - - D°.

- - - 1 11 11 6 175 D° - 9th April - - - > 14 Days.

- - - - 20 - 8 380 Richmond 21 Days.

l _ _ 3 3 1 59 Saffron Walden . - 28th April - - - 14 Days.

- _ _ - 6 6 3 85 Newport, &c. - - - D® - - - - D°.

- - - 1 3 4 1 72 Witham - - " 7th May - , - - - D*.

_ _ _ H 5 5 285 Haverhill - lit - - 1 Month.

_ _ - - 12 4 292 Sudbury - - - - 30th April - - - 3 Weeks.

- - - - 3 2 1 106 Bury - - - iff May - - - D°.

1 _ _ - 2 - 1 61 Loweftoffe - - - 23d April - - - 1 Month;

_ . 1 6 - 1 86 Stowmarket - - - iff May - - - D°.

- - - 1 3 - - 53 D* - - D° - - - D°.

_ _ _ _ 6 4 4 120 Hexham - - - 2d April - - - 21 Days.

- - - - 18 12 12 320 Berwick - - - * 9th - - m - D°.

_ _ _ 3 2 2 56 Weymouth - - - 23d - - ~ - 1 Month.

_ - - - 3 2 2 54 b° - - - D° - - - - D».

- - - - 3 3 2 63 Dorchester' - * 29th - - - D°.

l - - - 9 12 3 203 Bury - iff May - - - 3 Weeks.

- - - 1 8 9 6 116 Henley - - - - 30th April - - 1 Month.

l - - - 21 21 15 1 400 Y armouth - - - lit May - - - 14 Days.

_ . - 4 4 2 81 Taunton - - - - 30th April - - - - 10 Days.

_ - _ - 4 4 4 94 D° - - - D° - - - - D#.

_ - - 4 2 80 Near the Star, Bedminster 24th April - - - - 3 Weeks.

1 l - 1 24 24 16 400 Bridgewater - - - 23d - - - " 13 Days.

l l - - 2 3 1 34 Bath - - 19 th - - " 14 Days.

• - - - 3 3 2 35 Chipping. Ongar - - 19th May - - - - D°.

l l - 1 18 12 16 300 Tynemouth Lodge 25th April - - - 4 Weeks.

m _ _ _ 0 _ 2 63 Arbroath.

- - - - 3 - 2 80 Montrole.

- l - - 26 - 16 35o Dundee.

- - - - 1 - - 12 Perth.

l - - - *23 - 554 Linlithgow. *

l l - - 6 - 6 240 Banff. 1

- . - - 1 - - 16 Stirling.

- - - - 3 - 2 60 D®.

l l - 1 6 6 6 H4 Banff.

- - - - -4 24 12 444 Landover - - iff May m - 3 Weeks.

6 - 2 53 4$ ^7 1,242 . York - - 3d - r - - 1 Month.

_ o — *7 25 18 445 Chester - m 15th June - . 14 Days.

- - - 1 4 5 4 56 D® > 15th May - - - 21 Days.

l 1 - - 26 - 8 484. Liverpool - - D® - - - - 30 Days.

l I - - 0 0 1 47 Chester - - - D* - - - - 21 Days.

- 1 . 1 6 6 4 114 Lancaster - - D® - - - - D®.

- 1 - 1 19 22 6 312 Chester - - D° - - - - 30 Days.

- - - - 4 3 1 50 Preffon - " - D® - - - - 14 Days.

- 1 -- - 10 10 9 151 D° - - D® - - - D°:

- - - 1 6 5 3 100 D° - D° - - - - D®.

- I - - 12 12 200 D® * D° - - 9 - D*.

V 01. 59- 6 O

Appendix, (N<» ii.) 7* Matit

continued.

----->

Appendix, (No.li.) 7* Mali, continued.

V-----y-----J

510 Appendix. A. 1803-4

An Account of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, in Great Britain,

CO (A a tp

Hj £5 'a

COUNTY* CORPS. COMMANDANT. CO C u cn CO C CO i c u 0 CO 4 CO J to to

c o o 3 <D O ’cP * '3 G- 3 -4-» 3 O 4J U O "ft. S !>. cS

U vj >—2 ZJ c

HANTS Detachment Lymington Battalion Sir Hhrry Neale 1 1 1 1

2 Gosport Companies - Captains Cole 6c Deveieux _ _ _ 4 2

Southftonebam - - Capt. Sloane - - - - 2 1

York (W. Riding) - York City infantry - * Lieut. Col. Sir W. Milner - 2 1 8 8 7 - 1 1

Stockeld Troop _ _ Capt. the Hon. W. Gordon l l

Bawtry Infantry - - - Viscount Gailway _ _ _ 2 2 2 1 1

Stainerofs D° - - - - Lieut. Col. Stanhope - 2 1 8 9 10 - 1

Leeds Troop - - * Capt. Rhodes - - - - 1 2 1 1 -

YORK (E. Riding) - Bain ton Infantry - - Major John Grimflone - - 1 3 3 3 - -

DEVON - Hay for Regiment Infantry - Lord AV. Seymour - 1 - 4 4 4 - 1 1

CUMBERLAND - - Carlisle Infantry - * Lieut. Col. Thomlinfon L - 2 3 6 6 1

YORK (W. Riding) - - Bradford D* Lieut. Col. Hardy - 1 8 4 6 1 1 1

Pontefrad D° - U Col. Earl Mexborough - - 1 2 8 6 8 - X 1

DURHAM - - Staindrop Troop - Capt. Ingram - - - - l l 1 -

DORSET - - Everfhot Company _ Capt. Jennings l l 1

Sydling - - D° - - Capt. Hilbourne _ _ _ l l 1

Bridport - - D° - l l 1 _

CHESTER - - Middlewieh Infantry - - Major Trafiord _ . 1 3 2

Doddington Company - - - Capt. Rev. H. D. Broughton - - 0 1 o 2 0 1 -

NOTTINGHAM - - Newark Infantiy - Lieut. Col. Thoroton - 2 7 io A ]

Southwell Infantry - Major Wylde - - 1 / 3 3 3 1 I

HANTS - Ringwood - D° - - Major Harbin - - - 2 2 2 - 1

HUNTINGDON - - Regiment Infantry - Col. Lord Ilinchingbrook - - 2 1 9 8 9 1 - 1

NORTHUMBERLAND Walls End Riflemen - * Major Buddie - - - - 2 3 2

YORK (W. Riding) - Wharfdale Infantry ■1 Lieut. Col. Fawkes - 2 1 8 10 10 x 1

Selby - - - D° - - - Major John Porter - - - 1 3 a 2 - 1

SALOP - Shropshire Jtegiment Infantry * Col. J. K. Powell 1 2 2 18 36 18 1 1 0

Shrewsbury Yeomanry - _ Major the Hon. Wra Hill - _ 1 3 •> 2 1 1

Ludlow Yeomanry - - Major Walcot x - _ 1 O o 3 *2 1

ill Shropshire D° - - - Major Clodde - - _ 1 2 0

North Shropshire D° * - Lieut. Col. John Hill _ _ 1 5 1 x x

; Pimhill D° - - Capt. Hunt - _ _ 0 1 0 1 x 1

i Wellington Infantry - - Lieut. Col. Eyton - - 1 1 4 4 4 1

Newport I)° - - - Lieut. Col. Leeke _ 1 1 3 8 1 1 x

Whitchurch D° - _ Lieut. Col. Knight - _ I (5 (] (j

Wenlock - - D° -Ludlow 1)° -: Lieut. Col. Forester -Major Salway - 1 1 4 3 4 •> 4 3 ti - 1 * 1

Shrewsbury - D° - - Colonel Leighton Capt. Sir W. Blount, hart. .. 2 1 6 b x 1

DERBY Cleobury Mortimer Company - - - l 1 1 _ 1

Derby shire Yeomanry - - Ll Col. Sir II. Ilarpur, bk _ 1 1 4 5 0 1 1 ]

DEVON - 5* I * m

♦ Farway Company - - Capt. Wheaton - - J- l 2 - -

or9 3 <3 8 i Shute Company - - - , - 1 - 2 _

W £ C3 •L. ZV jC Axminster Company * - Capt. N. Palmer - - 1 - l 0 1 _ I

Division of Artillery 2 4 _ 1

YORK (W. Riding) - Doncaster Infantry ' - Lieut. Col. Wrightson - 1 1 4 8 5 - 1- 1

HANTS - Fordingbridge Cavalry - * - Capt. Hulfe - - - - 1 1 1 _ 1

CARMARTHEN - . 2d Battalion _ Lieut. Col. Ld R. Seymour 1 _ i 2 6 12

3d Battalion * -; Lieut. Col. Sir Wm Paxton 1 5 '5 c - 1 1

CORNWALL - Mount's Bay Artillery - m _ Major Davis - 1 l 2 1

Mounts Bay, ill Battalion Lieut. Col. Rose Price - 2 1 7 0 6 1 1 1

ESSEX - Detachment Rochford Infantry - Lieut. Col. Barrington - - - l 2 - -

LANCASTER - . Bolton Infantry Lieut. Col. Fletcher - . o o JO 20 10 2

Radcliife Company - - Capt. Bealey - _ l } 5 1 l

Lancaster Infantry - - - Lieut. Col. Bradshaw - 1 1 6 4 2

Trafi’ord - - D* - - Lieut. Col. Cooke 1 1 .4 4 6 2 1 A 1

Ulverfton - D° - - - Lieut. Col. Sunderland 1 1 A A 1 1

Manchester D° " - Col. Ackers - 1 1 2 12 26 r IO 1 2

PEMBROKE - Prendergast Company - - Capt. Mathias _ 1 2 1

* Llandifilio Riflemen - - Capt. J. Harding . - _ 1 2 1

Castlemartin Cavalry Major Adams - - - - 2 2 2 - 1

NORFOLK - - lfl Regiment Infantry - - Col. Everavd - - 2 3 8 S 5 * 1 1

GLOUCESTER - - Wootton Underedge Infantry - Capt. Yeates - - - 1 2 1 - -

Quarter Matters.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

511

as have been Voluntarily act’embled on Permanent Pay and Duty—continued.

l

l

l

1

l

l

l

3

3

2

1

1

1

1

6

l

l

l

l

l

l

l

l

1

2

X

Surgeons. 1 w e 0 QJ u. =3 cn 3, < u cn 1 Serjeants. 1 Ih O 0 u s 3 u Q 0 Q. a s H PRIVATES. Head Quarters. Period of commencing Duty.

1 3 3 2 73 Lyminglon _ 9lh April 1804

- - <) 6 4 113 Gosport - - - lit May A -

- - - 6 6 2 108 Town 11 ill Beacon

1 - 1 26 23 8 480 J Scarborough - - - 24th April - ,

1 a rr

- - - 2 ' 1 33 i'aw try - . - 27th - -

1 - - 6 <’ i + 120 Thorne - - - D° - _ -

- - 1 30 *5 442 Wakefield - - 4th May - -

Vet. ^urg. Fa’T

- LL - - 5 - h I 2 61 - - D* - - - 5th - - * -

- - - 9 9 3 14.0

1 - 1 12 12 8 228 Exeter ——

1 - - 21 15 H 264 Penrith - - - 30th April - -m

1 - l 22 20 16 37o Ripon - - 27th - X

- - l 3i 21 10 400 Harrowgate * - - 7th May - U

- - - 2 2 1 42 Staindrop - - 24th April * -

- - - 3 3 2 70 Dorchester a - lft May

- - 3 3 2 80 - - D* - - - D® - -

- - - 3 3 2 60 - - D® - - 1 t £ - -

_ - - 6 6 6 158 Brexham - - - May

*- - - 4 4 4 96 Shrewsbury - - 28th * -

• - l 20 22 16 400 Retford - - _ 23d April - —

1 - 1 9 9 6 200 Newark - - - , 3oth April -

1 - - , 7 6 4 143 Southampton - - - D° - -

1 - - 29 30 19 5.6° | Huntingdon - - ill May - -

- - - 8 8 6 125 North Shields - - 5th -

1 - - 3- 3° 15 520 Doncaster . 11th - -

- - - 8 7 6 «5 Melton - - - 15th -

n - 2 54 3d 3d 1,800 Shrewsbury - - 10 th -

• •Farr' «

1 - - 12 ‘ I3 3 H5 Ludlow - - - 21ft -

1 - - 10 - I2 3 148 Bridgnorth - - 24th -

1 - - 4 - 2 108 Ludlow - - - ill June

1 - - 18 18 5 240 Bridgnorth - 4th - -

- 1 - 1 - 1 55: DJ - - - D° . A

- - 1 H 12 4 308 1 Ludlow - - - 30th April . -

\ - 1 16 16 4 3°4 Drayton - - D° - -

1 - 1 18 18 6 360 Ofwelt ry - - 12th May -

1 - 1 16 20 6 290 Bridgnorth -- - 22d -

- - - 12 11 3 201 D° - - - 24th - -

1 1 1 24 *4 12 376 D° - - - 13th June -

- - 3 3 1 54 D° - - - 24th May -

1 - - 12 12 7 291 Buxton - - - t 1 A ♦-» - -

- - - 4 3 2 85 Honiton - - - 3d -

- - 3 3 4 57 D° - - D® - -

- - 6 4 2 106 Do r - D® -

- - - 6 4 4 96 Exeter - - - ill -

1 - 21 21 10 350 Pontefrad - - 7th -

- - - 1 0 1 33 Christchurch - - - 15th Feb. - -

1 _ - *4 3 8 12 45 d Carmarthen - _ _ lft May

1 - 1 15 10 250 liavertbrdweft - - - lft May.

lirnib1*

- - 1 d 6 I? 4 100 Penzance - - 27th April . -

1 - 1 10 16 440 D° - - - 7th May - " -

- - - 0 3 2 81 Malden - - - 11th - -

1 - 1 .42 4- -4 800 Chester - _ 15 th June - __

- - - 3 3 5 48 D° - - - D® - -

- - 1 13 12 11 246 Ormskirk - - 23d May - •

1 - 1 16 lfi 12 320 Ilnlywell - - 8th - -

1 - 1 12 12 S 252 Ulverlton - - May •

1 - 2 60 60 30 824 Preston - - - 10th -

- - - 5 5 2 95 Havevfordweft - 25th April -

- - - 6 6 2 100 Narberth - - 30th -

- - - 4 4 2 72 Pembroke - - 5th May - -

1 - 1 22 24 l6 460 Yarmouth - - 10th - -

* - 6 6 4 107 Bristol - - - 3d -

Period for which they are to Remain^on Duty.

2\ Days, l Month.

3 Weeks.

16 Days. 21 Days. 15 Days,

14 Days.

28 Days.

12 Days.

2i Days.

- - D®.

13 Days.

8 Weeks. 3 Weeks.

15 Days.

3 Weeks.

14 Days.

16 Days. 16 Days.

14 Dnys* D°.

21 Days.

D®.

D®.

D*.

11 Days. 10 Days.

D°.

D®.

D®.

18 Days. 21 Days. D°.

12 Days. 14 Days.

D°.

D®.

D®.

1 Month. D°.

14 Days.

3 Weeks. D°.

6 Days.

1 Month. 1 Month.

D°.

30 Days.

12 Days.

28 Days. D°.

21 Days.

1 Month. 21 Days.

1 Month.

21 Days.

1 Month. D°.

21 Days.

D®.

V.

Appendix, . (No. 11.) 7* Mail,

continued.

Appendix, (No. ii..) 7° Ma/i,

continued.

Appendix,

(No. I2.)«

io* Decem '-----^-----t

512

Appendix. 1803-4.

Account of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, in Great Britain,

COUNTY. CORPS. COMMANDANT. j Colonels. Lieut. Colonels. Majors. Captains. Lieutenants. Cornets or Ensigns. Chaplains. A V) u 0 c: oj S W w 1 3

HADDINGTON - North Berwick Company Dunbar Infantry - - - Capt. Hart -Lieut. Col. Middlemafs - - , l 1. 4 1 7 1 1 - 1

Haddington Battalion - - L* Col. Hon. II. Mackenzie - 1 l 2 4 3 - -

CAMBRIDGE Swaffham Company - Capt. Barker - - - - 1 1 1 - -

Ely United Infantry - - Lieut. Coi. Brackenbury - - 1 1 6 6 - - 1

NOTTINGHAM - Trent Vale Infantry - - Major Padley - - - 1 - 2 4 2 - 1

LEICESTER - Harborough - D° - - - Major Major - - - - 2 2 2 -

belvoir Castle D° - •* - - Col. the Duke of Rutland - - - l 3 8 4 - - 1

SUFFOLK - - - Hartsmere - D° - - - Lieut. Col. Frere - - 1 2 3 2 - - 1

2d Suffolk Cavalry - - Major Edgar - - - 1 3 3 3 - -

YORK (W. Riding) Knaresborough Infantry - - - Lieut. Col. Sir J. Ingilby - - 1 1 2 5 1 - -

Upon - - - D" - ‘ - Lieut. Col. Wood - 1 - 4 4 4 1 1

!>kyrack - - D° - - Major M. A. Taylor - - - l 3 3 1 - 1

Upper Agbrigg D® . - - - L* Col. Sir G. Armitage, bt. - 3 2 12 26 10 l 1 1

SOMERSET - Yeovil Infantry - - Lieut. Col. Fane - 1 1 7 8 8 - 1 1

Bridgwater D° - - Lieut. Col. Allen - 1 1 5 7 5 - -

YORK (East Riding) Pocklington D# - - Major Denison - - 1 3 6 3 - 1 1

WILTS - Wilts Yeomanry Cavalry - - Col. Lord Bruce 1 1 2 6 13 9 - 1 1

YORK (W. Riding) - - Addingham Company - . Capt. Langton . 1 1 _ »

Halifax Infantry - - - Lieut. Col. Moore - 1 1 6 7 4 1 1 1

WathWood D° - - - Lieut. Col. Foljambe - 1 - 4 4 4 - 1

Ainlty of York D® - - - Lieut. Col. Plumer - - 2 1 6 6 6 l # 1

NORFOLK - - 5th Regiment Infantry - - - Lieut. Col. Hulton - - 1 1 3 4 4 - 1 1

>4 127 149 944 M93 830 38 86 93

Whitehall, 7 May 7, 1804.)

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Board of FIRST FRUITS in Ireland; from 5 th January 1804 to 5th January 1805,

For building new Churches, and rebuilding old Churches, in such Parities as no public Service has been performed in for twenty years last pal't; and for the Encouragement of building Glebe Houses, on such terms as they shall think fit; for One Year, from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805 -

Irish Money.

5,,>o-----

77/0. Burgh,

Agent to the Trustees.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of CIVIL BUILDINGS; from 5th January 1804 to 5 th January 1805.

Salaries, Wages, and Lodging Allowances

New Erections ——

Repairs -

Garden and Pleasure Grounds Purchase of Furniture -

Contingencies -

£. s. d.

2,123 8 10

l3>755 4 2,975 10 4 4*5^4 3 3

13 1

25,000-----

The Fund applicable to this Institution is a sum annually granted by Parliament for the Repair and upholding His Majesty's Castle in

Dublin, the Lodges in the Phoenix Park, and other public Buildings.

R. Robinson, Acts Sec*.

Board of Works Office, 7

1st December 1803. ) Leonard Spear, SuprofAcctf.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Printing and Binding 250 Copies of the Public General ACTS of the Fourth Session of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland;

Dublin,

18th Nov. 1803.

jC- i>35°*

George Grierson.

44* Geo. III.

Appendix.

us Imvc b. cn Voluntarily ash.-n.Med on lVrmun. nt 1’uy and Duty—co;,//

iUU </.

* u

1— r/

<3 - "*

u 4. L. 3 V- Z C ■m Jr. n C r3 i 5 —» v’ 1 3 m *h. a H *

~ * J. V # - —

* . J. r-

_ - 3 3 2 84

1 - 1 li 10 8 2^*J

1 - * f lo < 10 5 240

- * - •2 3 2 4<J

1 - - 1 19 18 >4 310

1 - - 1 8 p 2 171

- - - - 5 4 4 114

• " 1 19 •2o 5 34^>

1 - - 0 - - 1 So

- - 1 8 V 3 loO

1 1 - - 8 1 4 8 2 2*»

1; ! - - I IS 10 8 2^*0

- 1 1 - - 1* 0 0 3 1 So

1 i 1 Co Lo 20 1,140

- - 1 *4 -4 id 460

1 1 - 18 18 6 2 82

1 1 - * 11 id 6 205

8 - - 3* 3° 10 560

- - - - 3 2 1 37

1 1 1 - 1 , S 1* 12 3«io

- - - id 12 4 24S

1 1 - 1 I 18 18 >3 300

1 - I 17 iG »4 280

ItiG * - 3 >3 log , 3v^4 3° *7 l.pSG 7,820

Head Quarters.

Dunbar -D°

D°

il

jj Newmarket

" N.-.v.uk -

Mtltufi -j! laneiter

! Tliiu!; -

| Iticbmoml

<! D"»i rafter York

Taunton

l)9 -

Hridhngton Quay

4 T loops Df-VUCS * 3 Marlborough 2 (

1 1* <. kbamptmi

Doncaster WuC.rld 1)°

Pontefract

Durham

14 th

GRAND TOTAL -

Period of commencing

o

Duty.

7th Mav 1604 I)J - -

D* . -

1>* - -

14th -

7th

pth

15th -

12 lb -14th -

oth

pth

id June 30th May -

14th

L)° - -

•28th -

15th

11 tli

I Slh ‘2 l ft -2 8 th

513

Period for which they are to remain on Duty.

Appendix, (No. 11.)

7* Alaii,

continued.


14 Days.

3 Weeks. 14 Days.

12 Day3. 14 Days.

lG Days.

14 Days. 21 Da\s

1 Month.

16 Da vs.

•21 Days.

1 Month. 3 Weeks. 21 Days.

14 Days.

L°.

21* Days.

14 Days,

21 Davt.

I>°.

20 Days.

17 Days.

14 Days.

80,095.

Reginald Pole Care^x).

L5TIM A i T. of the I <|-<nrt 1 p:iiit.ng Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers;

fr«*in the 5tii oi January 1804. to the 5th of January 1805.

Du Min,

jSth November 180 5.

£-9*377- l6-

George Grierson.

Appendix, (No. 12.) io* Decemb,

continued.


An K ST 1 MATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartment^, and other public Unices, in Du blin Castll, \c. and for the Hiding Charges and other Txpences of the Deputy Pur-fimauts and T.\tra Mef.eitgors attending the said Offices; lor One Year, from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805.

Ills Majestys Printer ......

l!js Map'IP, \s Stationer -

DilliUi leiin nta determined by Ol.'n e-keeper, Civil Department, Chief Secretary's Office ——

- - L>° - - D" - - Military i )J -

- I)' - - Chief Secretary’s Ollice in London -

To pay Tees in England on 1 iis Majetiv’s Letters for the issue of Money from the Treasury in Ireland l«»r Public Services - - " ~ " " - "

To pay Tecs on the Lord Lieutenant’s Warrants on Ills Majesty’s Letters for issuing Money from the Treasury of Ireland lor Civil Expences ——

Council Office, for the K.x pence of Poliage of Letters and Newspapers -

Deputy Purfuivunto and Lxtra Meiicngers ......

5,500-----

5»°oo-----

2,800-----

750 -

1,860-----

200 — -~

40-----

260-----

4,000-----

20,410-----

Chief Secretary's Off.ce, Dubim Caltie.

A. Marfden.

Vol. 59.

514

Appendix.

A. 180:3-4.

Appendix,

(No. 12.) An ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge for TREASURY I N C I DENTS in Ireland; fioiri the jth January 1804

to the 5th January 1805.

io° Decembrist

continued.

Salaries, anil other Incidental Expences

£‘*• iA'46 0 d. 1 British.

Making O - £■ 2,oooo — — Irish Currency.

James Crofton.

tSTIM ATE of the Probable Expence of apprehending PUBLIC OFFEND E It S in Ijielaxd*

Chief Secretary's Office, 7 Dublin Cal’tle. y

Dir One Year; from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805;

5,000.

JViil- Terr

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expence of C UI M INAL PROSE C U TI O N S, and other Law Expences of Governm*

in Iukl^xd.

P'or One Year; from the 5th January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805:

i- 25,000.

Chief Secretary's Office, 7 Dublin Caltle. y

A. Marjden.

As ESTIMATE of the Expellee of PRATIQUE of the Port of Dublin; from the 5th <];iy of January 1804 to tho

5th day of January 1805.

For One Quarter, to Lady*Day 1804; viz.

Sloop Matter -

Mate -

8 Seamen, at £. 1. 10 s. per month 10 Du victualled, at 10 d. per day -Wear and 'Fear of Sloop -3 Wherries -Wear and Tear of D° -

To make good Treasury Deductions and Pells - •

for Three Quarters, to 5th of January 1805, according to the above Settlement -

Dublin,

17th November 1803* j

c *. d.

12 10 — 7 10 —

3b-----

3S - 5

*5-----

97 1° — 37 10 —

54 — 5 7 17 iJ

261 17 6J

785 1*2 7J

1,047 10 2

John Draper,

Depy Pratique Mr.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s GOLD MINES at Cuoagiiax, in the County of Wicklow}

from the 5th January 1S04 to 5th January 1805.

/ -

&c. - - a. £■ *■ 1. 2. d. 9- per week - m per year c 177 s. 9 d.

c. - a. 0. 8. 0. per week - - - S3* —

- a. 0. 15. 0. per week - - - 39 — —

20 — —.

- a. q. 15. 0. per week - - - 39 — —

6 tons, a. 1. 10. 0. per ton - - 10 16 .—.

- a. 0. 15. 0. per week - - - 39 —- —

1 ton, a. 3°. 0. 0. per ton - - 3 — —

4 cwt. a. 2. i(>. 0. per cwt. - - 11 4 —

40 dozen, a. 0. 12. 0. per doz. lbs. _ 24

300 lbs. a. 0. 2. 0. per lb. - _ 3«

- a. 8. 0. 0. per fathom - - 480 —

D° - of 1 Carpenter Timber and Boards

>\ 'ages of 1 Smith - -

Coals for Smith's life Wages of 1 Head Miner -Iron for Miners Tools Wade of Miners Tools Candles for Miners -Gunpowder for Miners Driving 60 fathom of the Level

Sundry Materials Sieve-bottoms, Nails, Shovels, Pickaxes, Wheelbarrows, £vc.

Expence of Amalgamation, melting and affiiying Gold -

Incidentals; comprizing Carriage of Materials, Travelling Expences, Foliage, Stationary, See. Contingencies, in the whole 10 per Cent. ——

Cominiilion to Directors -

c

50

10

5 a 184

202

2,228 9 —

Cronebanc, 7 26th November 1803.3

Probable Balance that will be in hand 5th January 1804 Sum required to complete the Estimate -

A. Mills.

Mm.—L401* 3* Oi* Iiiib, required, is equal to £.1,293. 7. 10. British

r. s. (1.

- - - - - 827 5 bl

• 2 m * 1,401 3 5?

£-\ * 2,228 9 —

44 Geo. III.

Appendix;

A

olo

extraordinary Trouble, in the year 1804.

To Stephen Moore, Esq. Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in preparing and hating the Public Accounts of Ireland, to be laid before the House of Commons in this Session of Parliament ——

To John Smart, Esq. Deputy Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1804 -

To Paul Le has, Esq. Exuminator of Corn Bounties, fur his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of said Office To Robert Marshall, Esq. Inspector General of Imports and Exports, for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for Parliament, for One Year, ending the 5U1 of January 1803 -

To Rogers Wetherall, Esq. First Clerk in the Oflice of the Insperior General of Imports and Exports in Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament To George ilatton, Esq. Exuminator of Excise, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in preparing Accounts for Parliament ——

To Samuel Hood, Esq. Alliliunt Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament ----- w -

To Thomas Haflield, Esq. Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament - - ......

tS in Ikklaxd, for tliehr

Britishi Money. Irish Money.

£. s. d. £~

340

221 10 p 240

184 12 4 200

230 15 5 250

184 12 4 200

*+■ 00 200

>38 9 3 150

184 12 4 200

Appendix, (No. 1 a.)

IO* Dccc»ilnis,

coni Inued.

*John Smith•

AH ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the Clothing of the BATTLE-AXE GUARDS.

£, 74°* Gross.

43d November 1S03.

Step. £? Rob* JVylranti,

Agents.

ESTIMATE for Clothing His Majest/s Heralds Purfuivants at Arms, and State Trumpeters, in Irel

Office of Arms, Dublin, 7 Nov. 14th, 1803. )

For Three Years; from the 17th of March 1804;

£. 1,086.

Qhichr Fortescue Uljler.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS of Ireland;

for One Year, to end 5th January 1805.

Diet of 1,900 Children, at +\d. per day -Clothing 1,530 Children, on an average of 45 s.

each ——

Clothing 370 Children in Nurseries, at 26 s. each Repairs of 38 Houses -Firing for 38 Du, at £. 24. per Soap and Candles for 38 Houses -Books and Stationary -Furniture and Bedding -

Officers Salaries ......

Catechilis Salaries and Gratuities, at £.20 per annum (38) -

Mailers and Mistresses Salaries (76) -Diet of D°, at 6 d. per day -Premiums for D° - -

Wages and Diet of 73 Servants -Salaries for 38 Ushers, at £. 15. per annum Premiums for D°, at £. 5. per annum Diet for D", at 6 d. per day ——

Annuities to three luperannuated Mistresses and a blind Girl

Bounties to Apprentices for faithful service, &c. Apprentice Fees -

Medicines and Medical Attendance - -

Carriage of Children - -

Carriage of Goods -

Law Expences -

Rent, Repairs, and Taxes of Society’s House Incidents - - - * - y

Incorporated Society's House, ,26th November 1803.

3

£. s. 13>°°3 2

d. 6

3,442 10 —

481-----

2,500-----

912-----

570 -

300-----

850-----

381 10 —

760-----

548-----

693 10 —

304-----

920 % 1

57°-----

190-----

346 15 —

50 11 — 198 17 6

280 — —

380-----

95 n —

90-----

50 — r-

75 13 —

500-----

28,493 2 1

Rent of the Society’s Estates, for One Year D° of School Lands, payable by the Mailers Labour of the Children - -

Subscriptions

InterefYof Baron Vryhouven’s Bequeil of £.56,666. 13. 4.

Dividend on £. 40,000. Four-per-Cents. -

Interest on Four Dunleer and Six Kinnegad Debentures, of £. 50. each -

Interest on Government Debentures, Five-per-Gcnts. -

1

D° - on Ann Keou’s Legacy of £. 1,000,

IVanted to complete the Estimato

£• *. <1.

2,637 11 8

45i 4 I

1,000-----

400 — —.

1,794 16 g

1,698 13 4

26 10 -7

305-----

50-----

28,493

Appendix

(No. 13.)

io° Decembris.

v ,— —

8,363 15 9

20,129 6 4

Qiar' Dublin^ y.j».

516

Appendix

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

IO® Decemb

coiiiinutd.

An E ST IM AT E of the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of CHAR ITA B LE D 0"N AT IONS and B E Q L L $ TS j,

from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805.

For the Annual Salary of the Secretary to the Commissioners - -

For Law, and all oth$r Expences, i’uch as Stationary, Postage of Letters, &c. all of which depending on Contingencies, cannot be accurately ascertained, but it is presumed cannot exceed the lum ot

£. 8. d.

150-----4

250-----

4OO-----

November 23d, 1803. Patk Duigenan,

Treasurer of the Board of Charitable Donations*

P* S.—There is no Fund applicable to the defraying the Expences of this Board, save what is annually granted by Parliament.

ESTIMATE of Expences proposed to be incurred by the Association for Discountenancing VICE, and Promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the C H R I STIA N RELIGION; from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805.

ESTIMATE of EXPENCES. Salaries - - Assistant Secretary, £.50.; Messenger,

£-15- ......

Charge incurred by distribution of Bibles at reduced prices -

D° - of Testaments and Prayer Books D* - of Tracts, religious and moral -D° - fy printing like Tra&fr, to be distributed gratis - - *

, D° - for extending Catechetical Examinations throughout Ireland -D* - for the Encouragement of the Establiffiment of Schools in the ruoff uninftruded parts of Ireland -

D® - for Premiums to Country Schoolmasters, under certain limitations -D* - to promote the Establiffiment of a Seminary for Schoolmasters and Parish Clerks D° - for Contingent Expences -

£■ *• d.

65-----

630-----

IOO-----

IOO-----

too-----

150-----

200-----

75-----

50-----

50-----

1,520-----

ESTIMATE of FUNDS.

By Average of Annual Subscriptions from Members, for the last three years -

By Sale of Tracts

By Sum wanted to answer Expences -

Char* Dublin, Vice President.

JJofea Guinnefsy') Wm Maturin> )

Secrete

*N ESTIMATE of the Expence of the FEMALE ORPHAN HOUSE, Dublin; from the 5th January 1S04 to the

5U1 January 1805; for the support of One Hundred and Forty Children.

£. s. d.

Diet ...... 1,

Clothing -

Furniture and Repairs ——

Salaries, Wages, and Allowances -

Coals and Turf -

Soap and Candles -

Books, Printing, and Stationary -

Rent and Taxes -

Incidental Expences for Sick, &c. - * ——

•200-----

360-----

153 i° —

,5o-----

80-----

72-----

50-----

135-----

50-----

Total Expence for One Year

2,250 IO ---

An ESTIMATE of the FUNDS applicable to the Discharge of the above Expence; for the same Period.

Annual Subscription - -

Produce of Needlework

Interest on Fifteen Government Debentures Collection at an annual Sermon

£. s. d.

350-----

150-----

75-----

500-----

Total Etlimate of Funds

1,075-----

Difference between Funds and Expence -• Pells and Poundage - -

£ U»75

- 36

IO

1.2J1 17 »1

Female Orphan House, 1 ,

November 24th, 1803.3’ Register & Accountant.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

'517

Ax ESTI MATE of the Expences of fitting-up and supporting a PENITENTIARY in Dublin, for employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and Young Criminals convicted in a luminary way before Justices of the Peace; from the 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

IO* Decemb

continued.

For Roofing and finifiiing the Cells on the North and Weft Tides of the Penitentiary -

- , Maintenance of 60 Persons, a. £. 5. per head per annum -

- Clothing - - D°

- Rent and Taxes ——

- Salaries to a Clerical Visitor, Register, and Keeper -

• Servants Wages -

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to the Disbursements of the Insti tution: The probable Produce of the Labour ——

Nett -

£■ *■ d.

1,000 -

300-----

ISO-----

150-----

200-----

50-----

1,850-----

IOO-----

1,750 -

By Order of the Board.

Jos. Houghton, Seer.

As ESTIMATE of the Expence of The FOUNDLING HOSPITAL in Dublin; from the 5th January 1804 to the 5U1 January 1805: Calculated on the Expence of maintaining 1,200 grown Children therein, with 3,100 Children at Nurfc in the Country.

For Provisions -

- Clothing -

- Repairs of Buildings, &c. - -- -- - ---•*•*

m Mifcellanrous Expences; viz.

Coals - -- •-• m m m £• 500 -

Candies - -- -- -- - 250-

{Soap - ----- - - 300-

Lamp Oil ----- - 60-

Stationary, Books, Printing, 6cc* ----- 300-

Medicines ----- - 100-----

Collectors of House Tax - 400-

Furniture and Repairs - - 350-

Ironmongery - - 150-----

Tinware - - - r - - - - 75-

Sundry incidental Expences ----- - 840---

• Salaries and Wages to Officers and Servants, and to the Masters and Mistresses in Schools and Factories, and to Nurles and Attendants in the House - -

» Wages for Nulling 3,100 Children in the Country ——

Total Estimate of Expence - - * £.

~ Deduct Amount of Funds; viz.

House Tax ----- £• 7>3°°-

Rent of Estate - - 110 12 —

Sundry incidental Receipts - * * - 89 8 —

Add Pells and Poundage

£■ *• d.

9,000-----

4,30°-----

1,400-----

3,325 -

3,000 -

*,500 -

29,325 -

7,500 — —

41,825

675

44,500 -

J. Headrick, Audr.

An ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge of The HIBERNIAN MARINE SOCIETY in Dublin; for One Year,

to the 5th day of January 1805.

C II A 11 G E:

Diet for 140 Boys -

Cloathing - - - . -

Furniture and Repairs Soap and Candles -

Coals ......

Rent -

Books, Stationary, and Printing Outfit of Boys apprenticed Apothecary -

Incidental Charges -

Iwlarieg, Wages, and Allowance!

£. s.d. FUNDS: £. s. d.

1,245 1 — Dividend on £. 4,300. Bank Stock - - - 322 10 —

- 401 11 7 310 7 0 Interest on £. 800. Government D° D* - on William Burton and John Hyde, Esqrs. 40

- 75 13 <■> * 99 6 1 90 56 8 8 Bond for £, 1,200. -D° - on William Burton, Esq. and the Right honourable William Brabazon Ponsonby’s 72

two Bonds for £. 657. 8. 7. 39 8 10

35 . 6 8 21 8 5 Rents of Lands in County Carlow - 15

Like of Ground in the City of Dublin M3 4 —

- 4516 — Probable Amount of Subscriptions - - 100

" 288 17 10 Wanted to meet the Charge 732 2 10 1,937 14 8

£■ 2,669 17 6 £■ 2,669 17 6

Voi.

6 Q

In° Carleton, Vic* President.

518

Appendix.

A. 18034

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

10* Dtcembrity

continued.


ESTIMATE of supposed Expences of The HIBERNIAN SCHOOL for Soldiers Children; from the 5 th January 1804

to the 5th January 1805.

Provisions

Clothing

Couls, Soap, and Candles Salaries and Wages -Stationary Kitchen Garden Apprentice Fees Infirmary Expences -Incidental Expences -Furniture and Repairs

£ #. A

2,300 -

001 5 —

*75 —

841 10 6

50-----

70-----

1*20-----*

34-----

48 4 6

300-----

Deduct Amount of the Revenue of the Institution arising from Donations and Legacies -

c

4-700 — —

200-----

4>5oo-----

In the foregoing Charge for Salaries and Wages, is included Fifty Guineas a Year each for a Matter Taylor and Shoemaker, employed to teach the Children those Trades in the School; two additional Ufliers at Thirty Pounds per annum; and the superannuated Clergy man'* income; in all £. 223. 15.—Increased Annual Expence.

John Cooke Rogers, Sec/,

ESTI M AT E of the Expences of supporting The WESTMORLAND LOCK HOSPITALin Dublin y

from the 5th January 1804 to the 5th January 1805.

Surgeons Salaries

Officers - - D® - - 2 20 —

Servants Wages 29O —

Pioviffons for 250 Patients 2,700

Medicines - - * 450 —

Chandler - 170 —

Oil - * - 20 —

Bedding - 3 68 —

Straw - - 54 —

I^undrcfs - 147 6

Furniture - - - - 263 —

Repairs - 480 —

Stationary ——

Rent ——

Taxes ——

Sundry Contingent DUburfemSnts, per Order of the Attending Surgeons Trades and Bandages ——

To discharge Arrear to 5th January 1804

Treasury Deductions -

Auditor General's Fee on Imprest Roll ‘ -

- + Quarterly Warrants -

£.zu 1 —

256

18a

£ »• i.

5*5-----

36 -

20-----

11 3-340 -

350 — —

6,757

255

— 8 4

7,012 5 4

214 14

7,227-----

46th November 1803. 1 J.

Chairman.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining 80 Patients in The FEVER HOSPITAL and HOUSE" of RECOVERT

Dublin; for One Year, commencing the 5th January 1804.

Rent of Premises -

Maintenance of Patients ——

House. Bedding, Furniture, and Clothing -

Lxpence to be incurred in checking the progress of Contagion in the Houses of the Poor Salaries and Wages to Officers, Servants, and Nurse3 -

Coals, Candles, and Soap -

Stationary and Printing -

Medicines

Wine, Porter, and Spirits -

Incidental Expences ----- - -r-*;

£• s. d.

70 12 —.

595 *4 6

- 225 13

• 100 10 4

150 8 6

161 7 6*

10 7 4 i

50 7 6

' 80 8 2

* 50 2 11

£ M95 12 -I

FUNDS applicable to defraying the above Expenditure.

£ *■ d-

Parliamentary Grant - - - * * - * 5*5 9 3i

Deficit to be made up by Annual Subscriptions from the Public - - . 980 2 9

1 £ 1,495 12 —I

Arth. Guinness.

'I'1.3. Disney. Edward , Chairmacu

William Disney.

In° David La

c .■

44 Geo. III. Appendix, 519

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the HOUSE of INDUSTRY, Dublin; from the 5th January 1804 to 5th

January 1805.

PERMANENT EXPENCES:

For the Maintenance of 1,100 Adults, at the rate of £. 5. per head, per annum -

Maintenance and Cloathing 400 Children in the Aiylums, at £.7. 15. o. per head per annum ——

Officers Salaries, employed in the above two Departments -

Support of 271 Persons in the Infirmaries, including Wine, Porter, and Medicines, at the rate of £. 9. 10. per head, per annum -

Cloathing 100 Idiots and Paupers incapable of Labour, at £. 2. o. o. per head, per annum -

Salaries to 3 Phyffcians and 3 Surgeons for daily attendance - -

Salaries to the other Officers in the above Department -Nurses and Menial Servants in D° -

Coal for supplying 112 Fire-places in the House and Infirmaries, also Boilers, Bake-house, Brewhouse, Laundry, and Workshops -

Candles, Oil, and Soap -

Bed-ticks, Blankets, Coverlets, and Straw, at 10 s. per head, per annum Rent and Taxes ——

Advertizing and Stationary, including School Books, Paper, Pens, &c. &c. &c. for the Education of the Children -

Wages and Cloathing for 13 Beadles, two Horses and Carts, and other Expences attending the taking up Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants -Pure haling Implements of Labour, Kitchen, Dining-hall Furniture, and other House Utensils ——

Keeping in Repair the Premises - ......

Salaries to the Governors -

Ditto to One of the ieven Acting Governors who resigned * *

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

Finishing Hardy.icke Fever llospital - - - . -

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to the Disbursements of the Institution.

Interest of £. 1,612. 10. being a Legacy of the late Lord Vryhoven, veiled agreeably to

his directions in 4 per-cent. Confols. -

Profits on the Labour of the Children in the Asylums - * * s 9 -

5,500

3,100

486

2,574

200 697 . 80 57

600

320

885

350

150

380

480

300

I. d,

12 1 IO —

IO — 12 —

10 ---

1,000

100

141 18 —

720-----

£ l d.

16,161 14 1

1,100 — ■-*

2,000 — —

19,261 14

861 18 —

Nett

£ *8,399 16 i

The rate of Maintenance in this year’s Estimate exceeds that of last year’s by 10#. per head, per annum, in conference of tha increased Price of Provisions, particularly Oatmeal, Flour, Potatoes, Butter, &c. &c.

By Order of the Board.

Amount of last year’s Grant £. 18,765. 5.

Jos. Houghton, Sec*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of The ROMAN CATHOLIC SEMINARY in Ireland; for One Year, ending th*

5th January 1805.

Salary of -

President -

Vice President

Senior Profelfor of Divinity -Junior D° -

Profelfor of Sacred Scripture -

D° - of Experimental Philosophy - -

D° - of Logic and Moral D* - -

D° - of Mathematicks -

D* - of Rhetorick -

Two Professors of Greek and Latin, at £.60. per Profelfor of English Elocution -Three Junior or Alfistant Ledurers, at £. 40 per Dean - -

Sacriftan -

Under Librarian -

Subsistence Salary of D° Subsistence Wages of

of

18 M afters, at £. 40 per -

- Secretary to Trustees Agent -

of Two hundred Scholars on the Foundation, at £. 25 per Steward and Cook, at £. 20 per

Ten Servants, at £. 10 per -gubfistence of Twelve D°, At 20 per

Rent -

Repairs, Contingencies Poundage and Pells

Total Charge - -

By Order of the Trustee*.

£ '•

113 15 —

91-----

91-----

80-----

80-----

60-----

60 — —

60-----

60-----

120-----

60-----

120 --- —

60-----

40-----

20-----

720 -

56 17

300 -

5,000-----

40-----

100-----

240-----

74-----

113 7 6

240-----

£ 4m

8,000 — —

m

Pat. Ryan, Sec\

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

1 o’ Decetnb,

continued.

V, ——

520

Appendix

A, 1803-4

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

io° Decemb

continued.

A GENERAL ESTIMATE of the Commissioners. for. nuking Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, of the

Expence of Opening and Improving certain Avenues in the said City.

To open the Avenues to Carlisle Bridge, on the South fide of the River, as required by the Act of 1799 - - - £. 25,000

To complete the North tide of Dame-street, ellimated to - -- -- -- 12,000

To open Abbey-street and the Quay, North tide of the River Eastward, between Carlisle Bridge and the Cultmn-house - - 45,000

To complete certain Avenues on the South lide of the River, and to open the Communication along the Quays Westward, 7

especially the Inns Quay, adjoining the High Courts of Justice - ----- -j 6°>°°o

To open Skinner Row - -- -- -- -- 15,000

157-000

These Improvements are essential and necesiary to the Trade, the Accommodation, and the Heallhfulness of this Metropolis, and have been frequently and repeatedly solicited by the di tie rent Corporate Bodies, and the Inhabitants at large.

Office of Wide Streets, Dublin, 7

ill of December 1803. 3 lhd Sherrardy Sec.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in tht City of Dublin; from the 5th day of January 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

CHARGE:

Funded - - - Debenture debt - - - Coal Duty

D° ...... Club and House Tax

On which the Annual Charge of Interest, is Unfunded - - Certificate Debt (of which there is now due £.8,008.)

On which the Annual Charge of Interest, is -Miscellaneous - Annual Expence of the Fltablishment* -D° - - Rent to the College D° - - D° - - Bishop of Raphoe# -

Making the Total Annual Charge

DISC IIARGE:

Coal Duty - * (Average) -Club Tax -House Tax -

Rents -

Making the Total Annual Discharge

By which it appears that there is an Annual deficit of

treels, Dul id of December 1803.

£. s.

00,000 -

39,000-----

138,000-----

98,900-----

8,000-----

620-----

700-----

i)7o6 —

£■ *■ d.

6,63i-----

5.934- t-----

2,000 -

1,290-----

520-----

11,01$-----

5,o9o-----

Office of Wide Streets, Dublin, 7

TlW Sherrard\ Sec.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; from the

5th January 1804 to the 5th January 1805.

/ £■ *• d- -

To amount of Paving and Flagging - 7,u»3 10 2 By amount of Paving Tax - - - - i°,959 3 11

To amount of Cieanling - 4>>9o 4 4 By amount of Lighting Tax - 8,. 105 2 3

To amount of Lighting - 9,846 13 6 By Composition from the City for Cleansing 2,000 — —

To amount of Sewers - 120 By Composition from the City, fur Paving and

To amount of Fountains - 200 Lighting - 320

To amount of Corporation House - 48$ 2 4 By fate ol Scavenging Soil, estimated at - 200 —

To amount of Incidents 1,302 8 8 By Fines on Lighting Contractors - - - 70 ,

To amount of Ikhiblilliment . - 3,712 4 7 Bv Fines on Nuisances - go

To amount of Grutuities - 1,240 By usual ParliamenUry Grant—Nett - 9,7oo

To amount of Interest on Debentures 2,995 — —

£■ 3>.376 3 7 c 3*.344 6 a

Paving House, 7 id December 1803. 3

Samuel Greene,

lnfpr of Accounts.

An ESTIMATE of The Expence of the DUBLIN SOCI ETY forpromoting Ilulbandry and other uftful Arts in Ireland,

for the Year 1804.

ANNUAL EXPLNCES:

Salaries, Wages, and Rent ——

Premiums, for which the Society stand engaged for the year 1804. ——

Contingencies, such as Stationary, Postage, Books, Periodical Publications, Coals, Candles, Plants, Repairs, and extra 7 Workmen - - ^3

Rent for the Ground, under the recited Act of Parliament, as agreed to with the Commissioners of Wide Streets -To the Persons engaged in lurnifliing the Statillical Surveys, seventeen ?in number, at£.So. for each Survey Efnmated Fxpenee of Printing the lame, at £. Co. each County - - - . -

Debts due to Tradesmen - - - - m t ' m 9 T * m' m •* ► *

' £.

That your Petitioners have procured the most minute Estimate to be made for finishing the Works begun, re-building Drawing Schools, Yetci inary Buildings, the Gallery over them for tlu ir Models, and inclosing with a Wall the Botanic Garden; and the fame amount to the luni of AnOf, il the Rent of £. 842. 84*. 8d. is to be pure haled, it will amount to -

And would reduce the Annual Engagement by so much from the time of such Purchase. £.

But the foregoing cannot be undertaken unless your Petitioners are enabled so to do by the Bounty of Parliament.

T/jo' Seer.

£■ 4. d.

3.4-9 9 —.

».7*7 4 8

600 — —

842 8 3

1,360 — —

1,020 — —

9.039 0 4

2,800 —

11,899 0 4

i‘Ai94 10

8,‘> 19 1 8

20,413 - 2 6

44 Geo. III. Appendix;

521

ESTIMATE of the Expences of The FARMING SOCIETY of Ireland; for One year, ending the 5th of January 1805,

Expence of Charter for incorporating the Society

Amount of Premiums, for the year 1804 -

Amount of Salaries -

Expence of Secretary on Agricultural Tour -

Printing, A dvertiling, and Stationary -

Finitliing the Buildings at Ballinalloe ——

Boohs, Models, Implements of Agriculture, Bounties to Local Societies, and other objects that cannot at present be detailed ——

Due for Premiums ——

Due for Salaries ——

Due for Stationary ——

Amount of Rents in Dublin and Eallinafloe ——

FUNDS of the Society:

Arrears of Subscriptions -

Amount of Subscriptions for the year i8cty. - -

£.700

800

£. s. d*

400-----

1,850-----

306-----

113 15 —

250-----

1,500-----

500-----

969-----

300-----

211-----

160-----

6,553 15

1,500-----

5,053 15 —

Appendix*

(No. ij.)

iO* Decembris,

continued.

For the Farming Society of Ireland.

John Hamilton, SecL

An ESTIMATE of the probable Expence and Provision for The LYING-IN-HOSPITAL, Dublin; from 5th January

1804 to 5th January 1805.

Expeijce of 2,000 Patients, viz.—Maintenance (At the medium of 3 s. each) Salaries, Wages, Rents, Taxes -Repairs, Sundries, 6cc. &c. &c. -

Probable exceeding in Numbers on account of War, 200; or per annum -Debenture Interetl, formerly paid by Sedan Chaii Pax -

INCOME: Probable Surplus or Balance in hand of the preceding year

f Raphfon's Rents ——

Certain < Rent of Stores -

t Debenture Interest -

£. s. d.

114 19 6

200-----

150-----

Aftley’s Annuity of £. too. cannot be expected if his Theatre is not open -

/ Annual Ward Benefactions - 150-----

\ Leller Annual Donations - - 60-----

Casual Product expected on Sermon - 200 — —

Duty on Chairs; of which only 4 are actually in daily use, although 7 several continue Payment - - - - j

Balance deficient ——

£. s.

2,200-----

486 — 4

313 19 8

500-----

464 19 6

410-----

50-----

£. s. d.

3,000-----

300-----

440 -

1,424 19 6

2,315 — 6

£. s. d.

3»74°-----

3,740-----

James Rafferty, Register.

LINEN BOARD.

Estimate of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be defrayed by Parliament, £. s. d. for promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures, for One year; from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, being the amount of the Annual Grants for a series of years past - 21,600— —

Linen Office, 7 6th December 1803. 3

By order.—For James Corry, Esq.

Secretary to the Trustees.

John Judd, ift Clerk.

Appendix,

(No. 14.)

12* Decemb '---1^-______»

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the NOTES of the Bank of Ireland, in Circulation (including Bank Poll Bills payable after Seven Days Sight) on the ift January, April, June, and September 1797, respectively.

£. t. d.

1797 - - - ift January - 621,917 6 4

- - - - April - 737,268 13 11J

- - - - June - - - 853,612 2 5

... - September - - -> 959.999 10 6

Appendix,

(No. .5.)

13° Decembris«

Dublin,

§th December 1803.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

William Donlevyf

A^c1 Gen1,

You 59.

6 R

52 2

Appendix

1803-4

Appendix,

(No. 15 )

13* Decembrist

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the NOTES of the Bank of Ireland, in Circulation (including Bank Pod Bills payable afttf

Seven Days Sight) on the ill April, May, and June 1801, rci'pcctively.

- , - - id April - £■ *■ 2,260,471 6 <1. 3

- - - - May - - - 2,405,214 — —

• - - - June ' 2,350,012 3 4 4

Dublin, 7 ^th Dec. 1803.3

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland*

William Don levy,

Acc* GenJ.

An AGC OU N T of the Amount of the NOTES of the Bank of Ireland, in Circulation (including Bank Pod Bills payableafter Seven Days Sight) on the id June, Augud, October, and December 1802, and the id February 1803, respectively.

1802 - - - id June ... - Augud

- - - - October -... - December

1803 - - - id February -

Dublin, 7 3b Dec. 1803. 3

£■ *■ d.

- 2,678,980 3 7

- 2,628,958 18 9

- 2,528,951 4 2

- 2,630.867 3 9

2,633,864 5 7i

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland*

William Donlevy,

Acc1 Gen1.

AN ACCOUNT of the Amount of the NOTES of the Bank of Ireland, in Circulation (including Bank Pod Bills payable after Seven Days Sight) on the id January, April, Augud, and October 1803, respectively; didinguidiing the Amount of the several Descriptions of Notes below the Value of Five Pounds,

£■ *. d. Value of £. 5. and upwards - - -oi£.\. 14^403 } - - of 1 Guinea ----- 541,208 17 — f - - of 1 & j 3">597 7r( - - of 3 - * - 5,142 12 9 1803 - - January ift £• s% 1,624,401 4 8J 999,351 11 4§

2,623,75216 1

Value of £. 5. and upwards - -- -- * - of £■ »• 139.748 ) - - of 1 Guinea ----- 538,911 2 — f - -ofi&| - - - 314.391 1* 4l( "*of 3 24,645 1 6 ) 1803 - - April id £, 1,642,254 14 7J ,1,017,696 1 lof

2,659,950 16 6

Value of £. 5. and upwards - -- -- - -of £■ i*. - - * - 143.226 ■) - of 1 Guinea ----- 542,976 10 6 f - of 1 & | - - 314,422 12 7M --of 3 - - * - - - . 11,971 1 — 3 1803 - - Augud id £, 1,806,194 1 6 1,012,596 4 1$

2,818,790 5 7J

- - of £.1. 243,314 1 - - of 1 Guinea ....... 544,092 3 6 f - * of 1 & $ - 312,661 15 71 f - - of 3 - - - - - 10,923 * 3 3 1803 - - October id- - - * - £. 1,011,891 7 4I

2,781,841 17 3J

Dublin, 7 fth Dec. 1803. 3

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland*

William Donlevy,

Acc* Gen1,

44 Geo. 111* Appendix.

Appendix,

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of P R E M IU M S, BOUNTIES, and Sums of Money expended under the Authority of the Act of the 41ft George III. cap. 99. for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom; in the lait Season:—Which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of Directions from the Lords CominiHioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

(No. 16.)

140 Decern

PORTS,

To which the Fish have been brought for Sale.

LONDON:

To 13 Vessels bringing the largest Quantities, being upwards of 20 Tons*) each ...... £. 50. - J

To 12 single Vessels bringing the largeil Quantities, being upwards of 20 Tons 7 each ...... £.40 -5

To Two Persons bringing the largest Quantities of Herrings - - N° 886,000

To Four Perl'ons bringing the largelt Quantities of Sprats - - Bushels 6,222

For the largest Quantity - - - N° 384,500

N. B. It appears that the Total Quantities of Fish brought to Billings-

lor the Year - - 1802 1803:

f . 1 2 0 £ 5® co H U 3 Tons. Cwt. qrs. lbs.

Fresh Cod, Haddock, &c. - 1,416. 10. 3. 4. 2,173-, 10.3.14.

Slightly salted Cod, Haddock, &c. 171. 9. 1. 8. 312. 10. 1. 8.

Skaite, Thornback, Sec. * 649. 8. 2. 14. N° 1,090- 3- 3- 17-

Fresh Herrings - Fresh Sprats ----- 4, G77,5°o. or 623. 0. 0. 0. Bufticls: lo,3f> N"

Fresh Mackarel - " " " 866,995.

EXETER:

For the greatest Quantities of Fish caught between lit December 1801 and-lit September 1802 - - - * -

N. B. The Total Quantity of Fish brought into this Market in the Year preceding, appears to have been 58 Tons.

3

for the Years - - 1802: 1803:

Tons. Cwt. ’ qrs. lbs. Tons. Cwt. qrs. lbs.

Cod - •* •* - 214.13.2 19. 128.13.2.22.

Hfuldocks - -1 302. 5. 3. 6. 526.13.2. 4.

Skaite - 25- »7- 3- 13- 45- «• 3- H-

Turbot and Soles * 5- 5- 0. 6. M OO IS OS

Cod ——

D° (lightly salted Skaite, &c. - -Cod ——

Skaite, &c. - -

Herrings -

Sprats - - -Mackarel -

For the greatest Quantities of Fish caught between lft December 1802 and lft August 1803 -

BRISTOL:

For the largest Quantity brought to this Market to 31ft December 180*2. not less than -

For the largest Quantity, not less than 75,000, or -

For the next largest Quantity not less than 37,500, or -

N. B, No Return has been received of the Quantities of Fish caught.

EDINBURGH:

To the Three Persons bringing the largest Quantities of Fifti into Market from < lft October 1802 to lft October 1803 -

N.B. The Total Quantity of Filli exposed to Sale in this Market were,

Skaite, Hake, &c. Herrirgs -

Mackarel -

Cod & Haddock

Herrings - -

Cod & Haddock Pilchards - -

Skaite, Hake, &c.

Frefli Skaite, *)' Turbot, See. 3

Mackarel -

D° ......

Cod -

Haddocks Skaite -

Turbot and Soles

IRELAND

Quantity of Fish from which any Bounty has been given.

o ? £ w

H u O’

944. 12. 3. 25. 59. 17. o. 15. 543- 5. 2. 13.

40.

131. 4. 1. o. 8. 6. 2. o. 3. 2. o. o. 3- 5- 3. 7-

204. 13. 3. o 3. 10. 2. o. 15. 7. 2. o. 13. 2. 2. o.

o. o.

30. Ol o. 0. 15. o. o. o.

104. 14. 3. o. 422. 9. 8. 9.

27. 11. o. o. 9. 1. 2. O.

Tq Melfrs. Puget and Bainbridge, to be remitted to the Treasury of Ireland, and to be applied, by his Excellency the Lord lieutenant, in paying Bounties, and promoting and encouraging the Supply of Fish in that Country -

Amount of

Premium or Bounty.

£ *• d.

880-----

80-----

390-----

650-----

480-----

100-----

140-----

150-----

166 —

3° 5 31 10 21 —

180 10

15 —

25 —

20 —

Carried over -

50-----

30-----

15-----

90 — 100 —

25 — 30 —

6,000 — —

9,699 5 —

524

Appendix.

A. 1803-4

Appendix*

(No. 16.)

14° Decemb

continued.

An Account of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, &c. for bringing Fish to London, &c.—continued.

Brought forward - - - - £.

CHARGES and EXPENCES attending the ascertaining the Bounties.

LONDON :—Allowance to an Examiner - - - -150-----—

- ----- Inspector - - - -150-----

BRISTOL:—Expences of printing and advertizing Rules, See. -

EDINBURGH:—Wages to Clerk and Person for weighing the Fish -

Mr. TELFORD:—For his Expences in surveying the Harbours and Coasts in North Britain, to promote the Encouragement of the Fisheries there -

Mr. STRACHAN:—For Attendance on the Salt and Fishery Enquiries, and for Expences incurred -

EXETER:—Expences of Printing, &c. &c. for 180a -Allowance to an Examiner - 1 1 CO CO Cn 3 6

Expences of Printing, See. See. for 1803* -Allowance to an Examiner ... - - - - 4 35 3 —

Amount of

Premium or

Bounty.

9,699 5 —

300 — —

69 3 6

39 3 —

89 7 —

36 10 —.

850 — —

>77 — 6

11,260 9 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 14th December 1803. j

N. Vanjittart.

Appendix, (No. 17.) 19* Decembris.

GENERAL RETURN OF THE ROYAL ARMY OF RESERVE; Made up from the latest Returns received by the Inspector General.

Inspector General's Office, December 1803,

ENGLAND and WALES. COUNTIES. Number of MEN Raised. Rejected. Dead. Defer ted. Effective and Present. Number due, including Casualties.

Anglesea .... Bedford - - -Buckingham ... Berks - Brecon - - - - Cambridge - Cheshire - Cumberland - - Cornwall - Cardigan - Carmarthen - Carnarvon - Durham - Devon - Dorset - Derby - Denbigh - Essex Flint -Gloucester -Glamorgan -Hertford -Huntingdon - -Hants - Hereford - Kent - - Lancaster .... London and Middlesex -Leicester -Lincoln -Merioneth -Monmouth -Montgomery -Northampton -Norfolk -Northumberland -Nottingham -Oxford -Pembroke -Rutland -Radnor -Shropshire - Suffolk .... Surrey - Sussex - Somerset - Stafford - Warwick - Worcester - Weft moi eland - Wilts C West Riding York/East D* -( North D* - +5 >73 348 392 106 3*8 594 306 57° 127 230 «5 444 1,216 332 587 130 819 83 ^5 199 307' 123 597 418 1,040 2,303 1,376 510 639 86 127 l60 452 802 53° 519 337 l77 4*2 53 57i 713 571 37i 890 745 595 565 166 683 1,844 343 304 * 2 9 3* 1 17 24 35 49 1 2 1 17 69 2 4 8 31 2 3 13 4 2 4 26 82 28 *9 2 2 1 7 32 45 3^ 27 1 2 1 40 53 10 2 33 1 3 4 42 113 2 3 5 1 2 2 2 3 2 4 3 19 3 3 4 1 12 2 7 2 4 1 3 2 2 2 3 H 1 1 13 26 3 5 1 1 2 7 3 1 1 2 13 36 2 12 28 39 29 1 2 24 10 3 53 77 1 7 2 18 56 48 68 73 53 84 10 10 1 1 22 H 24 6 1° 1 12 12 103 19 7* 3 8 14 6 10 28 2 41 169 323 319 103 288 54° 23P 490 125 223 84 401 M33 3*4 530 122 692 80 662 194 272 62 535 344 934 2,166 1,260 470 624 82 156 442 734 470 463 303 166 39 52 50 6 622 455 345 785 741 583 546 158 624. 1,700 340 3°3 68 87 112 124 44 64 162 176 85 142 25 44 77 124 61 84 IO4 287 55 114 81 129 57 253 76 492 258 1,883 59 13* 45 52 11 166 193 165 97 121 2 15 22 286 245 508 276 198 170 130 42 22 103 289 237 HO

TOTAL for England and Wales 26,739 952 178 1,129 24,480 9,004 - :_1

( continued.J

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Mo

General Return of the Royal Army of Reserve—continued.

S C O T LAND. Number of M E N Raised. Rejected. Dead. Deserted. Effective, and Prelent. Number due, including the Casualties.

COUNTIES

Aberdeen 154 4 >50 330

Argyle - - - -6 - - - 6 70 203

Ayr " - - 286 2 2 12 270 57

Banff - - - - 29 29 105

Berwick - - - ,94 2 1 16 75 41

Bute - - - - 3 3 43

Caithness - - - 84 2 _ _ _ 1 8i 10

Clackmannan - - - 41 41 1

Cromarty - - - 9 9 3

Dumbarton - - - - 87 2 , - . 13 72 8

Dumfries - - - 177 1 - - 35 141 72

Edinburgh - - - - 358 16 - - 39 * 303 180

Elgin - - - - 64 1 * 63 40

Fife - - - 348 - - - 334 29

Forfar - - - - 293 2 - - 2 289 P4

Haddington - - - - 75 6 - - -* 9 60 56

Inverness - - - 122 - _ _ - 122 166

Kincardine - - - - 70 - - - 4 66 36

Kinross - - - 24 24 0

Kirkcudbright - - - 66 1 - - i 7 58 55

Lanark - - - 5°9 - - - 21 488 75

Linlithgow - - - 67 6 - - 7 54 16

Nairn - - - - 21 - 2 19 1.3

Pee Dies - - - 3i 1 _ _ 2 28 6

* Perth - - - 462 - - - 25 437 53

Renfrew - - 279 1 - - 25 253 50

Rids - - - 171 3 - - 3 165 38

Roxburgh - - 100 5 _ _ 6 89 45

Selkirk - - - 19 >9

Stbluig - - - 173 6 _ . 16 151 46

Sutherland - - - - 61 1 - - - - 60 15

Wigtown - - 82 - - - - 2 80 9

TOTAL for SCOTLAND - 4,435 58 3 271 4. >03 1,897

I R E.LAND.

COUNTIES.

Antrim

Armagh

Carlow*

Cavan -Clare -Cork (City) -L>° - (County) Donegal Down - -

Dublin (City)

D° - - (County) -Fermanagh -Galway Kerry -Kildare Kilkenny King’s Leitrim

Limerick (City) -D° - - (Colinty) Londonderry Lougfurd Louih -

i\ 1 MVO -

Meath

Monaghan -

Queen’s

lloicommon -

Sligo -

Tipperary

Tyrone

Waterford

Wefttneath -

Wexford

Wicklow

TOTAL for IRELAND - -

RECAPITULATION.

England a^d Wales Scotland

I It ELAND

TOTAL for } UNITED KINGDOM|

245 16 229 51

241 CJ . T3 C - - - 21 220 Co

87 c3 oj C - . _ 9 78 132

203 c C - - - *3 180 30

44 a, 0 c 3 - - - 1 43 167

229 - - - 3i 198 82

310 § ,0 - - - 19 291 279

* 108 - £ - - - >9 89 261

375 - - - 16 359 66

283 - - - 28 255 25

134 &z - - - 12 122 88

189 SP 2 - - - 9 180 30

166 - - . 11 >55 ’95

71 U tD G _ _ 11 60 220

130 > pz 5 - - - 22 108 102

115 e; - - - 20 95 185

206 ■£ -0 - - - 7 199 81

111 ct3 - - - 14 97 i>3

110 - - - 6 104 176 1

109 <-£ - - - 23 86 124

240 - - - 17 2*23 127

175 * 1 - - . 16 159 5>

239 S g - - - 40 >99 116

349 rf, C-uj " - 42 307 W3

206 'c W - - - 3> >75 105

240 c © i- c - - - ] 8 222 58

>5i 3 *-• - - - 16 >35 75

80 0 © p: a - - - 12 68 3»2

207 I- b ci CJ - - - 8 >99 11

181 bz 3 - - - 39 142 20S

313 b X> - - 21 292 58

125 1- - _ _ >4 111 iff 9

160 cL u r C - . _ 16 15° 60

>7 Z - - - 2 > 5 335

34 - " - - 34 176

6,189 - - - - 610 5,579 4*521

26,739 952 i;78 1,129 24,480 9,004

4>435 58 3 271 4>103 1,897

6,189 T r - 610* 5,579 4>52i

37,363 1,010 l8l 2,010 34, >6* 15,4*2

Appendix,

(No. 17.)

19° Decemb,

continued.

VOL. 59.

6.S

G. Hr.vUt,

L1 Gea1.

c le

526

Appendik

A. 1803-4

Appendix,

(No. 17.)

continued.

5* >«»

1804.

An ACCOUNT of the Men raiseil in England and Walf.s for the Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, since the commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the Number of the lame who haV5 engaged for General Service; and of the Number of Ballotted Men and Substitutes who have been enrolled for the said Amiv; as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Inspector General's Office, London, ill May 1804.

PERIODS. Number of Men Raised. Number Rejected, Diic barged, claimed by Civil Law, Scc. See. See. Dead. Number Deserted, claimed as Deserters from other Corps; Sec. Sec. Sec. Number Effective Men. j Number due, including the Casualties. Number Volunteered for General Service, included in the Effectives.

ift August - - 1803 - . 103 18 85; 33,795

ift September - — - >9,453 ' 212 2 1,473 17,766 , 16,029 —

lit October - — - 5,168 2 60 36 M3* 3.740; 12,289 1,747

ift November - — - 2,117 37+ 74 371 1,-98 10.991 2,014

ill December - — - 1.496 172 84 *59 981 10,010 2,747

lit January - - 1804 - - 956 101 83 181 591 9*19 706

ift February - — - 647 111 81 186 269 9, *50 2 35

ill Maich - — - 7°7 205 e? 147 288 8,862 565

ill April - - — - 673 82 58 *45 288 8,574 348

ift May - 438 235 45 105 53 8,521 874

Total - 31.758 i>75* 530 4.117 *5,359 8,521 9,236

Number of Ballotted Men 2.531 — 2 58 - - 2,2-3

Number of Substitutes - 29.227 ’ * - 6,141 23,086 1 ~

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men raised in North BRrfAiN for The Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, since the commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the Number of the fame who have engaged for General Service.; and of the Number of Ballotted Men and Substitutes who have been enrolled for the said Army; as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Inspector General's Office, ill May 1804.

PERIODS. Number of Men Raised. Number Rejected, Discharged, claimed by Civil Law, &c. See. See. Dead. Number Deserted, claimed as Deserters from other Corps; Sec. iVc. Number of Effective Men. Number due, including Casualties. 1 4 1 * I Number Volunteered for General Service, included in the Effectives*

ift August - - 1803 _ . .

ill September - — - - 2,984 8 1 101 2,874 3,126 —

lit October - 999 4 1 77 917 2,209 i—

ift November - —=• - - 359 3 1 53 302 1,907 —

lit December - — - - *227 5* 1 3* 142 1,765 —

1 ft January - - 1804 - - 252 2 20 218 1,547 —

ift February - — - - *15 7 - 21 187 1,360 482

ill March - *34 H 2 *5 »93 1,167 371

ill April v - _ - - 193 53 3 25 112 1,055 56

ill May - - 74 8 - 10 56 999 63

Total - - 5,537 161 11 364 5,001 999 97*

Numher Ballotted 294 m m — i I 286

Number Substitutes * 5,-43 - * - 528 4>7,5

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men raised in Ireland for The Royal Army of Reserve, in each Month, since the commencement of the Act passed for that purpose; of the Number of the fame wdio have engaged for General Service; and of the Number of Ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Recruits, enlisted for and serving in the said Army; as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Inspector Generals Office, London, ift May 1804.

N umber Number Number due, including the Casuals, fn rjA niu/lp Number

Number of Rejected, Deserted, Number of Volunteered for

PERIODS. Men Discharged, claimed by Dead. claimed as Deserters from Effective General Service, included in

Raised. Civil Power, ' other Corps; | Men. IU Uv IIUIUU -ood. the Number of

Sec. Sec. See. Sec. Sec. Sec. j Effective Men.

Ill August - - 1803 . _ -- . 22* - - ___

ill September - - - 1,508 - - 1,486 8,5H —

lit October - — - - 2,241 *5 - 153 2,063 6,451 —

ill November — - - 1,367 . 3* - 200 1,135 5,316 i —

1st December - - - 1,099 37 - 140 922 4,394 —

lit January - - 1804 - - 658 19 1 176 462 3,93* —*

lit February - - - 497 20 - 1*7 360 3,57* 1,444

ill March - - - - 330 18 34 201 77 3,495 *4

lit April - - - 282 25 3 5* 202 3,*93 191

lit May - - " - - 2*5 *7 10 109 69 3,*4 i+o

Total - - 8,197 20$ 48 1,170 6,776 3,*4 1,799

i BaI!otted 1 ' 1 48

N. B. Number of Effective Men * - - - \ Substitutes - | 6,528

I Recruited ! ■206- ’

■ — ■-jR

jitized by t

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

527

RETU R N of the Numbers of Men raffed for the Royal Army of Reserve in Ireland, to 24th May 1804; with the Casualties of

Desertion; &ic.

COUNTIES. Total Number of Men raised. Casualties by Desertion, Ac. COUNTIES. Total Number of Men raised. Casualties by Desertion, Arc.

Antrim _ 968 35 Limerick, County - _ 235 7i

Armagh ' - - - - 272 37 Londonderry - 307 46

Carlow - - H5 38 Louth - - 289 72

Cavan - - - 209 43 Longford - - 203 27

Clare - - - - 82 12 Mayo - - - 495 83

Cork, City - - - - 264 43 Meath - - 279 103

Cork, County - - - 475 Monaghan - - 266 38

Donegal - - - 321 59 Queen's - - 185 26

, Dpwn - - - 427 39 Rofcoinmon - H5 30

Dublin, City - - - 288 59 Sligo - - 226 24

Dublin, County - - 198 37 Tipperary - - 206 Co

Fermanagh - - - - 198 13 Tyrone - - 349 42

Galway - - - 194 28 Waterford - - 183 46

Kerry - - - - 186 15 Westmeath - - 193 25

.Kildare - - - 176 53 Wexford - - *75 13

Kilkenny - - - 222 49 Wicklow - 135 6

King's - - - - 267 41

Leitrim - - - 152 2 6 Total - - 8,^7 1.437

Limerick, City * 152 *7

N. B. —The Casualties of the.ad Battalions of the 44th and th Regiments, and the ad Reserve, not known on this Establishmeijt.

Ja1 Taylor,- Col.

D. Q. G.

Append!*, (No. 17.)

continued.

<■-----

, 50 Julii,

1804.

IRELAND.-----TWENTY-NINTH REPORT of the COMMISSIONERS of ACCOUNT. Appendix,

----- (No. 18.)

SINCE the twenty-nmtb day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, the date of the laftJReport delivered to the Chief g° Februarii. Governor, and to each House of the Imperial Parliament, the Commissioners have examined, and passed, the following Accounts: V .--v ■

1.—Dublin Society.—An ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by virtue of an Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, by the Dublin Society; for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Received Amount of Parliamentary Grants

From Commissioners oFVVide Streets -

From Mr. Weftly -

From Doctor Wade ——

Amount of Members Subscriptions -

From Members, for Books -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE;

£• d.

9,699 5 tx 14m 3

9 2 —

19 16 11 1,910 6 — 10 13 11}

11,090 16 —£

■ 1

£. «. d.

Balance of lad Account in favour of Accountants -

Expended under the Head of Agriculture and Planting -

Manufactures and Fine Arts - * -

Contingencies -

Total Discharge

2,908 13 3

1,156 11 9$ 441 3 ll

9,822 8 6$

13,628 17 2J

Deduct the Charge

11,090 16 —}

1 Balance in favour of Accountants

9,538 1 2

This Account is fairly dated, and supported by proper Vouchers, and the Depositions of General Vallancey, Vice-President, and the Revd Doctor Lylter, Secretary to the Society; who add, that the Funds of this Society confidently dec reefed, as many Arrears^f, Subscriptions are considered as irrecoverable.

DUBLIN SOCIETY'S ENG AG EME NTS, for One Year, on the 5 th day of January 1803:

£ /. d.

Amount due to the Treasurer on this date -

Balance due to Tradesmeu for N ew Buildings - - - . - - - - . -

Engagements for One Year on account of Agriculture and Planting ——

Ditto - - - Ditto ----- Fine Arts ——

Arrears and Amount of Rent for current Year, due to Commissioners of Wide Streets -Average Amount due for One Year for Salaries, other Rents, Contingencies, Taxes, Stationary Bills, Ac. Ac. ——

Average Amount for One Year, thfit may be demanded for Stotistical Surveys, printing of Ditto, Ac. Ac. Ac. -

9,538 1

4,372 12 9 1,988 10 —

160-----

1,284 13 6

4,099 9 —

300 — —

Society's Engagementi, for One Year, on the 5th day of January 1803

t

H.673 4

5

Appendix,

(Nr. 18.)

30 tebruariiy continued.

528

Appendix. ^4. 1803-4.

----- y -

2.—Com\rr.RciAL Buildings Company.—The ACCOUNT of the Commercial Buildings Company of Dublin, of the Apj lication of the Sums of Money received by them, under several Acts of Parliament, paded in relation to laid Company, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January, 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, on Account of Interest due to sundry Persons, and uncalled for, up to the 5th day of January 1802, as per last Account -

Balance in the Hands of thcTrealuier, on Account of Duties, as per last Account -Received from the Lords of the Treasury, on Account of Duties chargeable on Entries at the Custom-lloul'e, within the Period of this Account -

Total Charge -THE DISCHARGE: ,

Paid Fees at the Treasury -

For two Imprest Certificates of Receipts from the Treasury, for two last furnished Accounts -Interest on the Debt of this Company, Twelve thousand Pounds, within the period of this 1 Part of the Principal of laid Debt within the period of this Account -

This Account is properly dated and vouched.

£■ *. d.

284 5 —

132 lo ---

1,001 4 74

MiS — 5l

£■ *• d.

- 182

- 4 11 —

unt 830 5 —

- 4°°

£■ 1.236 4 2

18116

£■ 1.418 — 54


Jw—New Law Courts and Offices.—The ACC OUNT of James Gandon, Architect, for Money granted by Parliament out of the General Fund of the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, towards building and linishing the new Law Court* and Offices on the Inns Quay, Dublin, from the 1 ith day of February 1797 to the 30th day of October 1802.

TH E C IIARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Publ ic -

Net Amount received by Parliamentary Grants within the period of this Account -

1,004 9 of

!7j4oo-----

Total Charge

~£-

18,464 9

9i

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid on Acount of Carpenters Work ——

----- Masons Work -

----- Stone Work, &c. ——

----- Slaters Work -

----- Plumbers Work ——

----- Stucco Work -

----- Paving -

----- Ironmongery and Smiths Work -

----- Carving, &c. ——

----- Painting and Glazing ——

----- Pump Work ——

----- Pilch and Tar - -

----- Tin Work ——

.......digging ......

----- Ground taken for New Offices ——

For drawing Articles, &c. for Sale of laid Ground

Sundry Watchmen, Gatekeepers, and Labourers -

Incidental Expences -

Salaries ——

Paid James Gandon, Architect, on account of his CommiiUon for planning, superintending, and conducing the Bufmefg ——

Total Discharge m - -

Balance in the Architect’s Hands - -

• The Charge as above - - - £.

£ s. d.

4*515-----

4,650 :-----

3,502 6 io|

418 9 6

1,100 12 3j

7°4 H 4i 114 6 —

481 18 2f 40 19 —

320 15

3 13 —

3 19

7 n >4 93 >5 6 341 5 —

2 1 IO

599 4 Jo

26 13 9.J-

660 —

866 7 8i

18,453 13 9

10 16 — J

18,464 9 9J

STATE of the above BALANCE; Viz. Short Debit in Accountant's Balance -

An Insuper on last Account, being an Overcharge for Labourers Imprest fee on this Account (no such Fee being now charged)

£■ *• . -----h

— 16 — 10-----

Balance as above

IO l6 —j

This Account is fairly stated, and properly vouched.—Mr. Gandon was examined upon Oath, and declared, That full Credit is given for all Sums received, and all the Payments fairly made without Fee or Deduction whatever; and that the Account is jult and true.

a__House of Industry.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the House of Industry, from the lft day of January

1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE;

Balance of last Account in favour of the PuLJic - - - , -

Received Parliamentary Grant of Session one thousand eight hundred and one -

- - a SuLtcription ——

- - a Donation - - "

- - Net Income from External Resources - - * -

- - Net Ditto from Internal Pteiources -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Provisions ——

Coals, Candles, Soap, and Lamp Oil -

Cloaihing, &c. ——

Beds and Bedding -

Carried forward

£ s. d.

649 18

- 16,031 — —

2 5 6

n / 6

- 173 5 - h

1,218 18 10

£■ 18,086 J5

£■ d.

8,859 12 11

799 15 9

267 9 8

341 1 4

£■ 10,267 19 8

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

520

£ss=.

4.— House of Industry—continued.

The Discharge—continued.

Brought forward

Infirmary Expences -

Burmi Expences - -

Kent and Taxes -

Building and Repairs -

Furniture and Utensils -

Officers Salaries - -

Beadles Salaries and Expences, Horse and Cart

Menial Offices -

Stationary, Printing, Advertising, &c. - . -Contingent Expences -Materials and Implements for Labour -Premiums to the Poor employed at Manufactures Percentage to Mailer of the Works, Salaries, &c.

Total Discharge - -Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above - - - £.

- 10,267 19 8

• 593 H 5

3fi5 13 5

•25217 9

1,659 7 10J

- 462 10 4

1,439 »5 6

295 6 2J

155 5 2

- 171 12 11

171 19 6

294 7 9

- 716 8 6

5^1 t6 4§

£ 17,368 15 4i

717 19 10

£■ 18,086 15 2j

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

3® Februa

continued.

This Account is accurately dated and vouched. Two Governors were examined on Oath, who declare, that it is just and true in every particular, and that the utrnoft attention and economy is used in all Expenditures. The Institution appears well attended to in every respect; the Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, charged for Building and Repairs, includes the Expence of building forty-eight new Cells for Lunatics, as well as the usual Annual Repairs;

House of Industry, 5th January 1802.

Admitted in Year ending 5th January 1802. Compelled. Total. . Discharged. Eloped. Died. Total.

Men - *,717- ... -»,7i7 Men- — 1,410 3 355 1,768

jRoys +35 - 435 Boys - 319 - 169 488

Women - 3,341 - 3,341 Women - 3,259 5 617 3,881

Girls - 496 - +96 Girls- - 303 - H9 452

5,939 186 6,173 5,291 & 1,29* 6,589

Ip the House, 5th January 1801 -

Men - - - - -

Women - - 1,189

Children - - - * 270

Total - - 1,739

\ .—-

In the House, 5th January 1802.

Men

Women

Children

tio

828

287

Total --- ,325

5.—Hibernian Marine Society.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Hibernian Marine Society, from the ill

day of January 1801 to the 5th d-y of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance, being the Net Capital on the 31ft day of December 1800 -

Received from His Majesty’s Treasury ——

One Year's Dividend on Bank Stock ——

From Wm Burton, Esquire, One Year's Interest on his and John Hyde, Esqre'i, Bond for One thousand Two hundred Pounds, bequeathed to the Society by the late Mr. Henry Waddell -From Ditto, on account of an Arrear of Interest on said Bond -

Interest on Debentures ——

A Legacy -

By Profit on Government Debentures -

Rents -

From the Commissioners of the Lottery, for Attendance of the Boya Colledions in the Chapel - * - -

Subscriptions ——

Total Charge - - - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

£■ s. d.

5,984 8 9k

1,940 —* —

301 —

72 — —

270 1 7

22 10 —

500 — —

39 13 4

49 16 6J

22 15 —

*9 — 71

101 11 7k

9.32217 5$

Paid Provisions -

Cloathing -

Furniture and Repairs Coals, Soap, and Candles -Rent -

Books, Stationary, &c.

Outfit of Boys -Medicines -Incidental Charges -Salaries, Wages, and Allowances

The Charge as above

& - * 905 5 —i 300 7 3 17a 17 if. 95 »2 8

90-----

58 11 6 80 — 8£

15 12 lj

S7 " 9i

302 6 9

£■ 2,078 4 iii

’ - 7,244 12 6

£■ 9,322 17 sl

Vet. 59.

Thi» Account is just and true, and Supported by Vouchers, and the Depositions on Oatji of the Register.

T

STAT*

530

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix*

(No. 18.)

3° Februarii,

continued*

5.—Hibernian Marine Society—continued.

STATE OF THE BALANCE Bank Stock - •

Government Ditto ——

William Burton and John Hyde, Esquires, joint Bond for -

Cash in the Remitter's Hands the 5th day of January 1802

Net Capital - - - £. Add Disallow&nce on a former Account - * - -

Balance, as above - - - £.

£. s.

4,300-----

700 — — 1,200 — 1,031 7 7

7/*3i 7 7 13 4 U

7,244 12 6

A RETURN of the Boys in the Hibernian Marine Nursery, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January' 1802.

In the Nursery the 5 th day of January 1801 Admitted, to the 5th day of January 1802

Boys.

97

66

163

Apprenticed

Sent on board the Navy Eloped

Died -Discharged -

18

6

7

1

1

In the Nursery the 5th day of January 1802

33

130

—Port and Harbour of Drogheda.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda; from the 5 th day of January 1802 to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE: Balance of lad Account in the Hands of the Treasurer -Received from the Collector of Drogheda * -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid fnndry Bills produced with latt Account, but returned by Order of Commissioners of Account, being paid since the 5th of January 1802, and now taken credit for, for Salaries, Materials, Labour, Ac. -

Fundry Incidental Expences ——

Total Discharge - -Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above -

Balance in favour of the Public brought down - * - -

To which mutt be added, vis.

Sundry Overcharges in Accountants Pay Book, for Labourers, Ac. amounting to -

£• #* 130 12 1,000 —

d.

6

i,‘i30 12 6

£. s. d.

68 8 5}

997 12 11

1,066 1 4J

11 i{

1 18 3

7Tie Balance in favour of the Public then appears to be -

But from which mutt be deduded, viz.

Sundry Sums omitted to be taken Credit for in Account, as per Pay-book, for Carpenters, Boatmen, &c. amounting to

The true Balance in favour of the Public, then is

66 9 4f 2 18 6|

63 10 94

This Account is properly dated and vouched.—The Incidental Expences were principally Disbursements by Mr. Magill, the Engineer; who was examined upon Oath, and declared that they are just and true in every particular, and fairly stated.

7.—Lying-in Hospital.—The General ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Lying-in Hospital, for One Year, ending the

5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of latt Account in favour of the Public Received by Colledions in the Chapel

Produce of Annual Charity Sermon -

Pew Money ......

Produce of Garden Music -From sundry Persons for erecting and supporting Beds in the Hospital * - -

On Account of Tax on private Sedan Chairs -Rutland-square Tax ...

Rotunda and Rooms -

Benefactions and Interest of Legacy Produce of Card Assemblies

Ditto of Promenades - -

Ditto of Masquerade -Rents ....

Received from Mr. Aftley, pursuant to his Patent Profit on Guineas fold -

For Grass of the Garden

From Doctor Kelly, for a Female Pupil interest on Debentures - -

For Wine Warrants -

Total Charge

I THE DISCHARGE: £. s.

»o 9$ I Paid Expences of the Chapel - 252 10 3

5 4? Gardens ----- 77

17 6 Rotunda'and Rooms 484 15 6

10 4$ Chair Tax ----- 11 8 3

19 4J Rutland-square Ditto -Hospital Establishment and Expences - 3°9 1 9 2,188 — si 319 2 1$

—. — Assemblies -

18 6 1 Promenades 107 — 5

>5 9i 16 8 ! Masquerade - - -! Paid sundry Persons interest on Debentures, within 193 6 8i

17 9 6 9i >5 Hi 16 6 19 6 17 11 5 6 the Period of this Account - 43* / 1/

... _ Total Discharge - - £. 4,380 7 —

12 6 Balance in favour of the Public - - - 9 >9 9l

6 9§ The Charge as above - - £. 4,390 6 0}

This Account is properly statedand vouched, and supported by the Depositions on Oath of a Governor, the Housekeeper, and Register, who declared it is just and true in evexy particulars This useful Institution appears well attended to, but the I unds are on the decline.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

531

7.—Lying-in Hospital—continued. Appendix. (No. 18.)

An Account of Arrears outdanding, and unpaid, due by the Governors and Guardians of the LyIng-in Hospital, on the 5th day of January 1803. Debenture Intered due the 25th day of December 1802 ----- £• & 26 — — 3* F,' continued. \

BUI due Mr. Williams, Olals Manufacturer - . - - ----- An Account of Arrears due to the Governor* and Guardians of the Lyi*g-ik Hospital, on the 5th day of January 1803. Arrefcr of Bed Money - -- -- -- -- - Ditto of Chair Tax «, - Ditto of Rutland-square Tax - - - - 562 10 — i93 35 16 4

Total Arrears - - 79» $

LYING-IN HOSPITAL.

Patients.

Admitted, from the 5th day of January 180a to the 5th day of January 1803 - * * a,008

Discharged within the like period - -- -- 1,911

Remaining in the Hospital on the $th day of January 1803 - 58

t—SmaiKTSHittVT Magistrate^-Ao ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Disbursements of Alderman William ALEXANireit,

Superintendent Magistrate, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Aecount in favour of the Public -

Received Net Amount of House-Tax, collected to the 5 th day of January 1803 Ditto, of Carriage-Tax licences, and Penalties -

Received from Divisional Magistrates ——

- - from Register of Carriages, for Licences to Pawnbrokers, Publicans, &c

• - from ditto, for Certificates to ditto ......

• - from ditto, Fines on Watch-Const ables and Watchmen - a Forfeiture, part of a Note of One Hundred Pounds ftolem from a Quaker, who refilled to

prosecute - - , -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Rents and Taxes ——

Tradesmens Bills ——

Incidents - - - ... -

Watch-Constables and Watchmen ——

Watch-Coats, and Hats - -

Stationary, Printing, Account-Books, and Hue and Cry -

Advertisements

Law Business -

Coals and Candles -

Salaries - - . -

O. Carleton, High Condable, the Amount of Fines on Watch-Constables and Watchmen, in the Charge-part of this Account ——

Total Discharge - - - £.

Deduct the Charge -

v Balance in favour of Accountant - £.

To which add; viz.

Short Credit taken in Account paid to the proprietor of the Freeman's Journal for advertizing -

t

From which dedud; viz.

Overcast in Voucher, N° 1. under the head of Law-Business -

£• 1. d.

51 — 11

9»56» 7 6

4.719 18 10

79 2 —

5.649 18 2

*47 2 4

tt66 H 7k

13 9

00,48a 18 1}

£• s. d.

674 6 71

*47 16 2

97 15 10

*.365 4 2

900 — —

967 12

54 7 11

1,021 728 11 4

10 9l

5r*6, 2 —

366 H 7i

The true Balance in favour of Accountant then

a»,393 * 30,480 18 5 *J

912 4 3i

IO 10 —

912 *4 3l

IO 5

M -

X. «. d.

90a 9 2

This Account is properly and correctly dated, supported by sufficient Receipts and Vouchers, and by the Evidence of the Superintendent Klagidrate, the Chief Condable, and the Secretary. The Lord Mayor of Dublin has inspected the Constables and Watch, and reports veiy favourably on their order, appointment, and sufficiency.

Under the head of Law-Charges are contained the Bills of Cods of the Law Agent, who is also Secretary to the Superintendent Magistrate*

We have now been induced to allow the Charges under this head, as any disallowances made in it mud fall 011 the Superintendent Magistrate, who has actually paid the amount of the Bills, and who thought himself authorized to do so, as the Charges had formerly been acquiesced in, and the Bills were produced to him, taxed by the proper Officers.

We have here to observe, that for want of a sufficient check before the Taxing Officers (as no person appears on the part of the Public at, the Taxation of Bills of Colts, as is usual between Agent and Client) the Bills of Cods of Accountants appear to us extremely expense, and not proportionally beneficial to the Public. In the present instance, a double inconvenience has ensued, as the Superintendent Magistrate has declared, that the heavy expence incurred in his Law Proceedings has prevented him from indituting Profixutlous which he thought would have been useful to the Police of the City.

532

Appendix*

A. 1804.

Appendix,

9.—Westmorland Lock Hospital.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors or Directors of The Westmorland Lock Hospital, (No. 18. / from the 5th day of January 180a to the 5th day of January 1803.

3* Februariiy

continued.

V.

THE CHARGE:

Received from His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Expences of the Westmorland Lock Hospital

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of Accountants -Paid Salaries - - - - * " - -

Provisions Medicine, &c.

I'iring, &c. . - " * "

Furniture ——

Repairs - -

Beds and Bedding -Contingencies -

Total Discharge Dedud the Charge

Balance in favour of Accountants

£. £. s. 5,6j8 10 24

5,65* 10 24

£■ «* d-

1,150 16 yj

1,025

4°9 9 54

450 17 94

200 — 11

389 10 94

44- 4 5

535 13 2

-£■ 7.026 3 5f

~ . 5.658 10 24

-£■ 1.367 13 34

This Account is accurately dated and vouched; the Regider and Secretary was examined on Oath, who depefed, that he keeps the Accounts, and in general, superintends the Expenditures, which are always made to the bed advantage for the Public.— Subjoined is a Statement of the Patients:

RETURN of Patients Admittki, Discharged, Died, &c. &c. between the 5th day of January 1802 and the 5th day of January 180$.

Admitted. Discharged Cured. Ditto. Irregular. Died. Ex terns. Remained under cure the 5th day of January, 1803.

1,806. *,7»3- 35- 39- 3.546. 262.

William Roberts,

Steward of the Wedmorland Lock Hospital.

10.—Corporation por Discountenancing Vice, &c.—The AC COUNT of the Corporation for Discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Christian Religion, from the 5th day of January 1802 to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public ——

Received Subscriptions ——

- - - Donations ——

- - - For Tracts fold - - . -

- - - Parliamentary Grant of Scdion 1802 ——

£■ .*■ d. 327 3 10 300 17

IO-----

20 10 6

675-----

Total Charge

L333 n Si

THE DISCHARGE; Paid Salaries and Allowances ——

Books, Premiums, Printing, and Stationary - -

Incidental Expences - - V

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -

£. s. d.

92 9 6|

726 3 10

• 32 19 4

-£■ 851 12

- 481 19 —

-£■ 1*333 8.1

This Account is accurately dated, and suppoxted by Vouchers, and the depositions on Oath of the Deputy Treasurer and Receiver.

11.—Wide Streets:—King's Letter.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners fyr making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the head of " King’s Letter/' for the line from Drogheda-street to the New Custom House; lor One Year, to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public -

Received Rents ——

- - - for old Materials fold - - ? - - - -,

Total Charge -

£• *• d.

380 4 7i

744 13 6 170 18 9

1 *-95

Fa id Rent* -

interest on outftauding Certificates

THE DISCHARGE: £■ s. d.

114 2 0

949 H 0

Total Discharge - - £ •1,063 17

Balance in favour of the Public - - 231 in ] 0 h

The Q barge, as above - * £ L*95 16

533

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

12.—Wide Streets :—Coal Duties.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of u Dame Street, or Coal Dutiesfor One Year, to the 5th day of January 1803.

" ' . .. - f — —

T H E CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account »n favour of the Public -

Received from His Majesty s Treasury, Coal Duty, as per Auditor General's Certificates

- - - Rents ——

- - - for old Materials fold, and Lots let -

Total Charge

' THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Interest -

Purclmfc of Concerns, Valuations, See. Salaries ——

Rent -

Law Expences -

Contingencies ——

Total Di fell urge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£■ s.

- 3.28-2 17 5

- 10,808 17 3

50 13 10

i,85 15 2

• £ •15,999 3 8

£ s. d.

7,482 l 2

4.519 18 1

285 — —

63 5 1

2,053 4 9h

999 12 5

£■ i5,4°3 1

~ 595 2

£■ 15*999 3 8

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

3° Feb-na

continued.

\-----'

13.—Wide Streets:—Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of " Avenues from Carlifie Bridge, South of the M River f for One Year, to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public - - -

Received from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, being Proceeds of Club and Card Licence l ax, for the year, to the 24th day of June 1802 -

- - - for old Materials fold -

- - - Rents: Purchase of reserved Rents, sundry Deposits, &c. ——

- - from Rank of Ireland, on Commissioners Notes - - - * -

* . - from Right honourable David La 'louche and Co. being so much funded with them to Interest

on Certificates ordered to be itliied to l’undry Persons for their reipeclive Interests in Weft-morland-street, which Certificates have not been issued, and therefore laid interest is now recalled by Order of the Board ——

1 Total Charge - £.

£■ s. d.

00 12 4

U274 1 5

402 6 6

14,280 14 4

27,000

95 3 4

44.239 17 11

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Rents -

Purchase of Concerns, &c. -

Thomas Sherrard, One Year's additional Salary as Clerk to the Board Contingency ——

Loan and Interest

£. s. d. 3.°52 3 8

10,197 15 2

150-----

100-----

28,046 15 5

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

4L546 H 3

2,693 3 8

The Charge, as above

- L

44,239 17 11

These Three Accounts are supported by sufficient Vouchers, and the Depositions of the Treasurer, Secretary, and Law Agent. With respect to the Law Charges, we beg leave to refer to the general Observations made upon that head in the Account of the Superintendent Magistrate.

Circular Road, near Dublin; for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public

Received Amount of Donations and Subscriptions -

- - Parliamentary Grant, net -

- - Amount of Collection at Charity Sermon

Produce of Work done by the Children Ditto - of Paintings done by Ladies - Ditto - of Onions, &c. fold -

Interest on Debentures -

£. s. d. 1,250 10 —i

609 13 3

484 12 11A 866 2 8|

194 2 11$

2 14 81

266

37 10 —

Total Charge

- £■ 3.447 13 jI

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Provisions -

Cloathing - -

Furniture and Repairs

Wages and Allowances

Books, Stationary, Printing, See.

Rent -

Coals, Candles, Soap, See.

Incidental Expences

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

•HAN House, on the

' £■ s. d.

- 954 8 4f

- 252 18 5£

- 75 19 2*

- 79 12 10

- 23 7 7i

- 30

- 73 4 11

* 48 1 5

£ 1,547 12 11

■ 1,900 — 2 i

£■ 3,447 <3 if

Vol. 59.

6 U

D. ized by v

534

Appendix

A. 1804-

Appendix,

(No. IS.)

14.—Female Orphan House—continued.

■S- — — ...... »----- — . \

30 Februarii,

continued.

STATE of the BALANCE: In the hands of the Treasurer -

Ditto - - of the Remitter -

Ten Dehentilres -

£■ s. j.

8bo 15 8

162 18 4i

876 6 a

£■ 1,900 —

This Account is just and true in Charge and Discharge; the Money granted to the Institution seems to have been expended to adV intage. It has been deposed, That the Children are so well educated, that there are more demands on the Institution for Apprentices than the numbers the House can contain will enable it to furnish.

Children in the Female Oqthan House on 5th January 1801 - 110

Admitted in the year ended on 5 th January 1802 - -- 10

Total Number - - 120

Disposed of in the year ended 5 th January 1802 * — — 10

Remained in the House the 5th day of January 1802 - - 110

Richd Malms, Register and Accountant.

15.—Roman Catholic College.—The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic College, pursuant to an Act passed in the 35th year of llis present Majesty's Reign, intituled,4‘ An Act for the better Education of Persons professing the Popilhor " Roman Catholic Religion;" for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE: £■ *■ d-

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public 1,095 8 4f

Received from His Majesty's Treasury - 7,760

- - Admillion-Money of Scholars •118 8 —

• - Interest on Five Debentures - - - 25

- - for Fat, Kitchen-fluff, Hides, and Skins -

Total Charge - £. 1 9.533 2

THE DISCHARGE: Paid for Provillons - £■ 4.368 s. 18 d. si

Coals and Candles - - 264 7 3

Books and Stationary - - 192 3

Rent and Charges - - 78 4

Labourers, llorfe-hire, Manure, See. - - 319 19 4&

Furniture, &c. - - 260 i|

Repairs - - 254 16 4i

Salaries - * L74° 10 —

Sundry Servants Wages, &c. - - 217 15 7$

Valhing - - 69 7 3j

Pottage - - 7 11 5

Incidents - - M97 H

Total Discharge £■ 00 <0 00 0 »7 8*

Balance in favour of the Public - 552 14 10J

The Charge, as above - £■ 9,533 2 6|

The Balance in favour of the Public by the above Account is

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

_ — £■ 55a H d. loj

" - 1 10 10

is - £■ 554 5 00

This Account is true and just, supported by proper Receipts and Vouchers, as well as by the Depositions of Doctors Troy and Dunn, who declare they have received no Donations or Sums of Money whatever but such as have been accounted for.

16,—Incorporated Society for Protestant Schools.—The ACCOUNT of The Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland; from the 31ft day of December 1800 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public -

Received Parliamentary Grant of Section 1801

- - - Remittance from Melfrs. Puget and Bain-

bridge, being net Amount of Interest -

- - * Rent of Estates ——

- - - A Legacy -

- - - One Year’s Interest on the late Miss Ann

Keon’s Legacy of One Thousand Pounds

- - - One Year’s Interest on Sixty-one Government Debentures, being part of the English Donation Fund of Forty Thousand Pounds ——

* - - Amount of Subscriptions -

- - - Ditto of Profit on Children’s Labour

- - Rent of School-Lands, payable by the

Matters -

- - Amount of Fines levied on Musters for

Elopement of Children -

Carried forward - £.

£■ '• d.

3.+67 9 3l 19,138 14 4’

3.755 — 3 3A58 2 1 100-----

50-----

305-----

48 5 3

984 3 —i

569 >9 3 52 11 —

31.529 4 6

THE DISCHARGE: £■ f. d.

Paid Expences of Ardbraccan School . 671 — n

• - - 313 12 4

- - - 547 — 10

- - - 747 7 -1

- - - 384 2 ij

- - - 609 7 4

- - - 514 1 74

- - - 647 3 64

- - - 47 S 10 n

- - - 5‘29 10 10

- - - 626 16 14

- - - 1,648 15 11

----- Charleville - - - 748 3 *4

----- Cable Bland - - - - 228 9 9

----- Dunkerrin - - - 438 6 *4

- - - 445 16 a

- - - 508 16 8

- - - i>9‘25 18 74

----- Farm School - - 469 5

- - - 664 15 8

- - - 719 2 5

- - - - Kiliinane - - - 255 4 -1 / 2.

Carried forward - £■ 14^41 7 7i

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

535

16.—Incorporated Society for Protedant Schools—continued.

CHARGE:

Brought forward

Total Charge -

DISCHARGE:

Brought forward -Paid Expences of Innifcarra School -

----- liongtord -

- - - -' - Lough rea - -

----- Maynooth -

----- Monivea ——

----- Monastereven Nursery ----- Newmarket School

----- Newport -

...... ltofs ......

----- Ray -

...... -Sligo ......

----- Strungfotd - -

----- Shannon Grove -

----- St rad bally ——

----- Santry -

- - - - - Shannon Grove Nursery -

----- Trim School -

----- Waterford -

----- Rogerl’on Edate -

----- Sundry Schools, and Schools in

general -

----- Society's House -

Paid Annuitants -

Officers Salaries -

Law Agent -

Incidents -

Apprentice Fees, &c. -

Total Discharge - £.

Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above - £.

£- 5. d.

14,14* 7 l\

547 18 4

70 -2 *9 82

77*2 13 5 i

9 5 1

5H3 13 —

17 io£

405 1

482 14 —

582 — 9h

5*4 7 7

35 10 3f

408 13 8 '

605 1 4i

616 — io|

1,046 — 11

870 10 n

1,254 12

535 2 H

23 5 5

1,258 8 2

70 19 1

go — —

513 4 3

240 2 —

58 13 8

186 16 3i

29,61417 9i

L9H 6 H

3L5‘29 4 6

This Account is correctly Hated and vouched. The Secretary was examined upon Oath, and declared, Tha-t all Sums received we^p brought to Credit, and that the Account is jail and true in every particular, to the belt ol his knowledge and belief.

CHARTER SCHOOLS.

Number of Children in the Schools and Nurserie% on the 5th day of January 1801 Admitted within the year ending on the 5th day of January 1802 ■* -

Total

Apprenticed within fa;d period -

Given to their Parents, Died, Eloped, or otherwise disposed of - ,

Remained in the Schools and Nurseries on the 5 th day of January 1802

277

37

i, Sb4

Appendix; (NT.. 18.)

3* Februarii,

continued.

James Adamfoni Sec*.

17.—Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c.— An ACCOUNT of all Monies collected, received, and disbursed, by the Directors and Comrtiissioners for Paving, Clean ling, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; for One Year, ending the 5 th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public ——

Received on account of Paving ——

----- Cleauling ——

- Lighting ...... -

Received from His Majesty's Treasury -

- - from sundry inhabitants, towards the expence of watering different Streets -

- - Fines on Nuisances ——

- - from the Bank, for the Board's Draft on Henry Gore Sankey, Ffq. -

- - More - * the like ——

- - More - the like -

Total Charge

Paid Expences of Paving, &c. - C leaniing

THE DISCHARGE:

Lighting Corporation House Fountains

Sewers -

Watering Streets -Establishment Gratuities Incidents

Intered on Debentures

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£■ d

2,238 4 —i

11,549 15 3

2,322 14 10

- 7.942 17 3l

9*129 12 10

* 4 9h

55 7

- 800

- 1,000

1,000

£■ 36,123 17 —

£■ *• d.

6,0*28 4 4

4.299 5 Hi

532 8 2j

362 14 1

- 125 19 1

- 169 5 a

3,694 15 —

1,883 8 8

4,016 7 2§

£ 33,934 8

2,189 8 5i

£■ 36,123 17 —

We have reported fully on the Account of the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin^ in our lad Report. We have now no realons for changing the Opinions therein expressed, nor ha^e we any new or additional Observations to make; we beg leave, therefore, to refer, to our lad Report, as equally applicable to the present Account, which is accurate,in Vouchers, and supported by the DepoUtion* of a Commissioner, and the Accountant of the Corporation.

536

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix;

(No. 18.)

3° Februariit

continued.

18.—Foundling Hospital.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Foundling Hospital in Dublin; for One Year, ending

the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Calli remaining on the 5th day of January 1802

Receipt of House Tax, and Arrears -

Rent of Estate and Arrears -

Received Parliamentary Grant of Session 1802 -

Incidental Receipts

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Provisions ——

- - Cloathing -

- - Manufactures ——

- - Repairs and Alterations of Buildings ——

* - Miscellaneous and House Expences ——

- - Salaries and Wages ——

* * Nursing Children ——

Total Discharge -Balance of Cadi remaining on the 5th day of January 180

The Charge, as above -

£. d.

- 3,6ia 1 9i

m 7,964 12 11

212 7 —

- 16,975

296 14 2

£■ 29,060 15 io£

£■ d.

5,i45 ia 9i

1,403 16 9j

1,978 15 5 J

3,05a 5 4i

- 2,310 19 8£

2,219 19 5l

8,143 11 6

£■ 24,255 1 1

3 - 4,805 14 9$

£■ 29,060 15 lof

This Account is true and correct, In Charge and Discharge; supported by proper Vouchers, and by the evidence of a Governor, the Auditor, and Register of the Corporation.

The repairs of the House, and the new Buildings which are now in progress, will considerably extend the benefits of this Charity, both by taking Children earlier from the Country Nuries for education, and by nursing a greater proportion of Infants in the House. The Charges of One hundred and Twenty Pounds for a Map, and of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds to Mr. Hendrick, are in order to ascertain, from aduil survey, the Boundaries within which the Institution is entitled to receive Taxes by the late Act of Parliament, and in furtherance of a new enumeration and valuation of Houses subject to Tax, which is now in progress, and promises to be highly beneficial to the Funds of the Institution, which appear to be in a date of progressive improvement, and to be managed with great order, care, and economy.

STATE of the FUN D S, on the 5th day of January 1803.

, D E BT, on the 5th day of January 1802; viz.

Balance of Estimate of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the former Governors, up to the 25th day of March 1795, remaining unpaid on the 5th day of January 1802 -

Amount of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the present Governors, which remained unpaid the 5th day of January 1802 -

Due to the Country Nurses up to said period - - * - m -

Add - - the Expence arising from the 5th day of January 1802 tb the 5th day of January 1803; Viz.

For Provisions

Cloathing ——

To Manufacturers, exclusive of the above Cloathing ' - -

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings -

Miscellaneous and House Expences -

Salaries and Wages for Officers and Servants - -

Salaries and Wages for Nurses in the House, and Masters and Mistresses in Schools and Fadories -

Nursing Children, per Estimate •«•--

£■ f. d.

5,108 7 3*

2,676 5 7

7 99 5 —

+,834 3 3

2,334 H 7$

1,15a 7 6i

1,067 11 11

10,127 17 6

Debt and Expence

Of which there is paid; vis.

For Provisions ——

Cloathing -

Manufactures ——

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings ——

Mifcellanenous and Iioule Expences -

Salaries and Wages -

Nursing Children -

Part of the Debt of the 25th day of March 1798, contracted by the former Governors.

Total Paid

The Debt therefore remaining unpaid on the 5th day of January 1803, is as follows; viz. -

- —

£• 1. d.

5iH5 12 9l

1,4^3 16 92

1,978 15 54

3’°5- 5 44

2,310 19 H

2,219 >9 si

8,143 11 6


low s; viz.

178

d.

5 -i

2,164 6 3

4.69515 —

7,038 6 3I

28,100 12 8J

35.138 19 —

24,255 I 1

10,883 17 11

44 Geo. IIL Appendix* 537

18.—Foundling Hospital—continued*.

For the Balance of the Estimate of Debts of the 25th day of March 1798, contracted by the former Governors, but not yet alcer-tamed by the Claimants ----- £■ d. »7» 5 £. s. d. X- d.

For Provisions - -- -- 1,160 9 —

Cloathing - - # - -• 247 2 4

Manufactures - - - 270 2 2 J

Repairs, and Alterations of Buildings - - 2,106 14 3

Miscellaneous and House Expences ----- 241 4 1

Salaries and Wages ——

Nursing Children, as per Estimate - 6,680 1 —

The Debt on the 5th day of January 1803, (as in p. 536) - 10,883 17 11 >

To answer which, there are depending the following Sums; viz.

Balance of F.ftimate of House-Tax und Arrears* depending on the 5th day of January 1803 ----- - 3,210 6 7

Amount of Rent of Ettate on Ditto ----- 72 17 6

Cash, Balance remaining in the Bank, on Ditto - 4,805 14 gj

Total Sums depending - - £■ 8,088 18 10 \

Balance against the Charity - - £■ 2,794 19 —

FOUNDLING

Infants in Nursery, 5th January 1802 - 53

Admitted to 5th January 1803 - - 1,697

Returned 99

1*849

DEPARTME NT.

Died ...... 561

Sent to nurse - - - - 1,163

Given to Parents - - - - 50

Drafted to the Hall 5

Remain in Nursery 5th January 1803 - 70

1,849

GROWN DEPARTMENT.

Children in the House the 5th day of January Died - * — - 11

1802 - - - - . - - 646 Apprenticed - - 18 d

Drafted from the Country ogg Eloped - 4

Returned, being for Health, Ac. - 33 Sent to the Country for Health - 39

Hired Nurses - - 2

Sent to House of Industry - - 1

Returned to Matters - - m a

Left the House * - 1

Given to Parents - - 1

Remain in the House — - 663

918 918

COUNTRY ACCOUNT.

Children in the Country the 5th day of

January 1802 (112 for Health) - 3,962 Sent to nurse during the Year - *1,163

Ditto to the Country for Health * 39

5,164

Returned from the Country - - *99

Ditto, being for Health - - - 29

Drafted ----- 239

Died and Buried abroad - - i»5°5

Returned Dead - - - - 19

Remain in the Country the 5th of January 1803 (112 for Health) * - -3»*273

5,164

A. Baillie, Regr*

19*—Coal Yards;-—Dublin.—The ACCOUNT of Edward Sanney, Esquire, Director of the Public Coal Yards of the City v of Dublin from the 5th day of January 1802 to the 5th day of January 1803.

#o r THE CHARGE: £■ d. £' A

3 3 s.

II Insuper on Account ending the 5th day of January 1802 ... *39 8 *h

■s8 h. <5 36 10 4

| 3 < £ The like for Purchase of Coals *»*--*. t 37» 11 2

C " mz 3 Value of Coals remaining unfold in both Yards, on the 5 th day of January *

J 1802 4,878 2

w Balance m 5>425 i4 9

Received from His Majest/g Treasury for the Purchase of Coals - * - - - 873 —

' Total Charge * * - £■ 6,298-12 9

Vol. 59. f

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

3* Febrmriii

continued.

ie

538

Appendix

A.1804

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

3* Februarii,

continued.

19.—Coal Y ards;—Dublin—continued.

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid into His Majesty’s Treasury, on Account of Coals fold ......

Ditto Money that remained in hand for the Purchase ot Coals -

Paid Advertizing ......

Tux

Sundry Payments

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as in p. 537

This Account is properly Rated and vouched.

£■ s.

i,78°

516 lO 11

2- 7f

361

39 7 2

£■ 2,341 4 10

- 3*957 7 * 1

C■ 6,298 12 9

STATE OF THE BALANCE. Insuper upon Account ending the 25th day of December 1793 -

Cacti in the Director’s hands -

Ditto, Balance of Money to purchase Coals -

£. s. d. 40 18 5

— — 11

Cacti -

Value of Two thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-four Tons one Barrel of Coals remaining unfold in both Yards, on the 5th day of January 1803 -

Balance, as above £.

139

s. d.

8 8£

40 19 4

3,776 19 io| 3,957 7 11

4

20.—Coal Yards ;—Cork.—The ACCOUNT of William Lumley, Esquire, Director of the Public Coal Yards of the City of

Cork; for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE: Balance of last Account in favour of the Public, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards ----- Cacti expended for Coals for the Supply of the Y"ards within the period of this Account - -- -- -Increase in Measure ----- Total Charge - - - Barrels. 3,263 221 4°5 \ X 9 1 1 x*- l*4 1 1 £. *. d. >,555 > H 63 10 9

3,89J£ ‘2 4 1,618 12

THE DISCHARGE: Cash received for Coals fold within the period of this Account Balance in the different \rards on the 5th day of January 1803 The Charge, as above Barrels. 3,89*1 1 9 0 x TJ 4 £. 1. d. 1,168 19 3 449 13 2

3,894 2 4 1,618 12 5

The CASH ACCOUNT of William Lumley, Esquire; for One YTear, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE: Cacti, Balance in the Hands of the Director on the 5th day of January 1802, towards the further Purchase of Coals for the Yards £. s. d. 811 18 11J

Amount of Coals fold out of the Public Yards, within the period of this Account - - - . - - . - Barrels. 3,89>i 1 9 2 Tf 4 1,168 19 3$

Total Charge - - - - 1,980 18 3

THE DISCHARGE:

Amount of Coals purchased for the Public Coal Y'ards, within the period

of this Account ......

Paid Salaries and Rents ......

Total Discharge -

Barrels.

IT

£■ d-

221

63 10

3H 7

377 18

9

7

4

Balance in the Hands of the Director on the 5th day of January 1803, towards the further Purchase of Coals for the \Tards -

1,602 19 11

The Charge, as above

1,980 18 3

This Account is properly dated and vouched, and supported by the Deposition on Oath of the Director.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

53.9

*" °", CI * - - —-

THE CHARGE:

Received Tonnage Duties - - For Ballast put into Ships -leaving Ballad into Ships - -

Ballall taken out of ditto - -

Ditto on Shore ——

Bv Eino» -

Licences -

Tonnage Dutirs -- Balbriggrii - Ditto —J)uil!o;uy ——

Ev Casual Receipts ——

Ground taken lor New Ballall J Office -----j

for 1 wo Rail.ill OiTice Debentures

Ballalt-Olhcc Old Duties - -

Quay-Walls, new Duties:

Received Tonnage - Duties on Vessels, Timlier, Staves, c\r. for Arr«* and Foot I/Ms on the North Hiui South hides of the Ui\er Liliey ——

£ s. d.

6,128 9 6

6,139 5 —

1,627 6 5

26 *7 4

180 —. —

20 c 9 7J

3 77 3 11 ,

01 18 2

65 5 11

59 —

200 — —

14,620 16 5

2,61418 3J

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of lull Account in favour of Accountants Raid Heaving Rallalt -

South Wall -

llarhour-Account, Moorings, Buoys, &c Ballast Lighters - - - . ‘

Eight-1 louse

Pt iiiioners and Charity

Printing, Stationary, &c. - - * -

Premiums and Howards -Bulbri; :‘jen Harbour -

New Hotel

Incidents and petty Expenses -luterell on Loan, and Discount -I louse-Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Coata

Salaries ......

Ballail put on Shore -Superannuated Pilot* -late Boat

Ground taken for new Ballad Office -New lkillalt Ollier

Expences of new Bullaft-Oilice Yard -

Rloek-1 louie

Quay-Walls

Total Charge - > - - 17.-2.i5 14 8J

Total Discharge -

Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge as above

2 io£

6

l

5 h 10 I

£ *® d.

342 1,663 17 170 1

169 15 4»7^7 4 598 18 77 9 213 18

314 10

60 3

5

3

5»53° 8 39^ H 1,229 8

147 18

56 —

140 — 8 60 4 8 I

, 118 9 8

22 15 —

10 11 3

6>7 9 5

n

8

3

4

f>

11

4

16,827 5 3 i

408 9 5

>7-235 14 8

This Account is propcily fiated and vouched, and fii|>port<-d by the r>cpr.f,tinn of the Ballast Master on Oath, who declared it

was jult and true in ever) piuticular.

Account Office, *4th December 1803.

R. T. Herbert. (l.s.)

Maurice Cane. (l. s.)

Redmond Barry. (l. s.)

Hulton King. (L. S.)

A LIST of ACCOUNTS Palled by the Com miff oners of Account of Irf.i.axd, mentioned in their Twenty-ninth Report,

dated the 24th day of December 1803.

4-

5.

6.

S.

9-

10.

11.

12. IJ-H* *5* 16.

*7-

18.

>9®

20.

21.

ACCOUNT of the

Dublin Society, to 5th January 1803 -

(’oinmereial 1 >11 debugs (ompany, to the 5th of January 1803 New Law Courts and ()ttice». to the f»l! 1 ol October 1802 -Governors of tla* I built- of Indulti v, to 5th January 1802 -Hibernian Marine Society, to 5th Jamiaiv 1802 Commissioners 1<»r Improving the Port and Harbour of Dro-:hfda, to 5th January 1803 -

Governors of tin* Ly.ng-In Holpilal, to .>lh January 1803 -Superintendent Muj.(irate, to 5R1 January 1803 Governors or Directors of the \Veltmorland Lock llofpitul, to 5th January 1803 -

Corporation for Discountcnaucing Vice, &c. to 5th January l S03

Commissioners of Wide Streets: Line from Dnodieda-street to lie* New C’ulloin-l louie, to 5th January 1803 -Coiainihionei s of W ide Streets, Coal Duties, to 5th January 1803 -

Ditto, Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River, to 5th January 1803 -

Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House, to 5th January 1802 -

Truliees of the Roman Catholic College, to 5th January 1803 - 7

Incorporated Society' for promoting Lnghlh Protestant Schools, to 5th January 1802 Directors and Commiiliotiers for Paving, &c. to 5th January

1803 ......

Governors of the Foundling Ilospital, to 5H1 January 1803 Director of the Public Coal Yards, Dublin, to 5th January

1803 ......

Director of the Public Coal Yards, Cork, to 5th January

1803 - ......

Ballast Office, Dublin, to the 5th of January 1802 -

Balances in the 1 lands of Accountants.

£■ s.

1S1

IO

7*7

7G44

63

9

481

231

595

2,693

1,900

554

>,9>+

2.189

4,805

16 3.1

id —

19 IO

12 6

10 9$

19 9 i

19 — 1910 j a 1 i

3 8 — 2j 5 81 6 81

8 5*

14 9l

3,957 7 11

449

408

13 2

9 5

Over-Expended by

Accountants.

£■ d-

2,538 1 s

9°2 9 2

1,367 13 31

Debts

of

Corporations.

£. t. d.

2,794 19 —

Appendix, (No. 18.)

3® Februar,

continued.

540

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 19.)

8* Feb r uar ii»

18 th YEAR.—The ANNUAL ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the I-

D' - - - 67 th Quarter. Old ANN* 3 P.-Ct. New ANN* 3-P.-CT. ANN* 1751, 3-P.-CT.

1803. 18th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. ] Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

Great Britain. Ireland. ( Imperial^ Feb. 3. ..Quarterly Issue - - - -Additional Grant 99 and 96 An* -£. l. per-Cent. on Loans - -a . ( On £.29,599,210 Confols Zli) On•£. 2,519,000 N.S.S. % £ " (On £. 630,000 An* 1751 £. 1. per-Cent. on Loans -.Diva 5 Jany 1803on^515.790 Conf. ~£. t per-Cent. on Loans - -Divd 5 Jan7 1803 on V " £. 361,649 Impi Ann- - J Stock bought - £■ *• *■ 250,000 50,000 13.720 3 7 6*5.5*5 >5 443,988 2 9 37.785 9,450 56,183 2 1 7,736 16 10 9,173 5 — 5,424 14 8 * 2,000 7° i 1*17 to — ' * 5,000 70 i 3,5o6 5-

4- - - Ditto - - . - — - - " — . - - - - " —

8. - - Ditto - - 1 —: - 2,000 70 i 1,407 10 -

9- - - Ditto - — 5,000 7° i 3,537 to - ( — - * - - —

lo. - - Ditto - - ' — — U ——

SI. - - Ditto - ~ 1,000 70* 7°3 *5 — - - , - . - —

15- - - Ditto - — - - * - , - - —

16. - - Ditto - 2,000 72 i 1,442 10 — , - - - — . - - - * —

*7- - - Ditto - — 1 - —

18. - - Ditto - * - - . - - —

22. - - Ditto - — 2,000 7» i M3* 10 — - - - —: ——

*5- - - Ditto - T- - - - " — ! - - - , - " —

Mar. 1. - - Ditto ——

2. - - Ditto - — - - " - - —

3* - - Ditto - " - — 3,000 7li 2,133 15 -

4- - - Ditto - — 14^000 71 i 10,062 10 — . - —

8. - - Ditto - — - * - - - . —

9. - - Ditto - - —

10. - - Ditto - " - —

11. - - Ditto - - * — - - - - 1 —

15- - Ditto - - - " —

16. - - Ditto - —

*7- - - Ditto - " —

18. - - Ditto - - -; —' - —

22. - - Ditto - — - - 1 * «* - t — ‘ ——

*3- - Ditto - - — 3,000 64 i 1,927 TO ——

4- - - Ditto - — - - , ——

*9* - - Ditto - — 3,000 64 i L927 IO — - - - " —

3°- - - Ditto ——

3i- - - Ditto - — - - —: " " ——

Apr. 1. - - Ditto - - — ~ - —

. - - Ditto - * - —

6. - - Ditto - - —

7* - - Ditto ——

>3* - - Ditto ——

H- - - Ditto - - - - > —

15- - - Ditto - — 5,000" 63 i 3,>56 5 - " —

*9- - - Ditto - — 2,000 65 i 1,305 - —

20. - - Ditto ——

21. - - Ditto - - - . - —

22. - - Ditto - - —

26. - - Ditto - — — m - . —

*7- - - Ditto - — - 1

28. - - Ditto - - —

, *9- - - Ditto ——

67th Quarter - £. J,498,987 — 5? 33,000 - 23,057 >0 — 6,000- - 3,855 10,000 - 1 7,°47 >• "

P

'4 Geo. III. Appendix. 541

__________ '__________ '

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

EDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, for the Year ending the 3 ifc January 1804. 8

?OUIt P.-Ct. ANN*. N CONSOLd 3-P.-CT. REDUCED 3-P.-CT. IMPERIAL 3.P.-CT. e.

CAPITAL Total

apital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. in all the STOCKS. CASH Paid.

40,000 71 28,400 — — 47,000 33,323 15 —

- - - - —. - - — 46,000 71 32,660 — 1,300 69 i 905 2 6 47.300 33,565 2 6

- - — 45,000 7i i 32,06210 - — 47,000 33470

- - 41,000 70 I 29,05815 — 1,300 69J 903 10 — 47,300 33499 15 —

- - 47,000 70 i 33,311 5 - — 47,000 33.311 5 —

- - - _. - - — 45*>o 70 J 31,725 — 1,300 69 i 900 5 — 47,300 33,329

- - 46,500 7>U 33,o86 5 - — 46,500 33,o86 5 —

- - 43,oooo 72 i 31,067 xo — 1,300 70 i 916 io — 46,300 33,426 10 —

- - - - - _ - — 46,550 7»H 33,446 11 3 - 46,550 33,446 11 3

- - - ., . - - . - — f 45,000 7i* 32,343 15 — 1,300 701 913 5 — 46,300 33,257

- - 44,020 7i $ 31,584 7 _ - 46*020 33,016 17 —

- - 45,000 72* 32,456 5 — 1,300 701 914 17 6 46,300 33,371 2 6

' - . ___ 22,500 71 i 16,031 5 — 24,000 7i * 17,19° - - - — 46,500 33,221 5 —

■, - - - 45,000 7i * 32,11315 — - — 1,300 701 911 12 6 46,300 33,030 7 6

1 ■r - — 44,000 71 i 31,350 - - - 1 — 47,000 33,483 15 —

1 '• - - , 31,000 7i * 22,126 5 — - - — 1,303 701 915 7 2 46,303 33,104 2 2

•- - - 48,000 691 33,4^0 - - — 48,000 33,420

- 51,000 62 } 63 32,042 IO — - - — 1,300 62 806 53,3o 32,848 ,10 —

- - - 51,500 64} 33,088 15,— - - - — 51,500 33,088 15 —

— t 50,500 H * 32,509 7 6 - - — 1,500 <53 i 950 12 6 53,oooo 33,460

- .— 52,500 63 * 33,271 17 6 - - - -y — . * 52,500 33,271 17 6

- - - 51,000 63 I 32,448 ,5 — - . - - — 1,500 621 941 5 — 52,500 33.390

- - 51,500 SHi 165 4 64 * 133,425 12 6 - - - — 51,500 33425 12 6

- - - — 50,500 32,383 2 6 - - — 1,500 63 i 950 12 6 52,000 33,333 15 —

• - - — 5i,5oo 64 3 33,346 5 - — 5L50O 33,346* 5 —

- - — 47,000 64 8 30,256 5 - 1,500 <53 i 952.10 — 5i,5oo 33436 5 —

- - - — 51-500 Hi 33,410 12 6 - - * - — 51,500 33,410 12 6

- ’ - — 48,500 Hi 31,221 17 6 - — 5L50O 33449 7 6

- - — 52,500 62 32,550 - - - — 1,500 920 12 6 54,000 3347° 12 6

* - - - — 53500 621 33,370 12 6 - - - * - — 53,500 33.37° 12 6

m _ _ _ 52,000 6*i 32,563 . — 1,500 611 9^6 5 — 53,5oo 33491 5 —

- - — 54,000 62 | 33,48° - 54,000 33,480

- * N. i L The Stock purchased 53>°oo 61* 32,661 5 — 1,414 61H 869 12 6 54,4H 33.530 17 6

* - - - — Ibis Quarter on account oi Ireland, amounts to /. 06,256. Conlold 54,000 61 33,210 - 54,000 33,210

- — £■ 3 l«‘fJ Ont. Ann% and is in- 54,000 61H 33,252 10 - — 54,000 33,252 10 —

- _ _ — eluded in the Tol Lai below stated. 53>8o° 6a* 33,826 15 - — 53,800 33,826 15 —

- _ — - - — 48,000 63 I 30,360 - 53,oooo 33,516 5 —

_ — - - — 49,000 65 i ti 32,008 15 — - - - -• 1 51,000 33,313 15 —

" _ — - - — 50,500 65 33,330 - - - - 50,500 33,330

- _ _ — - - ■— 50,000 66 J 33,250 - 50,000 33,250

• * _ — - - — 51,000 «4* 33,086 5 - — 51,000 33,o86 5 —

_ _ — - - — 52,000 64* 33,345 - 52,000 33,345

- - _ — f - — 51,500 64 1 33,346 5 - — 5i,5oo 33,346 5 —

-- _ — - - •— 51,5°o 64*i 33,20s 15 - 5L500 33,208 15 —

- - ' 1 50,458 64* i 32,734 10 — - - - '— 50458 32,734 10 —

X - * 959,500 - - 6*24,416 176 11,226,828 826,012 3 3 22,117 - - 14.597 *9 8 2,257445 1,498,987 — 6

Vol. 59. Y

542

Appendix.

A. 1804. \

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

8° Februariit continued.

18th Y LA R—The Annual Account of the (

Dr - - - 68th Quarter OLD ANN* 3-P.-CT. r NEW AN Ns 3-P-Ct. ANN* 1751 3-P.-Cr. j

1803. iStli YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sum* Paid, j

Great Britain. '< Ireland. Imperial. -Quarterly I flue - - -- - D° - Additional Grant 09 and 96 An* -Unclaimed An* -Expired An* -Qr,jr prop" of A1 p>Cl on Loans ^3 f On £.29,342,375 Ked.A8 | ~ \ On £. 2,617,400 Four •) P.-C". -j M < v. On £. 3,112,000 Old S. S. ^Payment on An* 1777 -rQ'l* prop® of £. 1 p.-C*on Loans Dividend due 5th Apr11803 \ on £.607,625 Redd An* J "Qr,7propnof£.i P.-C1 on Loan £■ *■ 250,000 50,000 »3,7*o 3 71 28,710 2 — 20,440 18 7 615.515 15 6$ 440,135 12 — 52,348 46,680 12,500 56,183 * 1 91*4 7 6 9,*78 5 — •

May 3. By Stock Bought — 12,000 633 7,665 6,000 64 8 3,877 JO ——

4- - - Ditto - - - . - - — 1,000 64 640 ——

5- - - Ditto - . - - —

6. - - Ditto ——

10. - - Ditto --- — - *- ——

11. - - Ditto ——

12. - - Ditto - — 1,000 63 630 15,000 63 3 9,562 to ——

13‘ - - Ditto - — 2,000 63 E 1,272 10 - - —

18. - - Ditto - - — 3,500 59 2,065 - - — —

20. - - Ditto ——

v *4- - - Ditto - - - - - —

*5* - - Ditto - ' ——

26. - - Ditto - - - — 5,000 56 g 2,818 15 — 6,000 57 J 3,427 10 - —

V- - - Ditto ——

June 1, - - Ditto - - —

2. - - Ditto - — - - - — 8,500 58 h 4,972 10 - —

3- " - - Ditto - — 4,000 58 2,320 - , - - ‘ | 1

7‘ - - Ditto ——

8. - - Ditto - — 5>o°o 57 1 2,887 IO T - —

9* - - Ditto - - - — 5,000 58 i 2,912 10

lo. - - Ditto ——

H- - - Ditto - - _ - —

15* - - Ditto - - ! __ - - - - ' ! I ——

16, - - Ditto - - —

*7- - - Ditto ——

2i. - - Ditto ——

22. - - Ditto ——

23* - - Ditto ——

28. - - Ditto * - —

30- - - Ditto - . - - —

July 1. - - Ditto ——

5- - - Ditto - — - - . - -

0. - - Ditto - 10,000 5* \ 5,250 ——

7- - - Ditto - 9 - — - * ——

8. - - Ditto - — - ' . ——

12. - - Ditto ——

J3- - - , Ditto ——

>4- - - Ditto - — - - * - — - r - - —

*5* - - Ditto - - —

f 9. - - Ditto - . ——

20. - - Ditto . - - _ - * - —

21. - - Ditto - — r - — m —■ - - , ——

G2. - - Ditto ——

20. - - Ditto - . - - ——

0 *• - , - - Ditto - — - - Si 1 - - ► ——

' *8- j j - - Ditto - - i j. - - - -*

«9- - - Ditto ... — j - ;l ——

68th Quarter - - 1,604,531 0 3;• 39,000 - - 22,843 15 — 40,000 - - 24.5*5 — ;j 5.000 4 r 2.012 10 *"

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

543

for the Reduction of the National Debt —continued.

FOUR P.-Cr . ANN* CONSOI -D 3-P.-CT. R-EDUC1: D 3-P.-Ct. IMPERIAL 3-P.-CT,

Capital. Brice. Sums Paid Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. i Sums Paid. [

* The S took purchased this Quarter on account ot Ireland, amounts ! to £. 115,068 Reduced £. 3. p.-Cl |

1 Ans, and is included in the Total

1 below ttal I ted. 1 1

, _ •- - 35,°°° 6*4 22,400 — — - v - 1 1

- — - - — 52,500 63 e 33,271 17 6 600 6‘2 I 372 15 --

- — - - — 49,5oo 691 34,216 17 6 ——

- - 55,oooo 61 j 33.825 600 61§ 369 -7’ —

- — - - — 54,5oo 64 ii 34,235 12 6 ——

- - 54,000 62 33.885 600 61 i 37» 5 —

- — - - — 38,000 63 23,987 10 - —

- — 51,000 631 i 32,492 10 — 600 6*2 i 373 10 —

- - 54-500 53 8 31,814 7 6 600 57 34*

- - 57,500 58 i 33,781 5 — 600 57 £ 345

- — - - — 60,000 56 i 34,125 ——

- — - - - ■- — 60,000 56 i 33,900 600 - 55 s 330 15 —

- - — 25,000 57 j 14,31210 — 24,000 56 ■; 8 :i 13,575 — — - - r —

- - — 5^,5oo 57 29,16315 — 9,000 5«3 3 5,112 10 — 600 55 1 333 15 —

- — - - — 58,000 57 8 33,422 10 600 56 h 339 — —

- — - - — 50.500 57 2 29,226 17 6 ——

- - - — 54,000 58 s 31,387 10 — 700 56 3 398 2 6

- — - - — 50,000 57 I 33,925 ——

- - - — 54,000 57 I 31,252 10 — 700 56 g 396 7 6

- - — 54,000 57 8 31,117 10 ——

- - - — i 59,oooo 57 8 33,998 15 — 700 56 i 393 15 —

r - - - — . | 59.oooo 57 -1 33,777 10 — * - - —

• - — - - 60,000 56 a 33,640 700 54 3 382 7 6

- - 61,000 55 34,007 lO - —

- - . - — 59,5oo 56 33,766 5 — 700 55 1 386 15 —

- — . - - — 60,500 56 g 34,106 17 6 ——

- — - - 1 60,000 56 J 33,900 — — 700 551 386 15 —'—

- - 60,500 56 i 34,031 5 - —

- - - — 61,000 55 & 33,931 5 ——

y - . - - — - *- - - — 61,500 55 3 8 34,131 5 ~ - - j

V - - - — 61,000 54 i 33,397 i° — 800 53-i ' 4‘28 — —

r - - — 66.000 51 § 33,907 10 - —

- - - — 54,000 5* § £ 28,510 800 51 4*4

- - - — 63,000 54 *i 34-335 ——

- - - — 61,500 54 I 33.748 2 6 700 53 I 377 . * 6

- - — 63,000 54 u 34,098 15 - —

- - - — 61,500 54 f 33,67' 5 — 700 53 1 37* 15 —

- - — 63.000 54 1 34,008 15 - —

- - — -; - - — 61,500 1 54 2 33,671 5 — 800 53 1 4*9

« «• —. - - - — 62,500 54 I 34,002 10 —; - . ——

_ _ ! 63,000 53 3 33,941 5 —; Soo 5* t 4-2-2

- - — 10,000 53 1 1 5,35° ! 1 ! 53,oooo f54 1 54 I | 28,648 15 — j - - - - -*•

: - - - 1 63,000 > 53 S 33,862 10 -- 800 5* g 4*1

- - - — 63,500 53 i 34,'3i ' 5 - ’ — 1

- - - ". | 34,086 5 — 1 3-34* %y 'o y 33,756 13 9 800 51 0 415 — ~ i

- - — 67.000 5° 5 ——

• - - - — •22,623 -tii J 1 I: u*5P4 5 " ’ ! 4:V-°° 5- * * 22.464. 759 50 I S: j 373 5 — 1 —»—

- - — •75,133 - - 94-50013 — 0,352,242 i 1,450,556 3 ! 1. 16.539 i 1 I OA73 5 — 1

cr.

CAPITAL in all the STOCKS.

53.000

54,10°

49.500

55>6oo

54.500

54.600

54.000

53.600

58.600

58.100

60.000

60.600

60.000

60.100

58.600

59.000

58.700

59.000

[59,700

59.000

59.700

59.000

60.700

61.000

60.200

60.500

60.700

60.500

61.000

61.500

61.800

66.000

64.800

63.000

62.200

63.000

62.200

63.000 62,300

62.500

63.800

63.000

63.800

63.500

64,342

67.000 66,562

Total . CAS ll Paid.

•2,827,904

33,942 10

34,284 12 6

34,216 17 6

34,194 — —

34,235 12 6

34^256 5

34,180 — —

34,138 10 —

34,221 7 6

34,126 5 —

34,125 - —

34,230 15 —

34,133 15 —

34,6io — —

33,76i 10 —

34A99 7 6

34,105 12 6

33,925 — —

34,536 7 6

34,030 — —

34-,392 10 —

33-777 10 —

34,022 7 6

34,oo7 10 —

34,153 — —

34,io6 17 6

34,286 i5 —

34*031 5 —

33*93* 5 —

34,131 5 —

33.815 10 —

33’907 —

3.4.174 7— —

34.335 T- —

34A*5 5 —

34,09815 —

34,044 —

34,098 15 —

34,100 5 —

34,062 10 —

34,363 5 —

33,99315 —

34i*83 10 —

34.131 5 —

34A71 13 9

34,086 5

34*431 10 —

,604,531 6 3

Appendix*.

(No. 19.)

8° Fcbruarii, continued.

*>44

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 19.).

8® Fcbruariiy continued.

— -■^-1 ■BSXJ 1- ■- -■ —. - P ■.■ 1 pm*, 1 18 th YEAR. The Annual Account of the CoxxutuflNI

Dr * - - 69th Quarter 1 Old ANN * 3-P. Ct. New ANN 3-P. Ct. ANN* 1751,_3*P- Ct,'

i JP

1803. 18th YfeAR. Total CASH Received. "Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. / Price. Sums paid. 4

: 1

£. s. d.

Quarterly Issue - 250,000

Ditto, additional D° - 50,000 /

99 and 96 An* - - , 13»7*° 3 7i -

Great Britain. Qr,y proportion ofjf.i-P.-C* 7 on Loans - - -3 615,5*5 15 6|

• , TS r bn r. 30^37,954 Confols a<£ 2 \ 1^2 - <On £-*.575,000 N.S.S. ► g >y. \ ' 458,069 5 10 38,625 ■

t0a£* 655,000An* 1751 rQr,y proportion of jf.i-P.-C* 7 ' on Loans - - -3 9,825

1 56,183 2 1

Freiawd. ' Dividend due 5th July 1803 7 9,180 13 9

1 * on £. 612,046 Confols -3

"Qr,7 proportion of jf.i-P.-C* 7 9.173 5 — 1 *

on I/>an of £. 3,669,300 J

Imperial. Dividend due 5th July 1803 > on £. 397,254 Imp* An* - 3 5.958 16 2

Aug* 2. By Stock Bought —~ ——

3- 1 - - Ditto ... - " - "

4- - - Ditto - — , - -: - — — — *■

5* - - Ditto - * - — "

9- - - Ditto - — - " " - - — - ~ —

10. - - Ditto - 2,000 5*3 1,057 10 — - — - ■

11. - - Ditto ——

16. - - Ditto - — = " " —

»7- - - Ditto - — - — ■

18. - - Ditto - - - — —- * - _ 1

19. - - Ditto - — - — "

23* - - Ditto - - ' — -

*5- - - Ditto - - — - " * m *

26. - - Ditto ——

30- - - Ditto - r - ■

31- - - Ditto — 20,000 55 11,000 — — - - —"T"

Sept11. - - Ditto - — 8,000 541 4>39 - - — 2,000 54 i ' 1,082 10 —

6. - - Ditto - — - , *

7- - - Ditto - . - — - *—

8. - - Ditto --- - - —— * *

9* - - Ditto - — - * — * ‘ ‘

*3- - * Ditto ... - — 2,000 53 § 1,072 10 2,000 53 3 1,07a 10 —

14- - - Ditto - - — - m — •

15- - - Ditto - — - 1 - - — 2,000 531 1,075 — — - * . — * "*•

id. - - Ditto - - — , - - m — - * "

20. - - Ditto - — 2,000 531 1,075 - . - * * —

*3- - - Ditto - — - ‘ ’ — - -

87. - - Ditto - - — - "* * — — m — 1

18. - - Ditto - - — - ‘ — "

3°- - - Ditto ——

Oft* 4. - - Ditto - — - * - - — - . - - - —:

5* - - Ditto - - — - " - — * " * '

6. - - Ditto - — - — - " — - — m —

7- - - Ditto - - — 2,000 52 s 1,052 10 — 1,000 5* S 5*6 5 -

11. - Ditto - i - —

12. - - Ditto - - — - " — * * "

*3- - - Ditto - " — " ' "

H- - - Ditto - — *

20. - - Ditto - — - — - - " " " "

21. - . Ditto - " - - —

*7* - - Ditto - " " - - —

69th Quarter i £. 1,516^61 i Ilj 30,000 - - 16,447 10 — 8,000 - - 4,275 5,000 - 2,681 5 —

44 Gf.o. III.

Appendix:

&45

N for the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

* I

FOUR P.Cx. ANN’. CONSOL® 3-P.Ct. REDUCED 3-P. Ct. IMPER1 3-P. Ct. C r

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. CAPITAL in all the STOCKS. Total CASH Paid.

38,000 5 19,950 30,000 534 15,975 68,000 35.925 — —

_ - ~ _ _ 65,000 544 35,i8i 5 — 1,800 5 2 j 949 10 — 66,800 36,130 15 —

- . _ - m _ 67,000 54 36,180 - 67,000 36,180

__ _ _ . _ 66,000 53 4 35,3io 1,800 52 I 945 67,800 36,255

_ _ - _ — 68,000 4 n 36,000 - 68,000 36,000 — —

_ m . _ _ _ , _ 64,500 53 34,185 1,800 52 936 68,300 36,178 10 —

_ . - _ _ — 67,500 53 § 36,196 17 6 - 67,500 36,196 17 6

- _ _ _ —. 67,300 53 $ 36,112 10 - 67,500 36,112 10 —

, . _ _ 65,000 53 I 35,018 15 — 1,800 52 3 949 10 — 66,800 35,968 5 —

m m - _ _ — 67,500 53 S 36,196 17 6 - 67,500 36,196 17 6

_ _ — 65,000 53 & 35,018 15 — 1,800 52 | 951 15 — 66,800 35,970 10 —

- _ — 67,000 54 h 36,347 10 - — 67,000 36,347 10 —

- _ — 67,000 54 £ 36,263 15 - — 67,000 36,263 15 —

’ - _ — 65,000 54 8 35,343 15 — 1,800 53 I 9^3 — — 66,800 36,306 15 —

- — . — 67,000 54 h 36,515 - 67,000 36,5>5

- - — 44.5°° 54 i 24,196 17 6 - - - — 1,800 54 972 — — 66,300 36,168 17 6

, - — 56,500 54 i 30,651 5 - — - 66,500 36,123 15 —

- - — 66,000 541 35,970 - 66,000 35.970

- - — 64,500 54 34,830 - — 1,800 53 1 963 — — 66,300 35.793

- - — 67,000 53 i 36,012 10 - 67,000 36,012 10 —

- — 65,200 53 3 35,126 10 — - - - i, Soo 53 I 958 10 — 67,000 36,085

- - — 63,000 53? 33,862 10 - — 67,000 36,007 10 —

- - — 65,500 53 1 35,2o6 5 - — 1,800 53 i 956 5 — 67,300 36,162 10 —

- — 65,000 53 3 35,oi8 15 - — 67,000 36,093 >5 —

- - — 65,500 53 1 35,206 5 - — 1,800 53 954 67,300 36,160 5 —

- - *— , 66,600 53 3 35,880 15 - — 68,600 36,955 15 —

- — 66,700 54 36,018 - 1,800 53 i 956 5 — 68,500 36,974 5 —

- — 68,977 53 3 36,988 18 3 - 68,977 36,988 18 3

- - — 67,700 53 4 36,050 5 - — 1,800 52 J 945 69,500 36,995 5 —

* * - - — 69,200 52 3 36,070 10 — - - — 1,800 5ii 927 71,000 36,997 10 —

- - — 70,300 52 i 36,995 7 6 - — 70,300 36,995 7 6

- - — 68,200 52 3 i 36,050 2 6 - 1,800 52 936 70,000 36,986 2 6

- - -- 69,900 523 36,959 12 6 - — 69,900 36,959 12 6

- - - — 65,500 52 I 34,55» 5 - 1,672 869 6 2 70,172 36,999 6 a

" - - - — * N.I The Stock purchased * 7M®° 512 36,949 IO — - - — 71,4°° 36,049 10 —

_ _ this Quarter on account of Ireland,; 71,100 5* 36,072 - - — 71,100 36,972

• - — amounts to £.122,554 Coniols. £. 3-P. Cl. Ann9, and is included 71,100 52 36,972 - 71,100 36,972

- . — in the Total below Rated. 70,900 52 I 36,956 12 6 - - - — 70,900 36,956 12

- - — - - i 85,000 51 I 44r°93 *5 - — 85,000 44.093 *5 —

■ - - - i 85,000 5- 44,200 - 85,000 44,200

: - - - - \ 84,278 5"* § I 44,140 15 - — | 84,278 ! 44,140 15 —

/ Voi. 59- — *,273,777 - - 681,595 13 3 *,497,77s t* - 796,129 12 6 6 Z 28,672 - 15,132 1 2 1 j 2,843,227 1 1,516,261 I 11

Append]

(No. 19 )

8° Feiruar continued,

t

546

Appendix.

u4. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

u(

18th Y EAR.-----The Annual Account of the Commissioner*

continued.

'* Dr - - - 70th Quarter. Old ANN* 3-P. Ct. New ANN* 3-P. Ct. ANN* 1751, 3-P.Ct.

1803. 18th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid

£. s. d.

•Quarterly I flue -Additional D° - *250,000

50,000 - —

99 and 96 Ann* Quar y Propor°of ^.i-p.-C1 ) *3.7*° 3 7i

on Loans raised from 1793 > 636,310 4 *1

Great Britain. to 1803 * - -J Half-) early Payra* on Ann* ) 1777 - - - - j 12,500

II V On £S3,407, S07. R< A* 501,109 11 8

| < On £.*,617.400 £.4-p -C« 51,348 —

5 / 3,188,000. O.S S. - 47,810 —

rI. Prop" of £. t-p.-C* on 1

Loans raised from 1797 > 64*33919 9?!

Ireland. 1 to 1803 - - )

Div* due 1 oth Oft. 1 #03, on ) _ £. 721,693. K4 A- - - 3 10,840 7 10

Imperial. , Q^’* Prop" of £. l-p.-C* on 7 Imperial Loan - - j 9*73 5 —

Nov. 2. By Stock Bought —

3- - - Ditto - - — _ _ —

8. - - Ditto - _ ___ __

' io. - - Ditto - ' , _ _

11. - - Ditto - — 7,000 52 i 3*675 ——

15* - - Ditto - - — m — _ —

16. - - Ditto ... — - - . — _ _ _ _ —

*7- , - - Ditto — - - - . — __ _ _ _ —

it. - * Ditto ... — 2,000 52 i 1,050 . - — . -

22. - - Ditto - — _ _ _ _ _ __

23- - - Ditto - — _ _ _ _ 1 . _ — _

*4* - - Ditto - — _ _ _

25- - Ditto - -' — - - _ I I - — —

29- - - Ditto - —

Dec. 1. - - Ditto - __ .

2. - - Ditto - . 5,000 52 J 2,693 15 ——

6. - - Ditto - — _ __ _

7- - - Ditto - - - — _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _____ __

S. - - Ditto - — _ _ _ _ ___ _ _ _ ___

9- - - Ditto - _ . — _ —

*3- - - Ditto - — - - . _ __ _

H- - - Ditto , - _ __ __ _

15- - - Ditto - . * - - __

io. - - Ditto - . _ __ __

20. - - Ditto - . _ _ ' __

22. - - Ditto - — _ _ . _ _ __ _____ ___

23. - - Ditto - _ —

*9* - - Ditto - — _

3°* - - Ditto - — - - 1 - . i. ——

1804: Jan* 3. - Ditto -

4- - - Ditto - — _ . _ _ 1

5- - - Ditto - . , —

10. - Ditto -

11. - - Ditto - — 4,000 55 i 2,220 I I _ m _____

12. - - Ditto - — _ _ - __ _ _____

13- - Ditto - —- _ _

*7- - - Ditto - — - . _ _ _ . .— _ __ _

19. - Ditto - . m _ _ - T _ _ _ __

20. - - Ditto - — m _ . .

24- - - Ditto —

2 6. - Ditto - — _ _ __

27. - - Ditto ... — . _ __ m

Si. - - Ditto f - — " - - —

70th Quarter - - I,668,l6l 11 1 i 18,000 - - 9.638 *5 — * " - —

69th Ditto - - - I,5l6,l6l 1 11$ 30,000 - 16,447 10 — 8,000 . 4,275 — 5,000 «. _ 1,681 5

68th Ditto - - - *604,531 6 3$ 39,000 - " 22,843 15 — 40,000 - . 24,545 — 5,000 - 1,91210

67th Ditto - - - 1,408,987— 5i 33,000 - - 23A57 10 — 6,000 - - 3*855 — 10,000 - - 7*°47 10

- Total 18th Year - £. 6*287,941 —10$ 120,000 71,987 10 — 54,000 - - 32,675 — 20,000 - - 12^641 5

4 Geo. III.

Appendix.

547

the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

t— P. Ci r. ANN*.

0UH s CONSOL , D 3-P- Ct. REDUCED 3-P. Ct, j IMPERIAL 3-P.Ct. C\

Ml- Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. CAPITAL in all the Total

STOCKS. CASH Paid.

J 73,000 73,600 52 j 521 38,50710 — 38,824 — 800 514 410 73,800 73,600 38,917 10 — 38,824

- - - 73.500 73.500 65,600 521 521 38.771 5 — 38.771 5 — - - — 73,500 73*500 38,77» 5 — 38*771 5 —

L 52 il 34,519 10 — 1,000 503 508 15 — 73»6oo 3«,7°3 5 —

~ ~ " — 73,600 52 i 38,732 - — 73*600 38,732

— " " — 72,500 522 38,334 7 6 1,000 51 i 512 10— 73*5oo 3M46 17 6

* * " " — 73,600 522 38,916 - 73,6oo 38,916 ,

' 1 n 531 — 7®,500 528 37,100 12 6 1,000 5i i 511 5 — 73,5oo 38,661 17 6

" * — —-• 31,000 16,662 10 — 42,000 5*2 22,207 >° — - 73,000 38,870

i - 71,800 53 i 38,23310 — 1,000 5> i 517 10 — 72,800 38,751

- - — 45,600 53 2 24,567 — 73,000 26,900 53 53 j 38,690 — — 14,290 12 6 1,000 5> 1 517 10 — 73*0oo 73*5oo 38,690 39,375 2 Q

• " m — 72,000 53 8 38,700 - 72,000 38,700

- - — 72,000 53 2 38,790 - _ - 72,000 38,790

00,000 54 35,640 1,000 5*1 523 15 — 72,000 38,857 10 —

* ’ * *— - - — 70,500 54 2 38,686 17 6 - - - _ 70,500 38,686 17 6

L "* 7°»5°° 54 i 38,246 5 — 1,000 52 3 5*8 15 — 71,500 72.000 71.000 38,775

- - - - — 72.000 70.000 54 i 54 2 8 39,240 38,227 10 — 1,000 53 j 531 5 — 39,2+0 38,758 15 —

• — 71,000 5+8 38,606 5 - — 71,000 38,606 5 —

• — 70,000 5+8 38,062 10 — 1,000 522 5*8 15 — 71,000 38,591 5 —

~ " - - 71>5t>o 541 38,967 10 - — 7i,5oo 38,967 10 —

' " ■* " " — 70,500 54 2 38,158 2 6 1,000 523 5*8 15 — 71,500 38,686 17 6

' - - ■— 71 >5oo 54 8 38,878 2 6 ‘ - - — 7*,5oo 38,878 2 6

* " 7i»5«o 5+2 38,967 10 — - - — 71,500 38,967 10 —

70,000 548 2 38,216 5 — 1,000 534 535 71,000 38,751 5 —

f ‘ - - — 7i»5oo 54 2 38,967 10 - 71,500 38,967 10 —

,70,000 548 2 38,236 5 — 1,000 53 s 533 15 — 71,000 38,77®

- - v — - - . - - — 70.500 69.500 54 8 54 2 38,510 12 6 38,138 2 6 1,000 53 a 536 5 — 70.500 70.500 38,510 12 6 38,674 7 6

71,000 5+88 38,826 5 — " - - 71,000 38,826 5 —

» m ► - 70.000 64.000 55 4 8 55 8 38,761 5 — 35,600 - -1,000 54 8 543 15 — 70.000 69.000 38,761 5 — 38,363 15 —

1* -► m - - - — 69,000 69,000. 55 i 55 2 38,467 10 — 38,295 1,000 5+8 543 15 — 69.000 70.000 38,467 10 — 38,838 15 —

m , ~ — 70,000 55 8 2 38,838 15 - - - - * — 70,000 38,838 15 —

1 1. , " * — 70,000 55 8 38,937 >0 - 70,000 38,937 i® —

" " 1 - — 60,000 56 38,640 — — ( 800 54 S 438 69,800 39,078

r * k _ T - * - - — 68,500 56 8 38,788 2 6 - - _ 68,500 38,788 2 6

1* _ ■* " " — 69,000 56 4 38,898. 15 — | - - — 69,000 38,898 15 —

L . - - ’ - — 67*0 00 68,360 56 3 56 H 38,306 5 — 38,623 4 7 i 763 55 8 I 4*4 68,263 68,360 38,73 5 — 38,623 4 7

■ w \ m - — 76,600 - - 41,^4910 — * 2,958,960 - - 1,608,120 2 1 >7,363 - - 9,173 5 ~ 3,070,923 1,668,161 12 1

r -• _ m * — 1.273,777 - - 681,595 13 3 >,497,778 - - 796,129 12 f 28,672 - - 15,132 1 2 2,843,227 1,516,261 1 11

• , 9 — >75,>23 - 94,506 15 — 2,552,242 - - 1,450,550 1 ? 16,539 - - 9A73 5 — 2,827,904 >,604,531 6 j

- 959,3oo - 624,416 17 6 I 1,226,828 " - 826,012 3 f 22,117 - - H,597 19 8 2,25?, 445 >,498,987 — 5

- ~ 2,485,000 " 1,441,748 15 9 8,235,808 - - 4,68o,8ll 19 J . 84,691 - - 48,076 10 10 1 10*999*499 6,287,941 — 8

Appendix*,

(No. 19.)

8° Febtuarii, continued*

• The Stock purchased this Quarter on account of Ireland amounts

to 138,37s* Reduced £.3-p.-C' Ann*, and is included in the Total above Rated.

548 Appendix, A. 1804

Cha* Abbot. Henry Addington. W. Grant. i/. Smith.

Joseph Nutt.

B. fVinthrop.

Appendix,

(No. 20.)

8* Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Sums that will probably be required for the Service of the BARRACK DEPARTMENT, in Great Britain, in the year 1804.

Coals and Candles - -

Bedding and Furniture -

Barrack'Master6 Expenditure, for Utensils, Straw, Salaries, &c. Rents - - . "

Lodging Money -

Allowance to Governors -

Barrack Office Establishment -

Contingencies ——

Additional Works to Barracks -

D° - D° - to Hospitalg -

Repairs, &c. &c. -

Stables for Regimental Staff Officers and Bat Horses

£. s. d.

302,090 — —

25.000 -

85.485-----

28,800-----

20,7‘23-----

2,857 -

13.329-----

5,836-----

36,030 -

26.4.00 '-----

59.345 -

25,410-----

631.-314-----

For Services ordered in 1803:

New Barracks ...... - £. 969,062-----

D° Hired and Fitted - - - - 41,450-----

D° Hospitals - -' - - - 221,049-----

1,231,561-----

Purchase of Premises, &c. - - - 27,019 — —

Furniture and Utensils - -- -- 266,151-----

On account of Barracks ordered to be erected, but not yet begun -

Fees to be paid at the War Office -

Total to be provided in the year 1804 - - £.

U524,73i-----

119,000-----

2,275,045-----

28,885-----

2,3°3.93°-----

Barrack Office, > 9th December 1803. )

Ol. De Lancey,

B.'M. Gen1.

44 £eo. Ill,

Appendix.

549

An ACCOUNT from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.6,287,941. o. 8. in One Year, from the 3d February 1803 to the 31ft January 1804, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of th6 National Debt, and of the Receipt of £.1,587,825. n. 8. to be applied in the Quarter between the ill February and the ift May 1804,

- - The said Commissioners with The Governor and Company of the Bank of England

C"

TO CASH Paid for tke following Stock, purchased as the Act directs s

Capital Stock.

£• 2,485,000. Confold £. g.-Per-C'. Ann* -8,135,808. Red. Ann* Confold -] 10,000. Old South Sea Ann*

54/300. New South Sea Ann* ao,oooo. £. 3,-Per-C1. Ann* 1751 -84,691. Imperial £. j.-Per-C*. Ann*

£•10,999,499 The Int. on which is

<C*3*9»9*4- >9- 4- per Ann.

BY CASH Received at sundry times; (Vi*1.) s From the Exchequer, being 4 Quarterly Issues -

- - - D° - - being an additional Issue -

From the Exchequer, being the app. for One Year, at the Rate 0f£% I. per Cr. per Ann! towards the Redemption of - £. 170,695,486. 19. 4. Confold £. 3. Per-Cl Ann* - -43,911^87. 10. o. Red. Ann*. Confold -16,975,084. 17. a. £. 4-Per-Ct. Ann* -10,155,589. 9. 9. Navy £. 5.-Per-Ct. Ann* -

11,3 51,456. 5. o. £. 5.-Per-Cc. Ann* 1797 ...

3,669,300. o. o. Impi £• 3--Per-Ct. Ann* -300,795. 13. 8 J Confold Long Ann* -139,250. 0.0. Ann* to commence from 5th January 1808, and then to be added to Coniold £. g.-Per-C' Annuities -

From the Exchequer, being the app* for J of a Year, at the Rate of £• I. per-C*. per Ann. towards the Redemption of * £. 9,600,000. o. o. Confold £. 3.-Pet~Cr. Ann*

9,600,000. o. o. Red. Ann* Confoid -38,500. a o. Consol* Long Ann* -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, and un- 7 claimed for 3 Years before 5th January 1803 - - - - -3

• - D° - - - being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, expired between 5th Jany 1786 and

5th Jan* 18035 Via. 1745 - £-3,974-----

*746 ...... 7,3 *7 — —

>757 ...... 8,154 10 —

1778 - - - - 231 13 —

>779 ...... 7*3 >5 7

- D* - - - being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th Feb. 1791 j Via# For 99 Years - 48,515 1 4

For 96 Years ----- 6,365 11 —

6,187,941

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Ann* 1777 ----- 25,000

For 6 Months Interest on £•30,115/500. 0. o. Confold £. 3-Per-C1. Ann* due 5th Jany 1803 45 ’>7*4 19 7

- D° - - - - 2,519,000. 0. 0. New South Sea Ann* - - D* 37.7*5 —

- D° - - - - 630,000. 0. 0. £. 3. Per-Cl. Ann* 1751 - D* - - - 945° —

- D° - - - - 361,649. 0. 0. Impi £. 3.-Per-Cl. Ann5 due ift Nov. 1802 5«4J4 >4 8

- D° - - - - 29,950,000. 0. 0. Red. Ann* Confald. due 5th April 1803 445*449 >9 6

- Do - - - - 2,617,400. 0. 0. £. 4.-Per-Cl. Ann* - - D° - 52»34* —

- D° - - - - 3,112,000. o* 0. Old South Sea Ann* - - D* - 46,680 —

- D* - - - - 31,150,000. o. 0, Confold£. 3.-Per.-C*. Ann* due 5th July 1803 4®7.*49 *9 7

- D* - - - - 2,575,000. 0. 0. New South Sea Ann* - - - . D* 38,6,5 —

- D* - - - - 655,000. 0. 0. £. 3.-Per-Cl. Ann* 1751 - - - D° 9.*5 —

- D° - - - - 397,254. 0. 0. Impi £• 3-Per-Cr. Ann* due ift May 1803 - 5.95* i® 2

- D° - - - - 34,> 30,000. 0. 0. Red. Ann* Confold, due 10th Oft. 1803 511,949 ij

- D* - - - - 2,617,400. 0. 0. £. 4.-Per-Cr. Ann* - - Do - , . 5*. 34* —

- D° - - * - 3,188,006. 0. 0. , Old South Sea Ann* - - D° - 47.*° — —

£■ 6,*87,941 — 8

£• 1.

1,000,000 — 200,000

d.

*,7*3,$»8 10

48,941 6 4

28,710 1.

20,440 x8 7

54,880 14 4

BY CASH Received, to be Received, and to be ApplieJ in the Quarter between tbt ift Feb. and the ill May 1804:

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -

- - D* - - - being an additional Issue to be received -

- D° - - - being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired; vie.

For 99 Years 12,128 15

96 Years - >»59> 8 o

- - D° - - - being the app. for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. I. per C'. per Annum

towards the Redemption of Loans from 1793 to 1803, both jnclusive $ Vi*.

On - £. 180,295,486. 19. 4. Confo!d £. 3-Per-Cr. Ann* -o.

53,511,487- 10.

16,975,084. 17 10,255,589. 9. 22,352,456* 5 139,150. o

Red. Ann* Confold ——

2. £. 4.-Per«Ct. Ann* Confold -

9. Navy £. 5—Per-C1 Ann* -

o. £. s-Per-C' Ann* 1797 -

o. £. 3.-Per-C:. Ann*, to commence from 5th Jany i8c8 ......

8.{ Confold Long Ann* - -

o. Imp* £. 3.-Per«Ct Ann* -

339*95. 13.

* 3,669,300. o.

For 6 Months Int on £. 32,600,000. Confold £. 3>-Per-Ct. Ann*, due 5th Jan. 1804 . - D° - - - -v 2,583,000. New Sooth Sea AnnY- - - D° -

- 660,000. £. 3,-Per-C1. Ann* 1751 - - D° -

--D0----- - 442,465. Impi £. 3.-Pex-C'. Ann* due xft Nov. 1803

£• d.

250,000 — — 50,000 — —

>3,720 3 7

729,823 9

488,999 19 7 38,745 — — 9,900 — — 6,636 19 6

>,587,825 XI

Vol. 59.

Bank of England, Jtli February 1804.

A. Newland,

7A

Chief Cashier.

Appendix, (No. 21.)

io* Februarii.

s

4

Appendix, (No. 22*) 3* Martii.

550

Appendix.

.4. 1804.

s=ca—c5"i OBBBBBBBBsa aattss . .. ill * 1 , s-r., :■ a 1 agessrsasgaggaaaaBMaaaaf1. sag sag:i,j7,r.f>.saa<aa——awnan

Sdbbati, 3* Martii9 I 804*

RESOLUTIONS reported front the Committee of the whole Hotife, to whom it was referred to consider of everal Acts relating to the Trade

and Revenues of Ikelavo; and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the llouXe.

t. R E*S OLVfiD, ThM the several and respective Duties payable upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being the Growth-Produce, or Manufk&ure, of Great Britain into Ireland, and upon the Exportation of any Goods; Wares* of* Merchandize, from Ireland, and the fevers! end respediee Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid or allowed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, W ares, or Merchandize, into or from Ireland (except the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by an Act of this Session of Parliament on Sugar exported from Ireland, and also save and except the Countervailing and other Duties, granted by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Irelandjj upon Goods and Commodities imported from Great Britain into Ireland, other than the Duties on Salt, Coals, and Hops, imported from Great BriuUn into Ireland, and the Countervailing Duties granted by the said Acts of Union 00 Beer, Silk Manofadnres, Spirits, and Sugar; and also, save and except the-Drawbarks upon Goods exported from I relaud to Great Britain, granted and allowed by the said Acts of Union) do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Duties* Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, following, be paid and allowed in lien thereof; Viz.

t. SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth, Produce, or Mamifadnrc, of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

U Schedule (A.)

Adianthum Agates

- the lb.

nz.

poldhed or otherwise mannfadored - - for every £. 100 of the Value

»----- Rongh, small as a Bean - the 100 dozen

----- Hough, large - - - the piece

—— — Rough, JinaH, not otherwise described - for every £* 100 of the value Alkali, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Alkanct Root ----- the ib.

Alkermes; viz*

-----Cotife&io - the oz. Troy

----- Syrup - the lb.

Almond Paste - -for every £. 100 of the value Almonds; wz,

— -----Bitter ----- the cwt.

— " J' rdan the cwt.

-----io the Shell - - - - the cwt.

-----of any other fort - the cwt.

Aloes; viz.

•-----Succotrina, or Succotorina - - the lb.

-----Hepatxa, and any other fort - - the lb.

Alum; viz.

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- - - the oz. Troy

for every £. 100 of the value the barrel, qt. 16 lbs. of fish

- the lb.

• the lb.

-----Roch Alum -

Amber -Ambe/gris Ambra Liquida An ho\ ies Angelica An aotto

Antimonium; viz.

-----Crudura - - - - the cwt.

-----Preparatum, or Stibium - the lb.

Apparel - - - for every £. 100 of the value

L—■— and a further Duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which such Apparel is made, according to the respective Rates to which such materials are subject.

Apples ----- the buftiel

-----dried - - - - the bushel

Aquafortis •< - - - the cwt.

Argol - - . the cwt.

Aristolochia, or Birthwort - the lb.

Arrow Root - - - - the cwt.

-----of the growth or produce of the British

Plantations or Colonies in America,

the cwt.

Arsenic -

Aftai'uetida - -

Afarum Root -

Afphaltuin, or Bitumen Judaicum

Alias

the cwt. the Ib. the lb. the lb.

Bacon a

Balls; viz.

-----Tennis Balls -

Washing Balls

for every £. 100 of the value B.

- the ci the 1,0

, - the

Balfatn; viz.

Artilicial ...... the

Candida ...... the

Copaiba, or Capivi - - - the

Natural ----- the

not otherwise enumerated or described - ’

every £, ioo of the va Band Strings - - - the dozen kn<

— 1 if of Silkf or mixed with Silk - a furtl

Duty for every

Duty. Drawback. l. Schedule (A.) Duty. Drawback.

£. 8. d. £■ a. d. £■ 8. d. £■ 3+ <L

O O 4 O 0 3 Band String Twill - - - the dozen knots O 3 5 O 3 2

if of Silk, or mixed with Silk - a

further Duty for every lb. 5 11 10 5 11 10

20 5 4 l6 *3 4 Bark, not otherwise enumerated or described - for

O 5 2 O 3 8 every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 9

O 0 2 O 0 1 Balket Rods - die bundle, not exceeding three feet in

circumference at the band 0 1 6 0 1 4

20 5 4 l6 13 4 Baskets; riz.

Hand Baskets •* - - the dozen 0 1 5 0 1

Wicker Baskets, for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 id l3 4

33 0 0 29 8 0 Bast Ropes - - -• , - - the cwt 0 1 9 0 1 4

0 0 6 O 0 4 Battery, Bafhrones, and Kettle# . - - the cwt. 2 »9 9 2 11

Beads; viz.

0 1 7 O 1 2 Amber Beads - - - the lb. 0 7 4 0 6 3

0 2 4 O 2 2 Arangoe - - for every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 3 0

33 0 0 29 8 0 Bone, or Box - - - the great gross 0 10 10 0 9 3

Coral Beads - - - - the lb. 0 11 9 0 7 3

0 15 8 O 13 5 — Crystal Beads - the 1,000 1 0 9 0 18 5

1 5 11 O 18 11 Glass - - for every £. 100 of the value 8316 «; 80 4 5

0 10 3 O 7 3 Jasper - the 100 stones 0 18 8 j 0 12 9

1 1 7 O 18 7 Jet Beads - the lb. 0 1 8 I 0 1 S

not otherwise enumerated or described - for

0 1 8 O 1 7 every £r 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 10 0 0 9 Beer; viz.

Mum - the barrel, qt. 32 gallons 1 1 4 0 18 6

0 9 8 O 8 7 Spruce Beer - - the barrel, qt. 32 gallons 1 10 10 1 7 €

0 0 11 O 0 10 of Ale of all other forts, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons 0 11 2 0 10 0

0 2 2 O 2 0 Benjamin ----- the lb 0 1 9 0 1 7

33 0 0 29 8 0 Bergamot, Essence of - for every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

0 4 0 O 2 6 Berries; viz.

,0 0 6 0 O 5 Bay the cwt. 0 6 2 0 5 2

0 0 6 0 O 5 Juniper ----- the cwt. 0 1 1 0 0 11

Yellow - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

0 9 0 0 7 C not otherwise enumerated or described, not

0 0 6 0 0 5 being Drugs, and not being for the pur pole

33 0 0 29 8 0 of Dying - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

Birds, Singing Birds - . - - the dozen 0 3 10 0 2 4

Bl&rking - the cwt. 0 15 7 0 13 4

Bladders - - - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

Blades; viz.

0 0 8 0 0 5 for. Toils - - - - the dozen 0 2 9 0 2 6

0 1 5 0 0 11 for Razors - - - - the dozen 0 2 2 0 1 10

0 3 7 0 0 0 Blankets, or Blanketting - - the square yard 1 7 6 1 6 9

0 6 3 0 4 0 Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole - the cwt. 0 3 1 0 2 5

0 0 7 0 0 6 Bones and Hoofs of Cattle - for every £. 100 of the

2 4 0 1 10 0 value 20 5 4 16 13 4

Books; viz.

bound ----- the cwt. 3 0 6 2 9 2

0 11 0 0 10 0 — unbound - the cwt. 1 17 0 1 11 4

0 8 3 0 6 0 Borax; viz.

0 0 7 0 0 6 refined ----- the lb. 0 1 6 O 1 4

0 0 6 0 0 5 unrefined, or Tincal - the lb. 0 0 4 O 0 4

0 0 4 0 0 3 Bottles; viz.

‘20 5 4 16 13 4 of Earth or Stone - - the dozen bottles 0 3 1 O 2 7

of Glass, covered with wicker - for every

£. 100 of the value 8316 4 80 4

O 11 7 0 9 7 Green or Common Glass Bottles, full or

empty, of less content than one Tint, and

1 1 4 0 12 4 not being Phials - for every £. 100 of the

0 0 6 0 0 5 value 83 16 4 80 4 4

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, not bound with Iron - the

0 1 7 0 1 4 dozen 0 1 3 O 1 1

0 0 8 0 0 6 Boxes; viz.

0 1 1 0 0 9 Drafting Boxes - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

0 1 11 0 1 10 Nest Boxes - the gross of 12 dozen nests, each nest

qt. 8 boxes 0 17 2 0 14 Li

33 0 0 29 8 0 Pill Boxe3 - the gross of 12 dozen nests, each nest

0 8 3 0 6 9 qt. 4 boxes 0 2 2 O 0 8

Sand Boxes - the gross of 12 dozen 0 4 7 O 4 2

5 10 5 IX 10 Snuff Boxes, not being silver or gold - for every

1 £+100 0/ the value 33 0 29 8

4*4 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

551

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

i. Schedule (A.)

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass - for every £. loo

of the %alue

Brass Manufactures not particularly enumerated or dcl'cribed - - for every £. loo of the value

Bricks - - . - - - - the 1,000

Brimstone, Crude or Cane - - the cwt.

Bridles; viz.

.-----(Irelled - - the dozen lbs.

----- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in

foreign shipping - - the dozen lbs.

----- rough or undrelled - - the dozen lbs.

-----of Muscovy or Uutlia, imported in foreign shipping - the dozen lbs. Bronze Figures and Wares - lor every £. too of the

value

Brooms, Flag Brooms or Whisk Brooms - for every'

£. 100 of the value

Btigle; viz.

.—.-----great ----- the lb.

-----(mall or feed - the lb.

lintts or Figures of Marble or Stone - - for every

£. 100 of the value

-----not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. ioq of the value

C.

Cables, tarred or untarred - the cwt.

Catidus or Crewel Ribband, not exceeding inch in breadth - the dozen pieces, each piece

qt. 36 yards

-----and further, if of Silk or mixed with Silk - for every lb. thereof

Cafloy ----- the yard

*----- and further, if of Silk or mixed with Silk - for every lb. thereof Calamus ----- the lb.

t ale o'S; viz.

.-----white - the yard

----- printed, painted, stained, or dyed, or pai tly

dyed alter weaving - - the yard

Cameletto, half Silk, half Hair - - iheyaid

and further -

- for every lb. theieoi

- - the lb.

- - the lb.

- the lb.

Camomile Flowers -Camp hire; v z.

-----refined

-----unrefined

Candles; viz.

----- Spermaceti - - - - the cwt.

-----Tallow ----- the cwt.

-----Wax ----- the cwt.

Candlewick ----- the cwt.

Canes; viz.

-----Rattans - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Herd Canes - the 1,000

walking Canes, not being mounted

the 1,000 the dozen

- the lb.

- the lb. the 1,000

Cans of Wood, not bound with Iron Cantharides -Capers -

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads Caps of Cotton - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----of Woollen or Worded - for every £. 100 of the

value

Cardamoms ----- the lb.

Cards, Playing Cards - - the dozen packs

Carpets; viz.

.-----of Turkey, qt. less than four yards square,

the carpet

-----qt. four yards square, or upwards,

the carpet

-----not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed, or charged with Duty, lor every 100 of the value Carriages, with or without the Appurtenances - for every £. 100 of the value Calks, empty - the tun of 252 gallons content

Cafiia; viz.

-----Buds -

■ -----Fiftula

• Lignea

for every £. 100 of the value: the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Duty.

C aft or

Catlings, or Lutestrings - the gvofs of 12 dozen knots Cattle, alive; viz. Bulls, Cows, Oxen, or Steers - for every £. 100 of the value Caviare ----- the cwt.

Chalk - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Chamlets; viz.

-----unwatered, or Mohair - - the yard

-----watered - the yard

-----half Silk, half Hair - - the yard

-----and further, if made of, or mixed with

Silk - - for evchy lb. thereof

Cheese ----- the cwt.

Cherries the cwt.

£. #. d.

83 16 5

33 o o 0 5 9 022

o 5 10

064

016

018

33 o o

26 8 o

o 1 5

025

20 5 4 20 5 4

Drawback.

£. s. d.

80

4 5

29 8 o 5 o 1

o 1

29 8 17 4

0128

5 11 10

o 211

5 11 10

004

10

33 o

20 5 0 5 9

33 o o o o 0 12 0 3 0 O 111

20 5 4 089

20 5 4

009 o 1 3 022

5 11 10 o 2 8

o 7 o

16 13 4

16 13 4

o 19 1 o 16 9

0 9 5

5 11 10 021

5 11 10 003

o 411

0 6 1 0 5 9

0 3 7 0 3 3

5 11 10 5 11 10

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 1 8 0 i 6

0 0 10 0 0 8

2 1 10 1 13 10

1 0 3 0 18 2

2 11 4 2 0 6

O 16 4 0 13 5

20 51 4 16 13 4

O 4 8 0 0 5

5 10 0 3 15 0

0 1 3 0 1 0

0 2 2 0 1 5

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 2 5 0 1 8

44 0 0 40 8 0

44 0 0 40 8 0

0 1 ) 0 1 0

1 15 7 1 15 3

0 10 10 0 5 10

1 3 11

29 8 o

1613 4 o 411

29 8 o

006

011 029

012

1613 4

06 5 1613 4

007

O Oil

018

5 n 10 018 038

1. Schedule (A.)

Chests of Iron; viz.

-----small - the piece not exceeding in

length one yard

-----large - the piece exceeding in length

one yard

China Roots - - the lb.

China, Porcelaine, or Farthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Chocolate - - the lb.

Cider - the tun, qt. 252 gallons

Cinnabaris Nativa - the lb.

Cinnamon ----- the lb.

Cifierns of Fatten - the lb.*

Citron, preserved with Salt - for every £. 100 of the

value

Civet ----- the oz. Troy

Clocks; viz.

----- of Wood - for every £. 100 of the value

-----not of Wood - lor every £. 100 of the value

Cloves ...... the lb.

Coals, Culm, or Cinders - - - - the ton

-----and further, if imported into

Dublin Harbour (and not for the use of the Gluts, Sugar, or Salt Manufactories) - for every ton

Cobalt, or Zaftre - for every £. 100 of the value Cochineal - - - the lb.

Cocoa Nuts ----- the lb.

Coculus indicus ----- the lb.

Cotiee: r»z.

-----the produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America - the cwt.

-----the produce of any other country or place,

the cwt.

Colophonia, or White Rosin - - - the cwt.

Colutnbo Root ----- - the lb.

Combs, of Ivory - for every £. 100 of the value Comfits - - - the In.

Copper; viz.

-----Ore ----- the cwt.

-----unwTrought; viz. Copper Bri* ks, Rose Copper,

and all call Copper - the cwt. ----- in Plates and Copper Coin r the

C'Vt.

---—part wrought; viz. Bare, Rods, or ingots,

hammered or raised - the cwt.

----- Manufactures of Copper, not particularly

enumerated and described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and Copper plates engraved - for every £. 100 of the value Copperas; r?z.

-----blue -

green

white

Coral; viz.

-----in Fragments -

-----whole, polished

-----unpol ifiied -

Cordage, tarred or untarred Cork ——

Corks, ready made Cortex; viz.

-----Anguflurce -

-----Eleutheria^ or Cafcarilla

-----Limonum or Aurentiorum,

Orange Peel

-----Peruvianus or Jesuit's Bark

•-----Simarouba -

-----Winteranus -

-----not otherwise enumerated fir

Duty.

- - - the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

■* - - the lb.

- - - the cw t.

- the cw't.

- the gross of 12 dozen

- the lb.

~ - the lb.

or Lemon or

- - the lb.

- the lb.

- - the lb.

- - the lb.

described - for every £. 100 of the value - - - - the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value - for every £. 100 of the value - the cwt.

Cow-itch -Cranberries -Crayons -Cream of Tartar -Crystal; viz. ‘

-----broken in pieces - - - - the lb.

-----not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Cucumbers, pickled or preserved - for every £. 100 of

the value

Currants; viz.

.-----imported in shipping of the United Kingdom ----- the cwt.

-----in foreign shipping - the cwt.

Cuttle Bones ----- the 1,000

D.

Dates ----- the cwt.

Diamonds, Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels - for every £. 100 of the value

Drawback.

£■ s. d. s. d.

1 13 4 1 9 4

2 10 7 2 3 0

0 2 2 0 2 0

44 0 0 40 8 0

0 1 5 0 1 2

2 1 ti 1 10 6

0 1 8 0 i 6

0 2 2 0 1 9

0 O 8 0 0 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 0 0 1 8

2D 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 *9 8 0

0 3 3 0 3 0

0 2 7 0 2 Q

0 1 1 0 1 1

20 5 4 16 *3 4

O 0 11 0 0 10

0 1 5 0 1 4

0 1 10 0 1 8

5 0 0 4 16 a

6 17 10 6 13 10

0 4 5 0 3 10

0 0 j 0 0 9

33 0 < 9 8 .0

0 1 u 0 l 0

0 1 9 7 0 l 1

0 11 r 0 7 "0

0 H 7 0 10 4

1 9 8 0 18 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 8 2 0 5 9

0 0 3 0 0 0

0 8 10 0 7 0

Q l 2 0 1 0

O 10 0 0 6 6

O 8 1 0 6 4

O 18 0 0 16 8

O 5 6 0 4 9

O 1. 11 0 1 10

O 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 3

O 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 5 0 1 3

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 0 6 0 0 5

33 0 0 -9 8 0

0 1 2 0 1 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 9 11 0 5 11

0 1 7 0 1 5

33 0 0 29 8 a

33 0 0 29 8 a

1 11 0 1 9 6

1 15 2 1 13 8

0 8 10 > 0 8 2

1 12 1 1 7 9

3 *9 2 0 7

.Appendix^ (No. 2a.) 30 Mar tit,

continued.

552

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix# (No. 21.) 3# Martii,

c ontirrucd.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c. continued.

.Schedule (A.)

Dice -Dimity -

and further -

Down -Drapery; viz.

-----old

----- new

- - - for every pair

for every £. too of the value - for every square yard for every £. 100 of the value

- - the yard

the yard

for every £. ioo of the value

Drawings - —-----j ^-----

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - - for every

£. ioo of the value

E.

Earthen-ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £• ioo of the value - - - the lb.

the lb.

for every £. ioo of the value

Elephants Teeth Emery Enamel Efifence; viz.

— of Lemon -. of Spruce

- - the lb.

__w of every £, ioo of the value

_____not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. ioo of the value Euphorbium - - - the lb.

Pan-mounts of Leather

-----and further -

Feathers; viz.

—-----for Beds

• for every £. ioo of the value - for every lb. thereof

Duty. Drawback.

£■ «• d- £■ *• d-

O 14 IO O 14 O

‘20 5 4 16 13 4

021 021

20 5 4 16 13 4

1 8 3 1 7 9

078 075

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

44 o o 0 0 2 O O 1

33 °

o 3 20 5

33 ° o o

__________ - the cwt.

Oftridge or Edridge, dressed or undrelTed, i for every £. ioo of the value

— Vulture - for every £. ioo of the value

__________. not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty (and not being Bed Feathers) - for every £. ioo

of the value

Ferret Ribband - - - - pergrofs

, . — if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further

Duty - - for every lb. thereof

Figs; viz.

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

the cwt

40 8 o

ool 001

29 8 o

0 3 4 16 13 4

20 8 o

003

33 0 0

004

o 15 10

33 o o 33 0 ©

33 0 0

o 211

5 ii 10

-—— in Foreign Shipping Fish; viz.

-----Cod Fish

-----for every fix score

-----Herrings

—- Ling -

-----Salmon

-----Stock Fish -

the cwt.

the barrel of 32 gallons

the barrel of 32 gallons - for every fix score the barrel of 32 gallons the 120

- -- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being fresh Fish - for every £. 100 of the value

Flannel ...... the yard

Flax; viz.

-----dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom the cwt

- -- -- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. Flint Stones for Potters the ton

Flocks ----- the cwt

Flower Roots for every 5 score

Flowers, Artificial - for every £. 100 of the value Foflils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - - for every

£. 100 of the value Frames for Pictures or Prints - - for every

£. 100 of the value Frankincense ----- the cwt.

Fruit, Artificial - - for every £. 100 of the value Furriers Waste, fit only for making glue - for every

£. 100 of the value

G.

Galanga the lb

Galbanum - the lb.

Galls ----- the cwt.

Gamboge - the lb

Garnets; viz,

-----— cut -

rough

Gauze of thread -----and further

* * * - the lb.

the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value for every square yard thereof the lb

Gentian Ginger; viz.

-----of the British Plantations in America or the

West Indies - - - - the cwt

.-----— not of the Plantations

preserved

the cwt the lb. the lb,

Ginseng Glals; viz.

—broken, fit only to be re-maaufaflurec^ the cwt

29 8 o 004

9 5

29 8 o

29 8 o

20 8 o

027

5 n 10

o 9 o 10

0 5

1 2 o 6

* 4 o 10 o 3

13 5

o 1

070

080

o 4 o 16

0 o

1 9 o 8 o 3

9 13 7

010

1 1* 5 1 8 10

2 1 10 1 18 3

0 1 1 0 0 10

0 9 9 0 7 0

0 2 9 0 2 3

33 0. 0 29 3 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 6 7 0 5 7

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 10 0 0 7

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 8 10 0 3 10

0 5 0 1 3

1 4 6 0 18 10

0 7 0 0 6 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 16 6 0 H 7

1 13 c 1 11 2

0 3 i 0 1 1

0 0 lc ) 0 0 9

0 X i I 0 1 4

1. Schedule (A.)

Glass—continued.

— Plate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every

£. 100 of the value

Glue ...... the cwt.

Grains, Guinea ----- the lb. Grapes - - for every £. 100 of the value.

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Gum; viz.

— Anmioniacus -

-r Animi -

— Arabic ——

— Cafiievv -

—- - of the growth or produce of the British West India Islands, or of the Bahama and Bermuda, or homers Ifies, the cwt.

— Copal - - for every £. 100 of the value

— Elemi - - - the lb.

— Guiacum -

— Lac; viz.

----- Cake Lac, Shellac, Seed Lack,

Lac -

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the cwt.

the lb.

— Opopanax ——

— Sagapenum -

— Sandrake, or Juniper

— Sureocolla ——

— Senega -

— Tacdinahaca - -

—* Tragacantiui- .....

— not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - far every

£. 100 of the value Gunpowper; viz.

----- Corn Powder , - - the cwt.

-----Serpentine Powder - - the cwt.

or Stick the lb. the 11). the lb. the cwt.

the lb. the cwt. the lb. the lb.

H.

Haberdashery Wares,* not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. ioo of the value

-----if of Silk, or mixed with Siik - - a

further Duty for every lb. thereof

Hair; viz.

-----Camel ----- the lb.

-----Cow, or Ox - the cwt.

-----Elk ----- the cwt.

-----Goat, or Turkey Goat's Wool - the lb.

-----Horle ----- the lb.

-----Human ----- the lb.

Hair Powder; viz.

-----plain ----- the cwt.

-----perfumed - - - - the cwt.

Handkerchiefs - the dozen

-----:-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk - a further

Duty for every lb. thereof

-----if of Muslin, and imported by the East India Company of England a further puty for every square yard

-----not imported by the East India Company

of England - - a further Duty for every square yard

Hand Scoops - - for every £. 100 of the value

Hardware, Manufactures of, if not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every /. 100 of the value

Hats; viz.

-----Bast Straw, and Chip Hats or Bonnets - for every £. 100 of the value

-----made of, or mixed with, Felt, Hair, Wool, or

Beaver - the hat

-----not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - the hat

Hatbands ...... the grois

-----If of Silk, a further Duty for every lb. thereof

Helebore ...... the lb.

Hemp; viz.

-----dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

—— - - - imported in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

-----Cullen or Steel, and all other drelied Hemp,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

Duty. Drawback.

£ d. £■ S. j d.

83 16 5 80 4 5

O 5 6 O 3 6

O 0 2 O 0 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 r> 0 0 5

0 0 8 O 0 7

0 13 0 O 9 6

0 5 7 O 0 9

0 3 10 0 1 0

33 o' 0 29 8 0

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 1 0 0 1 1

0 0 7 0 0 6

0 2 c 0 2 1

0 0 7 0 O 5

0 H 10 0 12 0

0 0 8 0 O 6

0 13 2 0 9 6

0 0 7 0 2 5

0 0 7 0 0 5

53 0 c •29 8 0

12 11 3 5 11

3 (5 c > 3 3 4

Hides; viz.

-----— Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, not

tanned, tawed, or iu any way dressed, the

piece

----- - - - - tanned - the lb.

tanned

the lb.

33 0 0 :9 8 0

5 11 ;c 5 11 10

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 9 6 0 7 8

0 8 10 0 5 6

0 0 •2 0 0 0

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 2 9 0 2 6

4 1 5 3 17 2

6 3 2 5 18 11

0 lS 8 0 16 11

5 11 10 5 11 10

0 2 l 0 2 1

0 2 11 0 2 11

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 O 0 29 8 0

33 O 0 29 8 0

1 11 4 1 10 4

0 6 0 0 6 2

1 11 11 1 10 5

5 11 10 5 11 10

0 0 3 0 0 2

1 1 8 0 18 6

1 7 2 1 4 0

1 8 7 1 5 10

1 18 6 1 15 9

0 1 S 0 1 9

0 0 7 0 0 5

1 0 1 7 0 1 1

0 0 b 0 0 5

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

553

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)

Hides— am tinu t d -----Lofli

the lb.

Muscovy or Russia, tanned ’ - the hide

raw or undressed, of the British Plantations or Colonies in America, not particularly enumerated or del'cribed, or otherwise charged with Duty — for every £. loo of

the value

and also on such of the Hides hereinbefore enumerated, the following additional Duties;

viz.

if tanned - for every i o lbs.

if dressed in oil - for every lb. thereof not otherwise enumerated or described, and not tanned, or drelled in oil - for every £. i oo of the value tanned or dressed in oil, of what kind soever, and all parts or pieces thereof not being manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value further, if tanned - for every 10 lbs. thereof for every lb. thereof the ioo of 5 score the barrel of 42 gallons

-----but if drelled in Oil

Hones Honey Hoops; viz.

---— of Iron ----- the cwt.

-----of Wood - the 1,000

Hops ----- the cwt.

Horns; viz.

-----Buffaloes, Cows, Oxen, or Steers - the 100

-■ — Harts or Stags - the 100

-----not particularly enumerated or del’cribed, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Horn Tips - for every £. 100 of the value

Horl’es, Marcs, or Geldings, each -

I.

Jalap ----- the lb.

Jet - ----- the lb.

Inkle; viz.

-- unwrought -

-- wrought -

India Rubbers, or Burrachas

the lb. the dozen lbs. for every £. 100 of the value for every 100 lbs. the cwt. - the cwt.

Indigo

Ink for Printers Iris or Orris Root Iron; viz.

— of any other Country than the British Colonies or the United States of America, in Bars or unwrought - - - -1 die ton

- — flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or

hammered, lei’s than j of an inch square, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the ton

— in Foreign Shipping - - the ton

call - - for every £. 100 of the value

- Cinders - per ton

■-----Liquor - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----old broken, and old cult Iron, the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Ore - the ton of 20 cwt.

• ---Pig Iron, not of any British Colony or Planta-

tion in America - - - the ton

■ Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Ifinglass the lb.

Juice; viz.

— of Lemons or Oranges - the tun of 252 gallons

-----of Limes - the gallon

, Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding 5 fathom in length

per ton

Ivory; viz.

• ---unwrought - the lb.

t* - wrought, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

K.

Kelp -

L.

I.abdanum -Lace; viz.

— Bone Lace of Thread - -

...... of Silk -

-----Silk of all forts

Lamp Black -Lapis; viz.

•— Calaminaris -— -----Tutije -

the ton of 2© cwt.

- - the lb.

- the dozen yards the lb. qt. 16 oz. the lb< qt. 16 oz.

- the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- - the lb

VOL. 59.

Duty.. Drawback.

£.s. d. £■ s.

0 1 3 0 12

0 3 10 OI4

3 19 2 0 7 2

012 0 12

003 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

_ 1

*0 5 4 16 13 4

012 O 1.2

CO 0 0 003

0911 O 711

1 1 5 O IO 5

083 0 6 10

038 004

300 2 15 6

0 4 9 0 3 5

0 13 2 080

20 5 4 16 13 4

-20 5 4 16 13 4

240 1 13 0

0 1 9 0 17

d 0 8 0 0 7

0010 0 0 9

1 14 10 1112

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 14 0 OOOO

0 9 9 0 611

1 11 10 1 IO 4

0 12 8 0 12 8

0180 0180

0 19 6 0196

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 i 010

3 19 2 072

070 060

0 1 10 0 12

0 12 8 O 12 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0.0 29 8 0

007 006

3 5 8 2102

0 0 10 008

t 4 2 0 17 0

0 1 10 0 1 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 9 10 0 5 4

013 006

* 7 7 0 13 7

11 11 7 1° 15 5

7 17 4 7 5

0 15 10 0 13 4

0 4 5 .030

0 0 4 .004

1. Schedule (A.)

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for ’ ' every £. 100 of the value

Latten; viz.

-----black -

----- Ihaven - - *

Lavender Flowers Lead; viz.

-----black

-----Litharge -

-----Ore - -

— pig- -

-----red -

-----Sheet

-----white

Leather; viz.

-----Bafils -

-----and further -

the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

the cwt. the cwt. the ton the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

- the dozen skins for every lb. thereof

-----—whether tanned, or dressed in Oil, or worked

up into any Manufacture whereof Leather is the moil valuable part, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

-----autj further, if tanned - for every lb. thereof

-----. - - if drelled in Oil - for every lb. thereof

Leaves of Gold - the 100 leaves

Leaves of Roles or Violets - - - the lb.

Lemons ----- the 1,000

-----Pickled - - the tun of 252 gallons

Lentiles ----- the lb.

Lignum Quafliae - - for every £. 100 of the value

—-----Rhodium - - - the cwt.

Limes ----- the barrel

fBarras of the Batavian Republic, or Heflen Canvas - - the 100 ells, qt. 6 score

And further for every square yard thereof Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Canvas the 100 ells, qt. 6 score And further for every square yard thereof Poledavies, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough _ Canvas - - the bolt, qt. 28 ells

And further for every square yard thereof | f Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard to I And further for every square yard thereof & IJ J Of Silesia making - - the yard

H v. And further for every square yard thereof Q bifQf the Batavian Republic making the yard

to = I And further for every square yard thereof hf^/Of Silesia making - - the yard

| * | And further for every square yard

thereof

And for and upon all Damask Towelling, Napkin-ing, and Cloths, made of Flax or Hemp, the following further additional Duty; viz.

Damask.

-----—■— if the fame be one yard wide, or under,

for every yard thereof

, -----if the fame be above one yard wide, and

/ under two yards wide - - for every

yard thereof

-----if the fame be two yards wide, or more,

for every yard thereof Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard jg And further for every square yard thereof Is Of Silesia making - - the yard

L And further for every7 square yard thereof Napkins of the Batavian Republic making -

the dozen

And further for every square yard thereof . fOfthe Batavian Republic making, the yard cccl And further for every square yard ~ JJ thereof

at Of Silesia making - - the yard

I And further for every square yard . * V. thereof

Drillings and Packducks - the 100, qt. I2d ells And further for every square yard thereof Bag Holland of the Batavian Republic - The ell And further for every square yard thereof Oil Cloth ----- the yard And further for every square yard thereof And all other Manufactures of Flax and Hemp not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value And further for every square yard thereof Liquorice; viz.

-----Powder ——

-----Root - - r - -

Duty.

Drawback.

iK

G

Lupines -

Mace -Madder; viz -----Crop Madder -

7 B

M.

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the lb. the cwt.

£■ *■ d. c- 9. d.

13 0 0 •; 29 8 0

0 17 7 0: 11 11

1 2 0 0 16 0

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 12 1 0: 11 4

0 3 8 0 3 3

0 16 9 0 »3 3

1 11 5 1 0 8

0 7 1 0 6 1

0 2 6 0 1 0

0 8 0 0 6 9

3 5 3 3 4 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

20 5 4 16 >3 4

0 0 4 Q 0 4

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 11 O 1 7

0 0 4 O 0 4

0 13 7 O 9 9

3 4 0 1 7 li

0 0 1 O 0 I

33 0 0 29 8

0 16 3 O 5 2

0 1 1 O 0 10

1 3 3 1 0 Q

0 0 9 O 0 9

1 0 3 O, 18 5

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 6 4 0 4 6

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 2 9 0 2 6

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 7 0 1 3

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 10 0 1 10

,0 2 8 0 2 8

0 1 11 0 1 7

0 0 9 1 0 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 10

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 9 11 0 8 11

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 0 0 0 0 9

0 0 »7 0 0 (5

0 0 9 0 0 9

1 0 3 0 H 3

0 0 9 1 0 0 9

0 2 8 0 2

0 0 9 1 0 0 9

0 2 8 0 2 5

0 0 9 1 0 0 9

13 0 0 29 ,8 0

0 0 9 0 0 9

2 1 3 1 1 17 8

0 11 0 0 8 4

0 4 6 0 4 0

0 4 6 0 3 10

0 7 2 0 4

Appendix>

(No,

3? Mart,

continued.

554

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 22.)

3* Martiiy

continued.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

I Duty.

Madder—continued. Fat

---Mull -

• Roots -

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

each the lb.

the lb. the lb. the dozen

Manna Maps -Marmalade Mainek; viz.

-----Red

-----of any other fort

Mats of ltuflia Matting; viz.

— ----- of Barbary or Portugal - the square yard

-----of the Batavian Republic - the square yard

-----3-----not particularly enumerated or described, or

other wise charged with Duty - - for every £. loo of the value

MattrafTes - - for every £. 100 of the value

Mead -»■----- the gallon Medals - for every £. 100 of the value

-----subject to a further Duty if of gold or silver,

the oz. troy

Medlars - the bushel

Melasses; viz.

-----of the produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, or the West Indies - - - the cwt.

•-----not of the British Plantations - the cwf

Mercury; viz.

-----Precipitate - the lb.

-----Sublimate - the lb.

Metal; viz.

-----Bell Metal - - the cwt.

-----Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) - the packet

of *250 leaves

— -----prepared for Battery - - for every £. 100 of

of the value

Metheglin ----- the gallon Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

— - -----and a further Duty by the lb. or by the yard, on the Materials of which such Wares are made, according to the respective Rates to which such Materials are subject. Minerals and Fofiils, not particularly enumerated or del’cribed, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every/. 100 of the value Morells - - the lb.

Moss, Rock Moss - the ton

Mother of Pearl Shells - for every /. 100 of the value Mules for every £. 100 of the value

Musical Instruments, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every/. 100 of the value Musk ----- the oz. troy

Muslin; viz.

-----— Plain White, having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - the square yard -----not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - the square yard

—— being worked or figured, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Romals and all other Manufactures of Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value and further, for every square yard thereof, if the fame had been Imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

— ----- not having been imported by the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - the square yard

- the lb.

£■ s. d.

O 5 10

0 1 2

0 8 6

O 0 9

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 1 3

0 0 7

0 0 3

0 0 2

20 5 4

20 5 4

0 0 7

20 5 4

0 0 9

0 1 8

0 5 4

0 10 5

0 2 4

0 1 7

0 9 9

O 0 3

20 5 4

0 0 7

33 0 0

Drawback.

£■ s. d.

O 3 2

O 0 10

O 5 9

0 0 8

0 0 l

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 1 1

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

id 13 4

id 13 4

0 0 5

16 13 4

0 0 9

0 1 6

0 4 1

0 9 2

0 2 2!

0 1 4

0 6 0

0 0 3

16 13 4

0 0 .5

29 8 0

Myrrh

Nutmegs

•-----Candied -

Nuts; viz.

-----Cafliew

-----Chelhuts -

—Piitachia Nuts

-----Small Nuts

-----Walnuts -

Nux Vomica

Oakum Oil; viz.

— of Almonds

N.

the lb.

the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

- the bushel

- the lb.

- - - the bushel

- - - the bushel

- - the lb.

zo

0

1

20

20

33

o

5 4 1 8

13 n

5 4 5 4

o o 3 7

2 11

16 13 o 1 o 18

16 13 16 13

20 5 4

2 1

2 11 1 o

0.

the cwt. the lb.

33

o

o

o

o

o

0 11

1 G

010

o © 6

29 8 o

025

028

046

>634

021

o 211 0011

021 o 1 1

29

o

o

o

o

o

8 o 1 3

o 5 o 11

0 7

1 4

006

0 <# 5

1. Schedule (A.)

Oil—continued.

— of Amber ----- the lb.

---Anniseed ----- the lb.

---Carraway Seeds - - - - tl

---Castor ----- the gallon

---Cinnamon - the oz. troy

---Cloves - the lb.

---Hempfeed - - the tun, qt. 252 ga

---Jcliamine ----- the lb.

---Juniper ----- the lb.

---Linlec.d - - the tun, qt, 252 ga

---M ace - the lb.

---Marjoram ----- tl

--- Nutmegs - the lb.

---Oran yes - - - - tl

the United Kingdom - the tun, qt. 252 ga -----in Foreign Shipping - tin

— Palm ----- the

— of Rapeseed - - the tun, qt. 252 ga

-----Rosemary ----- the lb.

— Salad Oil, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - the gallon

-----in Foreign Shipping - the gallon

— of Sail'afras - the lb.

— Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty - - the tun,

qt. 252 gallons

— of Thyme, ----- the lb.

-----Turpentine, or Spirits - - the 100 lbs.

-----Vitriol - - - for every 100 lbs

-----Walnuts ----- the gallon

— all other Oils, being chemical Oils, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 of the value

— Train Oil, or Blubber; viz.

Duty.

ing

_ of the United Kingdom - the tun, qt. 252 gallons - - - - of any other fort of Eishing

of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

— Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of Fishing of the United Kingdom - - the tun, qt. 252 gallons -----— - of Foreign Fishing, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

— Train Oil, or Fish Oil, of Eishing of the United Kingdom - - the tun, qt. 252 gallons

— Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish^Oil, of Foreign

Fishing - the tun, qt. 252 gallons

Oker, or Ochre - the bushel

Olibanum, or Incense - - - the cwt.

Olives - the hogshead of 63 gallons

- the bushel

Onions -Opium

Orange Flower Water Oranges - -

Orchal -Orchelia, or Archelia

the lb. the gallon the 1000 the cwt. the cwt.

Ore, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Dnty - - for every /. 100 of

the value

Orfedew, or Trolling - the lb.

P.

Pails or Kits of Wood - the dozen

Painters Colours, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every

£. 100 of the value Paintings on Glass - for every /. 100 of the value Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for

r, every £. 100 of the value

Paper; viz. J

-----blue, - the ream

And further - - for every 1 o lbs.

-----brown - - the bundle of two reams

And further - - for every lolbs.

*----- Gold Paper - - - the small grols

-----Hangings, whether printed, painted, stained,

or dyed - - for every square yard

-----Paste Boards, Mill Boards, und Scale Boards

for every cwt.

-----Pressing Paper - - the 100 leaves

-----And further - - for every 10 lbs.

----- of all other forts, whether plain, printed,

painted, stained, or dyed, and not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - '- - for every lb.

Parchment - the dozen of 12 sheets

Pear) or Hulled Barley, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

-----in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

Draw back.

Pears

dried

the bushel the bushel

£ . s. d. £■ '• d.

O 0 10 0 0 9

O 3 4 O 0 9

0 1 8 O 1 5

O 4 5 O 3 3

O 2 2 O 2 1.

O 5 6 O 3 6

9 7 0 8 1 0

0 1 7 0 1 0

0 0 1 —

16 10 10 *4 11 10

0 3 10 0 3 6

0 2 2 0 2 0

0 6 9 0 3 9

0 2 2 0 1 10

8 6 7 6 1 11

9 4 10 7 0 2

0 11 0 0 9 8

id 10 10 !3 1

0 1 3 0 1 I

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 1 2 0 1 0

0 1 6 0 l 0

8 16 0 G 16 0

0 0 2 0 2 0

0 19 c 0 18 9

0 2 0 —

0 2 2 0 l i 8

33 0 0 •29 f S

0 4 8 —

0 11 7 —

2 6 2

24 5 id lS 1

0 17 4 —

23 2 0 16 2 0

0 1 7 0 1 2

2 0 2 1 17 11

.*» j 10 9 0 IO 5

0 0 7 0 O 4

0 3 8 0 3 *2

0 2 0 0 1 8

0 13 7 0 9 3

0 6 11 0 5 2

0 5 6 0 0 6

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 2 2 0 1 6

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 1 2 0 1 0

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 8 6 0 4 8

0 0 6 0 0 5

1 2 0 0 *7 0

0 5 2 0 4 7

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 O 7 0 0 5

0 2 9 0 1 7

0 8 4 0 7 7

0 9 2 0 8 5

0 1 8 0 1 d

0 1 2 0 0 10

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

555

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

Pellitory ...... the lb.

Pencils for every £. loooof the value

Pens - fur every £. loo of the value

Pepper; viz.

-----black or white, of the East Indies - - the lb.

-----Cayenne ----- the lb.

-----■—Guinea ----- the lb.

-----— long ----- the lb.

Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or described, or utherwiie charged with Duty - - for every

£. loo of the value Pewter, old - - for every £. too of the value

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every

£. too of the value Picture Frames for every £. too of the value

Pictures - - for every £. too of the value

Pimento; viz.

-----of the British Plantations - - the lb.

• -----not of the British Plantations - the lb.

Pink Root - - for every £. loo of the value

Pitch; viz.

— of the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, the last of i*2 barrels, each barrel qt.^ji i

gallons

• -not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, impoited in Shipping of the Init^d Kingdom - the last of 12 barrels, each ban el not exceeding 31 \ gallons

-—-----in Foreign Shipping, the last of 12

barrels - each barrel not exceeding 31 ~ gallons

— Burgundy, or Rhinchuift - - the cwt.

Plants and Trees - for every £. 100 of the value Flatter of Paris ----- the cwt. Plate; viz.

-----of Gold wrought - for every £. 100 of the value

----- - further, for every oz.Troy thereof

-----of Silver gilt - for every £. 100 of the -value

----- - - - further - for every oz. Troy thereof

----- - part gilt, for every £. 100 of the value

— — ----- further - for every oz. Troy

thereof

— ----- -ungilt - for every £. 100 of the value

•—:----- - - further, for every oz. Troy thereof

Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every

£. 100 of the value And further - for every oz.Troy of Plate thereon

Platters of Wood the dozen

Platting or other Manufactures of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or liorfehair, to be uied in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets - for every £. too of the value

thereof

Pomatum ----- the lb.

Pomegranates - - - - the 1,000

-----Peels - - - - the cwt.

Pots; viz.

-----Melting Pots for Goldsmiths - - the 100

-----of Stone - - for every £. 100 of the value

Prints; viz.

• -----Paper - - for every £, 100 of the value

----- - - coloured - for every £. 1 o_o of the value

Printing Letters or Types - - |- the cwt.

Provisions (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or deienbed, or otherwise charged with Duty - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Fruneiloes - the lb.

Prunes; viz.

• ---imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the cwt.

----- - in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

Pfylliimi - - - the lb.

Q.

Quicksilver. or Argentum V ivum - - the lb.

Quinces ----- the 100

R.

the barrel

Raddle -

Radix; viz.

-----Enulae Campanm, or Efulae

----- Eringii -

-----I pec a co an lue ...

-----Serpentarue, or Snake-root

Railing; viz.

Belvidirc, imported in Shipping of tlicUnited Kingdom - - the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping - the cwt.

the cwt. the lb. the lb. - the lb.

Duty.

c- s. d. c s. d.

0 0 2 0 0 2

'20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 9 0 0 9

O 2 2 0 1 10

O 0 0 0 0 8

O 0 6 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 -9 8 0

33 0 0 29 S b

33 0 0 >9 8 0

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 0 4 0 0 3

33 0 0 *9 8 0

o 18 5

Drawback.

o 14 9

0 19 6 0 15 10

1 0 11 0 17 3

0 8 0 0 7 3

3 0 0 7 2

0 0 7 0 0 6

16 16 2 16 16 2

0 8 2 0 2 4

16 6 2 16* 6 2

0 1 2 0 0 9

16 6 2 iff 6 2

0 1 1 0 0 9

16 6 2 16 6 2

9 1 0 0 0 9

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 9 0 0 6

V

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 0 0 9

1 0 0 0 13 8

0 9 11 0 6 5

0 2 5 0 1 3

44 0 0 40 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 H 8 1 10 8

13 5 7 9 13 7

0 0 8 0 0 5

0 6 8 0 4 2

0 7 3 0 4 9

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 1 (] 0 1 3

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 9 11 0 9 11

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 2 7 0 2 3

0 2 c 0 1 11

0 H 0 0 13 4

0 n 0 15 7

1. Schedule (A.)

Raifins— continued.

Denia, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping - the cwt. Faro, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping - the cwt. Lexia, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the cwt.

- f - - - in Foreign Shipping - the cwt. Lipari, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping - the cwt.

Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping - the cwt.

Of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the cwt.

- - - in foreign Shipping, the cwt. Not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wife charged with Duty, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

- - imported in Foreign Shipping - the cwt.

Rape of Grapes - for every /. 100 of the value Razors - the dicker of 10 razors

Regulus - - the cwt.

Relina Jalappa* - - for every £. joo of the value

Rhubarb ----- the lb.

Ribband; viz.

-----of Silk - - the lb. qt. 16 oz.

-----of Gold or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. 16 oz.

Rice ----- the cwt.

Rosin; viz.

-----of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the

Crown of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

-----not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

-----^ - - imported in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

S.

for every £. 100 of the value the lb.

- the lb.

the lb.

- the lb.

the cwt.

- the lb.

the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Saccharum Saturni Safflower

Saffron -

Sago, whole or powdered Sal; viz.

-----Alkali -

-----Aminoniacus

-----Cornu Cervi

-----Glauber

-----Prunella

-----Succirti -

-----Tartari

-----Volatile Ammoniacus - for every £. 100 of the

value

Salep or Salop ----- the lb.

Salt; viz.

-----'White or Bay - - the bu/hel of 56 lbs.

Rock, the ton of 40 bushels, each bushel qt. 65 lbs

Saltpetre Sanguis Draconis -Sarlaparilla -Saftafras -

Saunders or Sanders Wood; viz.

-----Red -

-----White or Yellow

Scammony -Scoops of Wood -Scordium

Sea Cow Teeth -Sea Holly Roots Sea Ilori'e Teeth -Sea Morse Teeth

Seeds; viz.

Anniseed -Canary Seed -

Car raw ay -Carthumus -

(’lover - -

Cole -Coriander Cummin -Fennel -

Fenugreek

Garden Seed, or Forest merated or described,

Duty -I.ucern Seed Maw Millet -Muff aid -Onion

the cwt

- the lb. the lb.

the cwt.

the cwt. the lb.

- the lb. the dozen

the lb. the lb.* the cwt.

the lb. - the lb.

- - the cwt.

- the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- the lb.

- - - the cwt.

- the quarter of 8 bushels

the cwt. - the cwt.

- the lb.

- - - the cwt.

Seed, not particularly enu

or otherwise charged with the lb.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

Duty Drawback.

£■ s. d. £. s. d.

O H 8 0 13 4

O 16 10 0 *5 6

O H 0 0 13 4*

O 17 0 0 15 7

O 15 3 0 13 5

O 17 5 0 15 7

O 16 9 0 15 4

O 17 0 0 15 7

0 H 1 b 13 3

0 16 4 0 15 6

0 16 3 0 »3 6

0 18 5 0 *5 8

0 H 8 0 13 4

0 lG 11 0 15 7

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 9 0 6 2

O 9 11 0 6 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 9 0 2 l

7 3 0 7 O 6

8 9 1 8 1 I

0 10 4 0 9 8

0 2 5 0 2 1

0 3 10 0 3 6

0 4 0 0 3 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 4 8 0 3 5

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 1 3 0 1 2

0 lG 10 0 7 6

0 2 9 0 2 §

0 16 6 0 9 10

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 2 9 0 2 7

0 0 4 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 5 0 0 0

3 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 3 0 -0 0

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 1 1 0 1 0

0 4 0 0 3 4

0 8 3 0 -0 9

0 0 8 0 0 1

0 4 5 0 3 8

0 1 8 0 1 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 12 1 0 10 0

0 1 0 0 0 11

0 0 11 0 0 10

0 17 11 0 15 8

0 15 5 0 12 7

0 7 5 0 6 8

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 6 2 0 3 5

0 13 2 0 9 11

0 7 4 0 6 6

0 13 2 0 11 8

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 8 7 0 7 9

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 6 7 0 3 7

0 lG 6 0 12 9

0 3 10 0 2 10

0 2 4 0 1 10

0 18 7 0 13 4

Appendix, (No. 22.)

3* Martii,

continued.

Appendix, (No. 22.) 3* Marta, continued,

U y, i

556

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c. continued.

1. Schedule (A.)

- the lb.

- the quarter of 8 bushels

Seeds—continued.

Pioni or Peoni

Rape - .

Worm - - - - " the lb.

u_____ not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being Drugs, - for every £. 100 of the value

8enna - * *. lb.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) - - for every £. 100 of the value

Shovels of Wood, unfhod - - - the dozen

Shroff, or Old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured,

the cwt.

Shumac, or Sumac - - - the cwt.

Silk; viz.

______. Knubs or Husks of Silk - - the lb. of 21 oz.

-----Organzine - the lb. of 16 oz.

-----Raw, of Turkey - the lb. of 24 oz.

______- of any other Country, except His Majesty’s

Colonies or Plantations, the lb. of 24 oz. .. - - of the Plantations - - the lb. of 24 oz.

— — Thrown, dyed - the lb. of 16 oz.

______ ... undyed - the lb. of 16 oz.

—— Waste Silk, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Doty, the lb. of 16 oz.

-----Worm Gut - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Wrought, mixed with Gold or Silver, or both,

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. of 16 oz. *■ — Manufactures, all other, whether of Silk only or mixed with any other Materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb, of 16 oz. Skeets for Whitfters - - - - the Ikeet

Skins; viz.

Badger Skins, undressed - - - the (kin

Bear, undressed ----- the skin

- - any other colour, undressed - - the skin

Beaver, undressed, or Indian, half dressed, of the

British Colonies or Plantations, the skin

- - - not of the British Plantations - the skin

- - - if dressed in Oil, a further Duty for every lb.

Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the dozen

- - - imported in Foreign Shipping - the dozen

* - - tanned ----- the lb.

- - - if dressed in Oil, a further Duty for every lb.

Cat, undressed - - - - the 100 skins

Coney, undressed - the dozen skins

Cordivant, dressed, of Spain - - the dozen

----- of Turkey - - the dozen

Deer, undressed - the skin

- - dressed - the skin

- - Indian, half dressed or shaved - - the skin Dog in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the dozen skins

- - , - imported in Foreign Shipping - the dozen

Dog Fiffi, undressed - - the dozen skins

Elk Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

way dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the skin

- - - imported in Foreign Shipping - the skin

Ermine or Armin, undressed - the timber of 40 skins Fisher, undressed - the skin

Fitches, undressed - - the timber of 40 skins

fox, undressed ...... the skin

- - Tails - - for every £. 100 of the value

Goat Skins; viz.

- - - - raw or undressed, if imported in Shipping

of the United Kingdom - the dozen

* - - - imported in Foreign Shipping, the dozen

- - - - tanned - the dozen

- - - - if dressed in Oil, a further Duty for every lb.

Hare, undressed - the 120 skins

Iluffe, undressed ----- the skin Kid in the Hair - - - - the 100 skins

- - dressed ----- the 100 skins

Lamb, undressed, in the Wool - - the 120

- - - dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal - the 100

- - - dressed in Oil - - - - the 100

...... and further - - for every lb.

- - - Slink, undressed, in the Wool - the 120

Leopard, undressed - - - - the skin

Lion, undressed - the skin

Marton, or Martron, undressed, the timber of 40 skins

- - - Tails, undressed - the 120

Minever ...... the mantle

Mink, undressed - - the timber of 40 skins

- - tawed - the timber yf 40 skins

Duty.

Drawback.

£■ s. d. £• 8. d.

O 0 Q O O 2

O , 5 0 O 3 7

O 1 2 O 1 1

20 5 4 l6 13 4

O 1 3 O 1 1

5 0 0 0 0 0

0 3 4 O 2 7

0 12 10 O xo 2

0 3 1 O 2 3

0 0 6 O O 5

0 3 8 O 2 11

0 2 6 O 1 11

0 2 7 O 1 11

0 0 9 0 O 1

0 9 1 0 8 - 4

0 6 4 0 5 7

0 0 6 0 0 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

7 J3 9 7 11 2

5 13 4 5 11 2

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 11 0 0 9

0 7 7 0 6 7

0 8 4 0 7 4

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 t 1 0 0 11

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 2 0 0 0

0 4 2 0 3 0

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 16 4 0 H 1

0 0 7 0 0 5

1 2 0 0 16 10

0 19 6 0 16 7

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 0 10

0 3 9 0 2 9

0 0 8 0 0 0

0 1 0 0 0 4

0 16 1 0 H 7

0 2 0 0 1 10

0 6 8 0 5 0

0 0 9 0 0 6

33 O' 0 *9 8 0

0 1 10 0 0 2

0 9 0 0 7 4

2 8 9 2 5 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 4 6 0 1 6

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 1 0 0 0

1 17 6 1 13 8

0 7 10 0 4 0

1 2 6 0 l9 6

2 12 10 2 0 10

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 2 7 0 1 11

0 10 2 0 9 1

-0 4 2 0 3 9

3 16 10 3 12 6

0 13 6 0 13 2

0 4 7i 0 4 O

1 14 4 1 2 10

1 19 9 1 9 9

1. Schedule (A.)

Skins—continued.

Mole, undressed -Moose, undressed -Mufquafh, undressed -Otter, undressed -Ounce, undressed -Panther, undressed Pelts of Goats, undressed ----- dressed - - of all other forts, undressed

Racoon, undressed -Sable, undressed

- the dozen

- the skin the 100 skins

- the fxin the fkiiv

the skin

- the dozen - the dozen

- the 100 the 100 skins

- the skin

- Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed - the piece Seal in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or any way dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the skin

- - - imported in Foreign Shipping - the skin

Sheep, undressed, in the Wool - the dozen skins

- - - dressed in Oil, tanned, or tawed, the dozen skins

- - - and further as dressed in Oil, for every 10 lbs. Squirrel or Calabar, undressed, the timber of 40 skins

- ----- tawed - the timber of 40 skins

----- Tails - for every £. 100 of the

value

Swan, undressed - the skin

Tyger, undressed - the skin

Weasel, undressed - the 120 skins

Wolf, undressed ----- the skin

- - tawed ----- the skin

Wolverings, undressed - - - - the skin

And also such of the Skins hereinbefore enumerated, except those particularly provided for, shall be subject to the following further Duties; viz.

If tanned - for every 10 lbs.

If dressed in Oil - * - for every lb.

And pieces of Skins, undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the value And pieces of Skins, whether tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the value And further, if tanned - for every 1 o lbs. - - - - if drelfed in Oil - - the lb.

Slate Pencils - - for every £. too of the value

Snuff - - - the lb.

Soap; viz.

-----Hard ----- the cwt.

-----Soft, or Black Soap, for every £. 100 of the value

Spa Ware - - for every £. 100 of the value

Spelter ----- the cwt.

Spermaceti; viz.

-----Fine ----- the lb.

Spirits; viz.

Arquebusade - - - * the gallon

Arrack ----- the gallon

Brandy, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the gallon

...... in Foreign Shipping - the gallon

Citron Water ----- the gallon

Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the gallon Geneva, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the gallon

----- in Foreign Shipping - the gallon

Hungary Water - the gallon

Lavender Water - - - - the gallon

Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations - the gallon Rum, not of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the gallon

And for every gallon of Spirits called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty for such Spirits to be paid in proportion to the Duties payable upon Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which it shall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.

—- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - the gallon

Duty - — Drawback.

£■ 8. d. £■ 8. d.

O O 4 O 0 3

0 4 1 0 3 7

1 0 4 0 18 3

O 2 5 0 I 11

O 5 4 0 4 8

O 8 4 0 7 3

O 2 2 0 1 10

O 3 10 0 3 7

O 12 4 0 10 11

1 10 2 0 19 4

O 4 5 0 3 10

O 0 9 0 0 7

O 0 2 0 0 0

O 0 10 0 0 8

O 1 10 0 1 5

O 6 5 0 6 3

O 0 6 0 0 6

O 3 4 0 2 7

O 4 5 0 3 1

33 0 0 29 8 Or

0 1 6 0 l 3

0 5 0 0 3 9

0 4 2 0 1 6

0 8 10 0 7 2

0 12 4 0 11 0

0 5 0 0 4 8

0 1 2 0 1 2

0 0 3 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 2 0 1 2

0 0 3 0 0 3

•20 5 4 16 13 4

0 1 11. 0 1 10

1 5 3 1 2 9

3 19 2 0 7 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 16 6 0 12 9

0 1 6 0 1 5

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 9 i 0 8 10

0 10 1 0 9 10

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 9 0 0 8 ia.

0 10 0 0 9 10

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 7 3 0 7 1

0 10 0 0 9 10

Spirits of Hartshorn Sponge -Spouts of Wood -Squills Starch Stavefacre -Steel; viz.

-----Gad Steel -

-----Long Steel -

-----Wisp -

Stockings; viz. -----Cotton -

- for every £. 100 of the value the lb.

- for every £. 100 of the value

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

• the cwt.

• the cwt.

• the cwt.

- for every £. 100 of the value

0 9 3 0 9 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 3 0 0 u

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 3 4 0 3 4

0 12 10 0 11 7

0 16 8 0 12 0

0 11 0 0 9 0

0 6 8 0 4 10

0 6 11 0 4 n

44 0 0 4° 8

44 Geo. lit.

Appendix.

557 - r

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued

l. Schedule (A.)

Emery Stones -Filtering Stones Flag Stones -Flint for Potters Grinding Stones Marble Blocks

Stockings—continued.

-----Thread or Worded - for every £. 100 oi

ihe value

Stones; viz.

Blood Stones * the lb

Burrs for Mill Stones - the

Dog Stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, above fix and under twelve inches in thickness,

the lad of three pail - s the cwt. - for every £. 100 of the value - the 100 feei

- the ton of 20 cwt. - - - the c hah lei

for every £. loo of the value Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or if 12 inches in thickness or upwards - the piece

Pomice Stones - the ton of 20 cwt.

Quern, under 3 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness - the lad of 3 pair - - - 3 feet in diameter, and not above 4 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness - the lad of 3 pair

Sculptured Marble, or Stone or Statuary - for every

£. 100 of the value Slates in Frames, not exceeding 12 inches in length,

the dozen

Slates in Frames, exceeding 12 inches in length,

the dozen

Slick - the 100 dories

AWiet - - - the 100 fumes

Storax or Sty rax; vizy

—:-----Calaniitu -

•----- Liquid* -

Stutfs of ail torts made

- the lb.

■ - - - the lb.

of or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described, or other wise charged with Duty - the yard

And betides, if mixed with Silk - for every lb.

qt. id oz.

Snccades or Succards ----- the lb.

Succus Liquoritite, or Liquorice Ball or Juice, the cwt.

Sugar; viz.

—7 refined - the cwt.

— White, of the British Plantations - the cwt.

— - - not of the British Plantations - the cwt. —— Muscovado and Brown, of the British Plantations - the cwt.

— ----- not of the British Plantations - the cwt.

— of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the

J£aft indies, having been imported into England by the Company of Merchants of England trading to the halt Indies, for every £. 100 of the value thereof, British Currency, according to the gross Price at which such Sugar shall have been publicly sold at the East India Company's Sale in London

-----and further - - for every cwt. of such Sugar

-----Candy, brown - the cwt.

----- - - white - - - - the cwt.

Sugar Moulds - the 100

Sulphur Vivum the cw t.

Sword Blades; viz.

-- line -

— coarse -

the dozen - the dozen

T.

- - - - the lb.

- theib. the cwt.

- the lb. for every £. too of the value for every £. 100 of the value

- - - - the lb.

Talc; viz.

----- green

-----white

Tallow -Tamarinds Tanners Wade -Tapestry, not of Silk Tapioca

Tar; viz.

— of the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the last of i a barrels, each barrel not exceeding 311 gallons

—■ - not being the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crowm of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the lad of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31J gallons imported in Foreign Shipping - the lad of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31- gallons - the lb.

• for every £. 100 of the value - - - - the bushel

"—- Barbadoes Tares T arras

VOL. 59.

O 13 2

Duty. Drawback.

c s. d. £■ s. d.

0 0 40 8 0

0 2 0 O 1 8

1 9 1 O 9 7

0 18 2 O 11 10

0 1 1 O 1 0

JO 5 4 16 13 4

0 id 6 O 8 9

0 1 1 O 1 1

0 4 2 O 3 5

20 5 4 l6 13 4

O 19 6 O 7 5

*2 0 5 O 11 3

O 7 8 O 5 3

1 9 11 1 5 1

33 0 0 -9 8 0

0 1 1 0 0 10

0 2 2 0 1 11

0 15 6 0 15 1

0 3 0 0 2 8

0 1 2 0 1 1

0 0 9 0 0 7

0 7 7 0 5 10

5 ! 1 8 5 11 8

0 1 n 0 1 0

2 3 5 1 19 11

5 19 l 5 19 1

1 7 9 1 7 9

2 16 5 2 16 5

1 3 10 0 0 0

1 17 7 1 17 7

45 1 2 45 1 2

0 5 2 0 5 2

3 19 2 3 19 2

5 *9 2 5 19 2

0 13 2 0 11 4

0 9 11 0 9 0

0 12 6 0 9 5

0 8 4 0 6 3

0 0 9 0 0 7

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 0 4 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 4 0 0 3

O 10

0 H 7 0 11 8

0 15 5 0 12 6

0 0 3 0 O 3

»3 5 7 9 13 7

0 0 6 0 O 4

Schedule (A.)

Tiles;

Tea; ijz.

-----imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India Company in London, at a price not exceeding 2 4'. 6d. British the lb. - for every £. 100 of the value thereof, according to such price

-----imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India Company in London, at a price exceeding 2s. 6d. British theib. - for every £. 100 of

the value

Tcafels ----- the 1,000

Telescopes - - for every £. 100 of the value

Terra Japonica - - for every £. 100 of the value

----- Umbra ----- the cvyt;

-----Verda - - for every £. 100 of the value

Thermometers - - for every £. 100 of the value

Thread; viz.

-----Bruges or Bridges - - the dozen lbs.

-----Cotton - - for every £. 100 of the value

- Gold und Silver Thread - - per lb.

- Outnal - - - - the dozen lbs.

- Pack Thread - the 100 lbs.

- Sifters Thread - the lb.

Whited brown Thread - - the dozen lbs.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or

other wise charged with Duty - for every

£. 100 of the value

viz.

Flanders Tiles - - - the 1,000

-----Galley or Gulley Tiles - - the square foot

----- Pan ----- the 1,000

-----Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 inches square,

the 1,000

—— - - - - exceeding 10 inches square - the

1,000

-----Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value Tin, unwrought ----- the cwt.

-----Foil - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tobacco, unmanufactured, of the growth or production of His Majestys Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories in America - for

even’ lb.

-----if imported by Strangers, or by any Law

now of force be subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every lb. thereof

■ -----— Pipes ----- per gross

Tooth Powder - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tornfal or Turnsole - the cwt.

Tortoise Shell - - the lb.

Toys, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100

of the value

Trays of Wood - the lliock of 60

Trenchers of Wood - - the gross of 12 dozen

Truffles - - - the lb.

Tubs of Wood not bound with Iron - - the dozen

Turmeric ----- the lb.

Turnery, nut particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100

of the value

Turpentine, common - the cwt.

----- of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus - - the lb.

-----of Germany, or any other place, not being common, and not otherwise enumerated or described - - the cwt.

Twine ----- the cwt.

Twill of Cotton of all kinds - for every £. 100 of

the value the lb. qt. 16 oz.

of Gold, or Silver, or both -

Valonia ----- the cwt.

Varniih ----- the cwt.

Vases of any fort than Stone or Marble - for every

£. 100 of the value Vellum - - * - - - - the (kin

Verdigris; viz.

-----common

-----chryllallized

Vermicelli -

Vermillion or Cinnabar Vinegar or Verjuice -Vinelloes -

W.

Watch Glades - - for every £. 100 of the value

Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal - for every

£. 100 of the value

----- and further, for every ounce Troy of Gold or

Silver thereon

7c

the lb. - the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

the tun qt. 252 gallons the lb.

Duty.

Drawback.

£- s. d. s. d.

25 17 0 22 7 0

42 7 10 38 17 10

0 0 3 O 0 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 7 11 0 6 2

20 5 4 l6 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

1 1 10 0 14 0

44 0 0 40 8 0

6 5 0 6 3 2

0 19 4 0 15 3

0 17 8 0 15 4

0 6 8 0 4 9

0 8 3 0 7 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 6 5 0 11 1

0 0 4 0 0 3

1 5 4 1 2 6

1 2 7 1 0 0

1 15 9 1 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 *7 7 0 13 7

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 8 0 0 S

0 0 1 0 0 1

0 1 6 0 1 1

33 0 0 29 8 ct

0 10 8 0 10 8

0 1 5 0 1 Q

33 0 0 29 8 O

0 4 5 0 4 O

0 1 1 0 0 8

0 2 2 0 1 11

0 1 1 0 0 9

0 0 4 0 0 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 3 3 0 3 2

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 16 6 0 13 9

0 H 4 0 11 1

44 0 0 40 8 0

7 8 6 5 H 9

0 1 0 0 0 1

0 12 5 0 11 8

33 O 0 29 8 0

0 1 10 0 1 9

0 O 10 0 0 9

0 1 7 0 1 6

0 O 4 0 0 3

0 1 6 0 1 2

10 J5 3 8 15‘ 7

0 6 7 0 5 9

83 16 5 80 4 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 9, 0 0 9

Appendix, (No. 22.) 3® Mar titt continued.

558

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 22.)

3* Mart continued.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)

Water, mineral or natural Water - the dozen bottles or flasks, each bottle or fialk not exceeding 3 pints Wax, Bees; viz. Unmanufactured - - the cwt.

.-----White or manufactured, not otherwise described,

the cwt.

— Hard - - - - the lb.

—— Myrtle or Bay - - - . the lb.

Weld ...... the cwt.

Whale Fins or Whale Bone, of Foreign Fishing - the

ton of *20 cwt.

-----of Fishing of the United Kingdom, and imported in Shipping thereof.

the ton of 20 cwt.

WhipCord - ...... the lb.

Wicker Ware - - for every £. 100 of the value

Wine; viz.

French, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, tilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons

• - - imported in Foreign Shipping, tilled - the

tun qt. 25-2 gallons

- ----- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled the tun qt. 25a gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, umilled,

the tun qt. 252 gallons

Madeira, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, tilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons in Foreign Shipping, fiiied - the

tun qt 252 gallons ----- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, umilled,

the tun qt. 252 gallon*

Portugal, Spanish, and Canary Wines, and all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Naples,

- - - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled - the tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, tilled - the

tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unJilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons

• ----- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled,

the tun qt. 252 gallons

Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wines,

- - - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, tilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, tilled - the

tun qt. 252 gallons in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled,

the tun qt. 252 gallons

—— not otherwise enumerated or described,

- - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled - the tun qt. 252 gallons

- - in Foreign Shipping, fiiied - the

tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - the tun qt. 252 gallons ----- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled,

the tun qt. 252 gallons

Wire; viz.

Brass or Copper - - - - the cwt.

Gilt or Plated - for every £. 100 of ti e value

----- and for every 0z. Troy of Gold or

Silver thereon

Iron ----- the cwt.

Latten - - - - the cwt.

Silver or Gold - - for every £. 100 of the value

, And further for every oz. Troy thereof Steel ----- the lb.

Virginal, Brass, or Copper - the lb.

- - - Iron ----- the lb.

—— of any other fort, not particularly enumerated

or defenbed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value Woad, green Woad - the cwt.

-----Thouloufe Woad - - - - thectvt.

Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - . - each

4 - - - - imported in Foreign Shipping, each

• - - - - of the produce of the British Plantations - - - each

Balk, being 5 inches square, and und?r 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwaiiia, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120

Duty. Drawback. l. Schedule (A.) Duty. Drawback*

£. s. d. £. s. d. Wood—continued. £■ s. d. C s. d.

Balk, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

' 0 0 9 0 2 7 length, the 120,

1 lb 7 1 10 10 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 0 0 10 3

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 126 1 1 4 O 12 7

2 4 3 1 17 0 — - of all,forts, under 8 inches square, of the

O 0 0 0 0 6 growth and production of the British Co-

0 0 6 0 0 4 ionics and Plantations in America - for

0 2 0 0 1 2 every 120 0 11 0 0 0

Battens, being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet in

132 O 0 13c > 5 0 length, and not exceeding 7 inches in

breadth, nor 21 in thickncU, the 120,

Imported 111 Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 s 10 o 6 10

1 13 c 1 11 3 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 11 0 0 8 8

0 O 4 0 0 3 - - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

20 5 4 ib 13 4 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 .9 6 0 7 4

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 11 10 0 9 7

- - - 3{ inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 10 1 0 7 0

75 0 11 70 16 11 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 12 7 0 10 2

- - - 4 inches in thickness,

77 9 11 73 5 11 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the 120 0 10 10 0 8 6

7° 3 7 55 19 7 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 - - - 4* inches in thickness, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 2 0 10 8

7* 8 6 08 4 6 0 11 6 0 9 1

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 13 11 0 11 s

49 <6 - - - being 12 feet in length and under 14 feet in

3 16 5 0 5 length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2^ inc hes, the 120,

47

50 b 5 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 10 3 0 7 11

46 c 17 q - - - in Foreign Shipping - the i20 0 12 6 0 10 2

4 2 O *• - - 3 in thickness, the 120,

47 7 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 11 4 0 8 7

9 7 44 0 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 13 2 0 10

• - - 3f inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 12 1 0 9 3

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 *4 0 0 11 9

- - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

48 0 4 45 18 4 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 12 10 0 9 11

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 H 10 0 12 4

49 13 8 47 11 8 - - - 4.] inches in thickness, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 7 0 10 8

44 17 *7 / 42 15 7 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 15 8 0 13 4

6 - - - being 14 feet in length and under 16 feet in

46 6 44 4 6 length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in thickness 2$ inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120

37 10 S1 3* 10 2 0 0 11 H 9 8 0 0 9 u 0 7

39 34 10 10 - - - being three inches in thickness, the 120,

5 4 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 12 8 0 9 9

34 17 r 3o - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 15 7 0 12 0

u 3 0 - - inches in thickness, the 120,

36 8 3i H Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 5 0 10 0

9 3 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 10 6 0 *3

• - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 14 4 0 11 3

35 4 6 33 2 6 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the J2o 0 17 7 0 H s

- - 4i inches in thickness, the 120,

37 2 7 35 O i Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 15 3 0 12 0

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 19 1 0 15 5

3* IO 1 30 8 1 - - being 16 feet and under 18 feet in length,

not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor

34 4 10 32 2 10 exceeding in thickness inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 12 6 0 10 1

2 1 11 1 11 6 - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 15 5 0 12 10

33 0 0 29 8 0 * - being 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 5 0 10 11

0 0 9 0 0 9 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 10 6 0 14 0

4 8 7 3 19 6 «■ - - 3- inches in thickness, the 120, v Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

1 19 11 1 11 3 0 14 4 0 11 9

20 5 4 16 13 4 - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 17 11 0 15 1

0 0 9 0 0 9 - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

0 1 1 0 1 0 Imported in Shipping of the U nited Kingdom 0 15 3 0 12 7

0 1 5 0 1 4 - - * in Foreign Shipping - 0 19 5 0 16 2

0 1 6 0 1 5 - - - 4~ inches in thickness, the 12*,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 n 0 13 4

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 I 0 2 0 17 1

33 0 0 29 8 0 * - being 18 feet and not exceeding 20 feet in

0 2 7 0 1 9 length, and not exceeding 7 inches in

0 4 5 0 3 5 breadth, nor in thickness 2i inches, the

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 14. 2 0 11 3

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 ib 4 0 H 4

0 1 7 0 0 11 *• - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

0 1 S 0 1 0 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 15 0 0 12 1

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 17 7 0 15 5

0 0 — / 0 0 0 - - - 31 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 o\ 0 >3 2

- - - in i oieign Shipping - the 120 0 is 8j 0 lb 7

- - - 4inches in thickness, the 120,

2 11 11 1 0 1: Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 lb 1° , 0 14 5

2 lb 1 1 5 7 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 I 0 0 I 0 [ 17 i*

U Geo. III.

Appendix*

559

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Waies, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A ) Duty. Drawback. 1. Schedule (A.) Duty. Drawback.

Woo d—contin ucd. £ s. d £. s. d. Wood— continued. r d , ’• *• d.

Battens, Ah inches in thickness, the i2o# Boards; Clap Boards, or Clap Holt, of the growth and

Imported in ‘"hipping of the United Kingdom O 18 c O 14 11 production of the British Colonies and Plan-

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 1*20 I 1 1 0 19 4 tations in America, - - the 120 O 8 3 Q > 0 9

- - - exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceed- - - - Linn Boards, or White Boards for SLoc

ing 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness makers, 4 feet in length, and under 6

2'J inches, the 1*20, inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 17 0 0 14 1 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 18 f. I 3 6

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 1 5 0 17 11 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 12c 2 4 0 1 9 0

• - 3 inches in thickness, the 120, - - - being 4 feet in length, and in thick-

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 18 3 0 15 1 ness 6 inches,

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 2 9 0 19 5 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

- - 3l inches in thickness, the 120, the 120 3 17 0 2 7 0

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 19 4 0 16 3 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 4 8 0 3 18 0

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 4 0 1 0 9 - - - Oak under 2 inches in thickness, and under

- - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120, , 15 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 1 5 0 18 1 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 5 8 0 18 4

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 5 10 1 2 4 - - - in Foreign Shipping - 1 10 8 1 3 4

• - - 4J inches in thickness, the 120, - - under 2 inches in thickness, and 15 feet in

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 2 2 0 18 8 ' length or upwards, the 120,

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 8 O 1 4 4 Imported iii Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 13 9 1 3 1

- - - of the growth and production of the British x - - - in Foreign Shipping - - i 19 7 1 9 1

Colonies and Plantations in America, - - - Paling hewed on the one tide, not exceeding

the 120 0 5 6 0 0 6 7 feet in length, the 120,

Batten Ends, being under 5 feet in length, not ex- Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 11 0 1 5

ceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thick- - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 3 4 0 1 10

ness 2$ inches, the 120, - - - exceeding 7 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 1 10 0 1 8 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 5 8 0 2 0

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 2 4 0 2 2 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 6 3 0 2 7

* - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120, Pipe, about 5 feet 3 inches in length and not ex-

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 0 0 1 10 ceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 fnches

• - - in Foreign* Shipping - nhe 120 0 2 7 0 2 5 square, the 120,

• - - - 3\ inches in thickness, the 120, Imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 10 0 4 7

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 2 0 1 11 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 17 8 0 5 5

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 2 9 0 2 6 - - exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches

«• - - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120, square, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 5 0 2 2 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 18 2 0 7 10

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 2 11 0 2 8 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 19 3 0 8 11

• * - - 4$ inches in thickness, the 12a, - of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 7 0 2 3 length, and under 8 inches square, of the

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 3 1 0 2 10 growth and produceof the British Colonies

♦ - - - being 5 and under 8 feet in length, not and Plantations in America - the 120 0 6 7 0 0 7

exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor f - - Wainscot, -the foot, containing 12 feet in

in thickness 2J inches, the 120, length, and one inch in thickness, and so

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 61 1 0 2 3 in proportion for any greater or less length

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the ido 0 3 1 0 2 10 or thickness,

• - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 0 7 0 0 3

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 9 0 2 5 - - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 0 8 0 0 4

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 3 5 0 3 1 - - - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

• - 3^ inches in thickness, the 120, described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 3 1 0 2 7 being of the growth and produce of the

• - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 3 8 0 3 4 British Colonies and Plantations in Ame-

m - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120, rica ----- the 120 0 3 4 0 0 3

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 3 5 0 1 10 Boxwood, the ton, of 20 cwt.

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 4 0 0 3 6 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 2 8 8 1 9 5

mm - 4} inches in thickness, the 120, - - - in Foreign Shipping - 2 11 5 1 12 2

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 3 8 0 3 0 - - - of the British Colonies, Plantations, of Set-

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 4 5 0 4 0 tlements, in America or Africa, - the ton •

♦ - - of all forts of the growth and production of 20 cwt. 1 1 2 0 1 9

of the British Colonies and Plantations in Brazil or Fernambucco Woed - the ton of 20 cwt. 3 3 3 0 5 9

Aiherica - - - - the 120 0 5 6 0 0 6 Brazilletto or Jamaica - - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 11 3 0 10 3

Beech Plank, being 2 inches in thickness or upwards, Cam Wood - the ton of 20 cut. 1 5 8 0 2 4

the load of 50 cubic feet, Deals, being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet in

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 7 8 0 4 8 length, and not exceeding 2J inches in •

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 9 0 0 5 6 thickness, the 120,

• of the growth or production of the British Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 H 6 0 13 3

Colonies or Plantations in America, - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 0 19 3 0 17 1

the 120 0 3 4 0 0 4 - - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

- - Quarters, being 5 inches and under 8 inches Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 15 9 0 14 4

square the 120, - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 0 6 0 15

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 7 4 0 18 8 - - - 3f inches in thickness, the 120,

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 1 15 2 1 3 7 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 17 1 0 15 7

• - being under 5 inches square - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 1 10 0 17 10

the 120, - - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 15 3 0 9 11 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 18 4 0 16 8

• - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 17 7 0 12 3 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 3 3 1 1 2

• - 4J incites in thickness, the 120,

of the growth and production of the British Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 19 7 0 17 8

Colonies and Plantations in America, - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 5 8 1 2 8

the 120 0 11 0 0 1 0 - - being 12 feet in length, under 14 feet in

Boards; Barrel the 120, length, and not exceeding 2^ inches in

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 15 5 0 H 7 thickness, the 120,

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 16 6 0 15 0 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16: 10 0 15 5

• Beech, under 2 inches in thickness, and under - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 1 2 0 19 9

15 feet in length, the 120, - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 S 0 9 3 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 18 1 0 l6 10

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 18 2 0 11 11 - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 2 ] 11 1 O 6

- - - 3J inches in thickness, the 120,

feet in length and upwards, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 19 3 0 18 f

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 17 1 0 11 7 - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 4 7 1 3 1

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 1 0 11 0 13 2 - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

m a - Clap Boards, or Clap Holt, not exceeding Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 0 5' 0 19 3

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 6 3, 1 5 9

inches square, the 120, - - - 4$ inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 17 l 9 3 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 1 8 1 0 8

- * - in Foreign Shipping - - - 0 17 0 0 9 11 * . - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120 1 8 1 1 3 9

Appendix,

(No. 22.)

3* M

continued.

<-----

Appendix, (No. 22.) 3* Martii, continued.

y-----

560

Appendix

A. 1S04.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, kc.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)


Wood -continued.

Deals, being 14 feet in length, and under 16 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2A indies, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ' - - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120

---3 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping - the 120

--34 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

* - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - 4 in Foreign Shipping -

---being 16 feet in length, and under 18 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2-inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

• - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

• - - 3j inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

* - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4J inches in thickneis, the 120,

• Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 18 feet in length, and not exceeding

20 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2J inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

-•-3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 31 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

*• - 4I inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- exceeding 20 feet in length and not exceeding 25 leet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2£ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

• - - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -----in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 3j- inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - — in Foreign Shipping -• - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - - in Foreign Shipping -

• * - 4J inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

--exceeding 25 feet in length and under 30 feet

in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2.4 inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 3 inches in thickness,'the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 3J inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- ---in Foreign Shipping -

• - - 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -4f inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - — in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 30 feet and upwards in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2$ inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping r

* 3 inches in ihickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

Duty Drawback.

£■ s. d. £■ d.

O 19 7 O *7 6

I 5 6 I 2 10

I 1 1 0 19 l

1 7 4 I 4 8

I 2 11 1 0 6

I 8 4 1 6 7

1 4 9 1 2 0

1 10 5 1 6 9

1 6 5 1 3 6

1 13 2 1 10 4

1 2 7 O 19 11

1 8 1 1 3 1

1 5 10 I 1 9

1 10 i° 1 7 9

1 8 t 1 3 4

1 *3 "T / 1 9 10

1 10 3 1 5 0

1 16 4 1 12 1

1 12 5 1 6 7

1 1 1 H 3

1 4 9 1 2 1

1 9 8 1 8 2

1 6 11 1 3 11

1 11 H 1 10 6

1 9 2 1 5 11

1 H 8 1 12 2

1 11 4 1 8 7

I 16 10 1 *5 2

1 13 7 1 9 7

2 i 3 1 18 5

1 9 8 1 7 7

1 17 5 1 15 5

1 11 11 1 9 9

2 0 fe 1 18 3

1 H l 1 12 1

2 3 5 2 i 1

1 16 4 1 H 6

2 5 1 2 4 0

1 18 6 1 16 9

2 8 n 2 7 10

1 16 4 1 13 2

2 5 8 2 2 6

1 19 1 1 15 10

2 10 1 2 6 1

2 1 10 1 18 11

2 13 11 2 9 7

2 4 7 2 2 7

2 »7 2 2 13 1

2 7 10 2 4 3

3 1 7 2 17 9

2 2 11 1 18 11

2 15 0 2 9 10

2 6 2 2 1 10

3 0 6 2 13 11

t. Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued,

Deals, 3.4 inches in thickness, the t2o.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -----in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - — in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4} inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - - - in Foreign Shipping -

Deal Ends, being under 5 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2t] inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 3 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - - — in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 3A inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- - in Foreign Shipping -

- - * being 4 inches in thickneis, the 120,

Imported in Shipping <if the United Kingdom

-----in Foreign Shipping -

---4A inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

-----in Foreign Shipping -

---be ng 5 and under 8 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickneis 2^ inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— -----in Foreign Shipping -

---3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 34 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

----- - in Foreign Shipping -

---4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— -----in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 44 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - and Deal Ends of all forts, of the growth or

production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 Ebony of the growth or production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in •Africa or America - - the ton of 20 cwt.

- - - of any other country or place - - the ton

Fire Wood, the Fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet

hiSh* . ...

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping - the fathom

- - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame-

rica ----- the fathom

Fir Quarters, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

-----in Foreign Shipping -

---being 5 inches square and under 8 inches square,

if 24 feet or upwards in length, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - — in Foreign Shipping -

---of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the growth

or production of the British Colonies or Plantations - the 120

Fustick - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Uandfpikes, under 7 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -----in Foreign Shipping - ’ -

- - - of the growth or production of the British Co-

ionics or Plantations in America - the 120

- - - being 7 feet in length and upwards, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - — in Foreign Shipping -

---of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America - the 120

Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the 120

— — - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 5 and under 8 inches square, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— - — in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the growth

or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America - the 120

* - - above 8 inches square, the load of 50 cubic

feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

• - - of the growth or production of the British Co-

ionics or Plantations in America - the load of 50 cubic feet

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £■ a. <L

2 9 6 2 5 2

3 4 11 2 16 11

3 13 4 3 10 6

3 9 4 3 0 4

2 17 2 2 11 9

3 17 0 3 7 9

0 3 8 0 3 4

0 4 5 0 3 8

0 4 0 0 3 7

0 5 4 0 4 8

0 4 5 0 3 11

0 6 0 0 5 2

0 4 11 0 4 2

0 6 5 0 5 6

0 5 6 0 4 6

0 7 2 0 6 2

0 4 IO 0 4 5

0 6 3 0 5 9

0 5 4 0 4 10

0 6 9 0 6 2

0 5 8 0 5 2

0 7 4 0 6 8

0 6 3 0 5 7

0 7 8 0 7 1

0 6 9 0 5 11

0 8 10 0 7 9

0 5 6 0 0 4

0 H 0 0 0 0

8 16 0 8 3 9

0 2 3 0 1 8

0 2 9 0 2 2

0 0 7 0 0 1

0 12 1 0 9 7

0 15 5 0 12 1

1 4 2 0 18 4

1 10 10 1 3 5

0 11 0 0 1 0

0 16 C 0 1 4

0 3 8 0 2 4

0 3 9 0 2 5

0 1 6 0 0 2

0 5 10 0 4 6

0 6s 7 0 S 3

0 2 9 0 0 3

0 3 9: 0 1 4

0 4 11 1° 2 6

0 >7 0 1 0 5 5

0 18 2 0 6 9

> 0 5 6; ! 0 0 6

0 5 1 6; 0 2 10

0 6 1\ 0 3 8

0 3 8 0 0 4

44 Geo. III. Appendix..

561

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &cc.—±coiitinu<*d. __________L— ----- ^-----

1. Schedule (A.) Duty. Drawback. 1. Schedule (A.) Duty* Drawback.

Wood—cont.71 ued. £■ s. d. t* d: Wood—continued. , c s. d. £■ 4. d.

Lathwood, in pieces under 5 feet in length, the Spokes of Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

fathom, belli«: 6 feet wide and 6 ieet high, the 1,000,

Imported in Shipping 01 the United Kingdom 0 11 10 0 8 1 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 13 11 O 5 it

- — — in Foreign Shipping - 0 12 11 0 9 2 ----- in Foreign Shipping - 0 16 2 O 8 Q

- - in pieces, being 5 feet in length and upwards, - - - exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1,000,

the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 ieut Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 9 4 0 H 4

hL,h, - in Foreign Shipping - - - 1 12 8 0 16 8

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 0 7 0 12 1 - - - of all forts, of the growth or production ol

m Foreign Shipping - 0 19 S 0 13 9 the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame-

• -•in pieces of all forts, of the growth and pro- rica - the 1,000 0 4 2 0 0 5

dudion of the British Colonies and Planla- Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length,

tions in America - the fathom, being 6 feet the 120 0 0 7 0 0 1

wide and 6 feet high 0 3 10 0 0 4 - - - of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length,

Lignum Vitae - - - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 7 4 0 0 8 the 120 0 1 1 0 0 1

logwood - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 6 0 0 7 Sweet Wood, of the growth or production of the 1

Mahogany, the growth or production of any part British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements,

of Amei ica or the \\ eft Indies - the ton in Africa or America - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 11 0 0 4 9

' of 20 cwt. 0 *4 4 0 1 4

- - - of the growth of any other country or place. ton of 20 cwt. 3 6 0 2 16

the ton of 20 cwt. 2 11 4 1 18 4 Timber; viz.

Hafts, Yards, and Rowfprits, being 6 inches in dia- - - - - Fir Timber, being 8 inches square, and not

meter and under 8 inches m diameter, the exceeding 10 inches square, the load of 50

piece. cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 2 7 0 1 11 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 4 5 0 i 9

in Foreign Shipping - . - O 2 8 0 2 0 in Foreign Shipping - 0 5 3 0 3 7

4 - of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame- exceeding 10 inches square, the load of 50

rica ----- the piece 0 2 2 0 1 6 cubic feet,

-- - - being 8 and under 12 inches in diameter - the Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 4 9 O 2 10

piece - in Foreign Shipping - - - 0 5 6 0 3* 8

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 5 A 0 3 6 - - being %8 inches square or upwards, of the

- - - - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 5 8 0 4 5 growth or production of the British Colo-

• - - of the British Coloniesx>r Plantations in Ame- nies or Plantations in America - the load

rica the piece 0 4 5 0 3. 1 of 50 cubic feet 0 1 8 0 0

- - - being 12 inches and upwards in diameter, the - - - Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the

load containing 50 cubic feet, load of 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 17 3 0 9 8 * Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 7 6 0 3 0

in Foreign Shipping - - - Ot 18 4 0 10 9 — - - - in Foreign Shipping - 0 8 4 0 3 10

• - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame- - - being 8 inches square or upwards, being of

rica - - the load of 50 cubic feet 0 15 5 0 7 10 the growth or production of the British

Nicaragua Wood - the ton of 20 cwt. 2 12 5 1 16 5 Plantations or Colonies in America - the

Oak Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thick- load of 50 cubic feet 0 3 8 0 0 4

neis, the load of 50 cubic feet. - •> - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 12 6 0 5 10 described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

in Foreign Shipping - 0 H 1 0 7 5 being 8 inches square or upwards, the load

• - - of all forts, of the growth or production of the of 50 cubic feet,

British Colonies or Plantations in America, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 4 5 0 2 9

the 120 0 5 6 0 0 6. ----- in Foreign Shipping - 0 5 3 0 3 7

Oars, the 120, - - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 2 3 1 1 9 4 described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

in Foreign Shipping - 2 10 ] 1 16 4 being 8 inches square or upwards, of the

-- - of the growth or production of the British Co- growth or production of the British Colo-

ionics or Plantations the 120 0 13 2 0 1 2 nies or Plantations iu America - the load

Olive Wood, of the British Colonies, Plantations, or of 50 cubic feet 0 1 8 0 0 2

Settlements, in Africa or America - the ton Treenails, or Trenails, the 1,000,

of 20 cwt. 0 8 3 0 0 9 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 3 10 0 1 10

- - - of the growth of any other place - the ton 1 6 0 0 2 8 ----- in Foreign Shipping - 0 4 5 0 2 5

Red or Guinea Wood - - the ton of 20 cwt. 4 li 8 3 5 8 Users, under.5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

Round W-ood in pieces under 8 inches square, and length, the 120,

under 6 feet in length, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 6 0 13 6

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 11 0 0 5 6 ----- in Foreign Shipping - 0 17 7 0 H 7

in Foreign Shipping - 0 12 1 0 6 7 - - being 5 and under 8 inches square, or if 24

* - - in pieces under 8 inches square, and being 6 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

feet in length or upwards, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 15 2 1 9 2

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 2 0 0 11 0 ----- in Foreign Shipping - 1 16 4 1 10 4*

- ... - in Foreign Shipping - 1 4 2 0 13 0 - - - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the

• - - in pieces of all forts, under 8 inches square, of growth or produdioi\ of the British Colo-

the growth and production of the British nies or Plantations ih America - the 120 0 8 10 0 0 1*

Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 0 2 2 0 0 2 Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square or upwards,

Sapan Wood of the British Colonies and Plantations, the load of 50 cubic feet,

for e\ery £. 100 of the value 3 19 2 0 0 0 Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 8 10 0 1 1

- - - of the produce of any other country - for every in Foreign Shipping - 0 9 11 0 2

£. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4 - - - being of the growth or production of the

Spars, under 20 feet in length, and under 4 inches British Colonies or Plantations in A merica,

in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the no, - the load of 50 cubic feet 0 3 8 0 0 4

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 8 1 0 3 10 Unmanufactured, of the growth or production of the

- - - — in Foreign Shipping - - - 0 8 11 0 4 8 British Colonies or Plantations in Ame-

being 22 feet in length and upwards, and under rica, not particularly enumerated or de-

4 inches in diameter, exclusivt of the bark, feribed, or otherwise charged with Duty,

the 120, for every £. 100 of the value 3 19 2 0 7 2

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 6 0 7 11 Not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

----- in Foreign Shipping - - - 0 17 1 0 9 0 wife charged with Duty, imported in

7 - - being 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, Shipping of the United Kingdom - for

exclusive of the bark, the 120, every £.100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 15 2 0 17 4 Imported in Foreign Shipping - for every

in Foreign Shipping - 1 17 5 0 19 7 £. 100 of the value *5 0 0 21 8 0

of all forts, under 6 inches in diameter, exclu- Wool; viz.

five of the bark, of the growth or production Beaver ----- the lb. 0 1 1 O cr 0

of the British Colonies or Plantations in —— cut or combed - - - the lb. 1 3 1 1 l 9

America ----- the 120 0 6 7 0 0 7 Coney ----- the lb. 0 0 1 0 0 0

Speckled Wood of the British Colonies, Plantations, —■— Cotton of the growth or production Of the British

or Settlements, in Africa or America - the Colonies or Plantations in America, the 100 lb?. 0 9 1 0 0 0

ton of 20 cwt. 0 11 0 0 1 0 —— - - — of the growth or production of Turkey,

- - - of the growth of any dther country or place, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the ton of 20 cwt. 2 15 0 2 3 4 the 100 lbs. 0 8 7 0 2 2

1

Vol. 59. 7 D

Appendix, (No. 22.) 30 Martiii

continued.

Appendix,

(No. *.)

j* Morti

continued.

562

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Schedule of the Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Good*, Wares, &c.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)

Wool-—continued, p — Cotton, of the growth dr production of any other

country or place - - - the too lbs,

Edridge or Oftritch - for every £. too of the

value

— Hares Wool - - - - the too lbs.

.*— Red Wool; hot Spanish or Sheeps Wool - for every £. too of the value

¥cr*; vh.

-----Cable Yarn -

-»■ - Camel or Mohair -

-----Cotton -

—— Grogram -

Y.

- - the cwt.

the lb. of 16 oz. - the lb. - - the lb.

Raw Linen Yam, made of Flax - - the lb.

Wick Yarn - - for every £. loo of value

Duty.

3 >9

o

o

o

o

b

33

o o

o io

Drawback.

t £ *. d.

? 0 0 0

2 0 7

j 0 0 3

1 0 7

0 3 0

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 3

29 8 0

i. Schedule (A.)

Y am—continued.

-----Woollen and Bay Yam - - - the cwt.

-----Worsted, being of two or more threads, twilled or

thrown ----- the lb.

—— of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Zedo&ria

• the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, whatsoever,not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in, Ireland, for every £. too of the value thereof

Duty. Drawback.

£■ *. <1. ° 19 7 £■ *• 4 0119

0 0 8 K O O

33 0 0 49 8

012 0 l t

5 4 16 13 ,

i. SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of certain Good*, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the United States of America, imported directly from thence according to Law; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

l. Schedule (B.)

Arrow Root -Cotton Wool -Gum, Cashew

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt

Hides, Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, the piece -----Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair - the

• piece Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not

particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every /-too of

the value

Hop! ----- the cwt.

Indigo ----- the loo lbs.

Oil, Spermaceti or Head Matter - the tun of 252

gallons

— Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil - the tun of

252 gallons

Pitch -;the last qt. 12 barrels, each barrel qt. 31 and J

gallons

Provisions (not being Groceries) - for every £. 100 of

the value

Rice ----- the cwt.

Rofm, or Colofonia - - -. the cwt.

Seed, Rape - - - the Quarter, qt. 8 bushels

SkinB, Beaver, undressed - the skin

-----Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawedy or in any

way dressed - - the dozen skins

Snuff ----- the lb.

Spermaceti, fine ----- the lb.

Tar - the last of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding

31 and | gallons

Tobacco, unmanufactured - - for every 100 lbs.

-----if imported by Strangers, or by any Law now

in force be subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every 100 lbs. Turpentine, Common - the cwt.

Whale Fins, or Whalebone - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Wood, Anchor Stocks - - - - the piece

-----Balks of all forts, under 8 inches square, the 120

-----Battens and Batten Ends of all forts - the 120

----- Beech Plank of all forts - - the 120

-----Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square,

the 120

— Boards, Clap Boards, exceeding 5 feet three

inches in length, and under 8 inches square,

the 120

—. - -- - under 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square - - the 120

-----Box Wood - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Deals and Deal Ends of all forts - the 120

-----Ebony - the ton of 20 cwt.

— — Fire Wood - the fathom of 6 feet wide and

6 feet high

—— Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square,

the 120

* --Handspikes, under 7 feet in length - the 120

----- - 7 feet in length or upwards, the 120

-----Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches square,

the 120

—— - -- -- 8 inches square or upwards,

the load of 50 cubic feet —— L&thwood in pieces of all forts - the fathoi

Duty. Drawback.

£■ d. £■ *. d.

O 11 0 O 2 0

O 9 8J O 0 11

O 3 10 0 0 4

O 0 7 O 0 0

O 0 7 O 0 0

20 5 4 l6 >3 4

2 18 7 2 15 4

O 13 2 O 1 3

H 5 1 22 1 7

*3 2 0 22 5 2

0 18 5 O 14 9

13 5 6 9 V3 6

0 10 4 O 8 8

0 2 5 0 2 1

0 4 9 0 3 4

0 0 4 0 9 2

0 1 5 a 0 3

0 1 11 0 1 10

0 1 6 0 1 5

0 13 2 0 10 3

3 7 2 3 4 2

0 9 2 0 9 2

0 3 3 0 3 1

132 0 O 130 > 5 0

0 0 7 0 0 1

0 11 0 0 1 0

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 0 4

0 11 0 0 1 0

0 8 3 0 0 9

0 5 6 0^ 0 6

1 1 2 0 1 11

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 H 0 0 1 3

0 0 7 0 0 1

0 XI 0 '» 0 1 0

0 I 6 0 0 2

0 2 11 0 0 3

0 5 6 0 O 6

0 3 8 0 O 4

0 3 10 0 0 4

1. Schedule (B.)

Wood—continued.

-----Lignum Vitae - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Mahogany - - -'the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 inches in drametei,

and under 8 inches - - - the piece

-----8 inches in diameter, and under 12

inches ----- the piece —— - 12 inches in diameter and upwards,

the load of 50 cubic feet

-----Oak Plank of all forts - the 120

•-----Oars ----- the 120

-----Olive Wood - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8

inches square - the 120

-----Spars of all forts, under 6 inches in diameter,

exclusive of the bark - the 120

-----Speckled Wood - - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Spokes for Wheels of all forts - - the 1,000

-----Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in

length - the 120

-----exceeding 50 inches in length - the 120

-----Sweet Wood - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Timber Oak, being 8 inches square or upwards,

the load of 50 cubic feet ----- of all forte, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards - the load of 50 cubic feet

-----Users of all forts, under 8 inches square - the

120

-----Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square or upwards - - the load of 50 cubic feet

-----unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not being exempt from Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

AH other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported according to Law, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Custom (and also of Excise, in cases where Duties of Excise are due and payable thereon), and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland, in Shipping of the United Kingdom, from any other Foreign Country; and in cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, imported from different Foreign countries, then, upon Payment of the lowed Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in Shipping of the United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign country.

Duty.

£. s. d. 074 o 14 4

0 2 2

0 4 5

O 15 5

056 O 13 2 083

0 2 2 067

O 8 IO

042

0 0 7 Oil Oil o

038

018 o 8 10 038

3 19 2

Drawback.

£. 9. d.

008 o 1 4

016

O 3 1

7 10

0 6

1 2 o 9

002

001

O O 10

005

0 0 1 0 0 1 010

004

0 0 2 o 0 10 004

O 7 9

44 Geo. lit.

Appendix.

563

l, SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture,

of Ireland, therein set forth.

Appendix, (No. £2.) 3# Martii,

continued.

l. Schedule (C.)

Allies of Wood -----of all other forts

Bacon -

-----other, and Hams, -

Bones, Ox -

-----unmanufactured

Calves Skins -Calves Valves Cards, Wool, new -----old

Cheese -Coney Hair or Wool, black or white -

the last of 12 barrels for every £. loo of the value

- - the flitch

for every £. 100 of the value

• the ioooo

for every £. loo of the value for every £. loo of the value for every £. 100 of the value

- the dozen

- the dozen

- the cwt.

- - the lb.

Duty.

for every £. loo of the value

- the lb. for every £. loo of the value

- the cwt.

- - - the barrel

for every £, 100 of the value

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

for every £. 100 of the value for every £.ioo of the value

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the quarter of 8 bushels

- the piece

the piece alive

----- the cwt.

- w - the hundred of 6 score

----- the cwt.

the thousand of 6 score to the hundred the thousand of 6 score to the hundred the thousand of 6 score to the hundred the thousand of 6 score to the hundred the thousand of 6 score to the hundred

- for every £. loo of the value

Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Nags - the piece

Hoofs of all forts - - - for every £. loo of the value

Lead, calf or uncaft - - the ton

-----Red ----- for every £. loo of the value

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the cwt

Copperas Fur, called Rabbit’s grey Fur Furrier’s Waite Greaves, or Grease -Guts, Ox Guts

'•---of other Animals

Hair, Hart's - -

-----llorfe -

-----Human -

-----Kids -

—— Ox, Cow's, or Bull’s Harifliorn -

Hempfeed -

Hides, raw and untanned -Hogs or Pigs -Hog’s Lard -

Horns, Bucks -

- -■ Goats -

-----Ox -

-----Rams -

-----Sheep -

r-----Stags -

-----Tips of Horns,

Horn Shavings -

the ton

the quarter, qt. 8 bushels

- the cwt. the head

- - - the gallon

Provisions of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty «• for every £. too

of the value

Linen Rags or Shreds Linseed, or Flax feed -Litharge of Lead Oxen, Cows, or Steers Oysters in Pickle

the quarter of 8 bushels

- the piece

- the hundred of 5 score

- for every £. 100 of the value

- - - - the dozen

- the piece for every £. 100 of the value

- for every ^.100 of the value

- the hundred of 6 score

- for every £. loo of the value Lamb, dressed, w ithout the Wool on, the hundred of 6' score

- — tanned, tawed, or dressed, - - - the cwt.

Martin - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Otter, raw ----- the piece

-----tawed ----- the piece

- — Wombs - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Rabbits and Conies, black, with or w ithout Silver Hair,

dressed or tawed - the hundred of 6 score

- - - - grey, leafoued - - the hundred of 6 score

- - - - grey, Stag - - - the hundred of 6 score

Rapeseed -

Skins, Badger -

-----Cat -

-----Deer, undressed

-----Dog ...

-----lox -

.-----Goat, undressed -

----- Hair, undressed

-----Kid, dressed or undressed

.-----Kips and Runners

£. s. d.

O 1 8

5 0 0

0 0 1

5 0 0

0 0 4

5 0 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 8

0 °. 5

0 0* 6

0 0 7

5 0 0

0 0 3

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 1 0

5 0 0

0 2 2

0 8 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 2 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 0 11

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 1 0

0 0 ' 2

0 1 7

0 0 9

5 0 0

1 0 0

5 0 0

2 13 9

5 0 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 3 0

0 0 3

0 10 0

0 0 1

5 0 0

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

5 * 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

5 0 0

0 1 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

1. Schedule (C.)

Skins—continued.

-----Rabbits and Conies, grey, tawed - the hundred of 6 score

----- - dressed, tawed, or dyed into colours - - the hundred of 6 score

-----Sheep, dressed, without the Wool on the 120

----- - - tanned, tawed, or dressed - the cwt.

----- - - - with the Wool on the hundred of 6 score

----- - tawed, with the Wool on the hundred of 6 score

----- - — Pelts, dressed or undressed - - for every 6 score

-----Squirrel -

-----Stag -

-----Swan -

the 1,000 the piece the piece

Slugs of Horn - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Soap Boilers Wade, and all other Manure (except Lime), the ton 'Fallow - - -- -- -1 the cwt.

Tanners Wafie - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tongues, called Neats Tongues - the dozen

Tripes - for every £. 100 of the value

Wax, unmanufactured ----- the cwt. Weld - -- - the cwt.

Woad - - the ton of 20 cwt.

----- Netts ----- the hundred of 5 score

Yarn, Linen, for every pack of flatutable Linen Yarn - containing 400 lbs. at 6 score to the hundred In Addition to the Duties hereinbefore charged on certain Goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence, the following Duties are to be paid; viz.

All Goods,-Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any part of Europe, or to any part or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. 100 of the true and real value thereof -

Except

Bullion

-----Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported to the Isle of

Man, which may be legally exported to the said Island.

-----Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being

of the Manufacture of Ireland.

—— 1 Corn or Grain.

Except refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, or any refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Melasses made from Sugar, of the British Plantations.

All Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any part or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof - - - - , -

Except

•-----Bullion.

- — - Corn or Grain.

-----Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of

the manufacture of Ireland.

-----any sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements, or Materials, fit and necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, for the ule and support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the vessels or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Ireland to the said Island.

— —— all refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump

duly refined, and all refined Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Melasses made from Sugar, of the British Plantations.

Duty.

£■ *• d-0 0 8

3 1

0

1 1 £ O O

o

0

1 o o

0

4

1

o 10

10#

1 10 0

4 0

i. SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon Ships or Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland, from any Country whatsoever, over and above all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof; and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fees payable for the fame.

Upon every ton of every Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom (except Coaflers, and except Coal Ships trading to the Port of Dublin) ——

Upon every Entry Inwards made in the Port of Dublin (except Post Entries and Entries of Coals) ——

Upon every Entry Outwards made in the Port of Dublin - * - - - . -

Duty. £■ '■ d. 0 0 2

o a 6 026

Appendix, (No. 22.)

3* Martii,

continued.

564

Appendix.

A. 1804.

i. SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned, and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark for Tanners use, and on Irish Coals brought into the Port of Dublin.

J

l. Schedule (E.)

All Manufactures of Buckram, Filleting, and Linen, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, stamped, or dyed, and all printed, painted, stained, stamped, or dyed, Callico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen, of the like breadth: viz..

For every yard thereof under the value of 5 d. which shall be exported from Ireland to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or Minorca ——

For every yard thereof of the value of 5 d. and under the value of 6J d. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid -

For every yard thereof of the value of 6\d. and not exceeding 1$. yid. in value, which ftmll be exported j to any of the places aforesaid -

And lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity. The value of such Linens, Calicoes, and Cottons, if printed, painted, stained, damped, or dyed, or of such Cottons mixed ^ith Linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the Bounties aforesaid, to he deemed their value when in a plain state, and exclusive of such printing, painting, staining, damping, cr dying.

Note.— Kentings, and all Fabricks made of Linen and Hempen Yarn only, to be deemed and considered as Linen.

All Manufactures of Linen chequed or striped with any other material than Linen Yarn, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, and of the value of yd. the yard, and not exceeding 1*. 7\d. in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, ----- for every yard thereof And l’o in proportion for any greater or less quantity. When any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the breadth of 25 inches, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of 25 inches breadth or upwards.

All Manufactures of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings, or Linens,

lr. y{d. the

upwards of one yard m breadth, and not exceeding

Duty.

£. s.

o o

001

0011

° o oj

1. Schedule (E.)

the square yard in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, - - for every square yard thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

All Manufactures of Sail Cloth or Canvas fit for, or made into Sails, which shall be exported - - for every three ells thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported under certain I*emulations; viz.

Ribbands and Stuffs made of Silk only, - for every pound

weight thereof Avoirdupois Silks and Ribbands made of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, for every pound weight thereof Avbirdupois Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes and Laces, and Stitching

and Sewing Silk --for every pound weight

thereof Avoirdupois Stuffs made of Silk and Grogram Yarn mixed - for every pound weight thereof Avoirdupois Stuffs made of Silk and Worsted mixed - for every pound

weight thereof AvoirdLpois Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton - for every pound weight thereof Avoirdupois And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity. Book* unbound, if printed on British or Foreign Paper - for every pound weight thereof Avoirdupois-

Inwards.

For and upon every Barrel of Bark or Hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland from any country in Europe except Great Britain -

For and upon every Barrel of Bark or Hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland from America ——

Coastwise.

For everyf Ton of Irish Coals imported into the Port of Dublin under certain Regulations -

Duty.

£■ '• o o

d.

03a

040

015

O O g

006

0 I

001

04a

050

0 9 9

1. SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of Countervailing and other Duties, on the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, of certain Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in Addition to the Countervailing Duties granted by the Act of Union.

1. Schedule (F.)

• Beer.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain -

M A LT.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, made in Great Britain, of Barley, or any other Corn, or Grain, whenever the same shall be allowed to be imported from Great Britain into Ireland -

' Silk Manufactures.

For and upon all Silk, being of the Manufactures of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties; viz.

For and upon every pound weight, containing 16 ounces, of all Ribbands, and Stuffs of Silk only -

Of all Silk and^Ribbands, of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver Of all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk - -

Of all Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or described -

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yam -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton -

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed -Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Duty.

£.s. d. o '5 52

077

O 9 6i

034

o 1 d]

O 2 oj o 7i O O log 005 0 7x

1. Schedule. (F.)

SriRiTS.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, a Duty of -

Sugar Refined.

Of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties; viz.

For and upon every hundred weight, qt. H2lbs.

Of all Sugar called Bastards, whole or ground - -

Of all Sugar called Lumps -

For and upon every hundred weight, qt. nslbs.

Of all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar -

Of all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf

Of all Sugar called Sugar Candy, Brown -

Of all S» gar called Suaar Candy, White ——

Of all Sugar Rehued, of any other fort

And io in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

S A LT.

White or Bay, the bushel of 56lbs. -

Rock, the ton of 40 bushels, each bushel qt. 65IL1S.

Coals.

The Ton -, ......

Hops.

The Pound Weight Avoirdupois -

Duty-

£. t. d.

o 4 5xr

t 3 10

2 4 sf

2 7

2 11

* 4

2 11 2 11

8

2|

Sf

3 0 0

OI9

O o IJ

2. RESOLVED, That the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes now payable in Ireland, by virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the 40th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting, for one year, the several Duties therein " mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified, during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this " Kingdom and His Majest/s Colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned," or by virtue of any Act or Acts for continuing or amending the said Act (except the Duties ou Malt made in Ireland) and also all Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Sweets or Made Wines made in Ireland, and the several and respective Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid or allowed in respect of any such Inland Duties, or Duties of Excise, do ceale and determine; and that the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, following, be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

a. SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of INLAND DUTIES of Excise and Taxes for, upon, and in respect of the several Articles therein mentioned.

2. Schedule (G.) Duty.

Auctions. £. t. d.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland, of any Interest in Possession, or lleversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or JlerfcdiUunents; and of of any Annuities, or Sums of Money charged thereon; and of any Utensils of Husbandry and Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the k Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by CV.nmillion 003

Appendix.

565

44 Geo. III.

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—continued.

2. Schedule (G.)

Auctions—continued.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Hoi fes, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever (not exempted by Law) and so in proportion for any greater or lets sum of i'uch Purrhafe Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Comnnilion - -*

Cards and Dice.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing, Cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured, or veuded in Ireland -

Duty.

Coaches and Chaises.

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calalh, or Chaise, with four wheels (not exempt by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, such Person not having at the same time more than one such Carriage in his or her pofl’efiion, the yearly ium of -

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calalh, or Chaise, with four wheels (not exempt determined by Law) which any Person llmll have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, if such Person shall at the same time have more than one such Carriage in his or her posseHion, the yearly sum of -

For and upon every Chaise with two wheels (not exempt by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her poifei-fion at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1S04, the yearly sum of -

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, and Chaises, and Coaches, Chaiies, and other Carriages kept for hire, or kept by the Makers lor sale, and Cabriolets and Garden Chairs, excepted. [See 40 Geo. III. chap. 52. fed. 10, 11, 12.]

Coffee.

For and upon every pound weight of Coffee which shall be conliimed in Ireland, to be paid by the Person or Persons buying the fame from the Importer thereof -

Fire Hearths.

Fof and out of every Dwelling House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland, in the whole of which House there shall be two or more Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, the several and respective yearly Bates and Taxes following; that is to lay:

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which thtie ball be in the whole two Fire Hearths, or other places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole three Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every Inch House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole four Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the ium of -Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole five Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole fix Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole seven Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole eight Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole nine or more Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, for every Hearth, Firing Flace, or Stove, the lum of - -

Glass Bottles.

For and upon every Glass Bottle which shall he made or manufactured in Ireland, of common Bottle Metal (the fame not being Phials) for every quart such Bottle shall be- reputed to contain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being less than one pint, to be paid by the Makers thereof

Leather.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and pieces of Hides and Skins, herein after mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to (ay:

For and upon every such Hide and Skin, or piece of any such Hide and Skin, of any kind or denomination whatsover, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described - for t\cry pound weight Avoirdupois thereof, and after such rate

for any greater or less quantity

£. s. d.

006

o 1 5

o 10 o

6 16 6

920

200

001

VcL. 50.

o io± o 8 i| o 11 4$ o 15 2 o 19 6

» 4 4l

183

088

0 o o|

2. Schedule (O.)

001

Appendix,

_______ (No. 22.)

Duty. 3* Mtirtii,

Leather—continued.

For and upon all Hides of Ilorfes, Mares, or Geldings - for every Hide

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs - for every dozen Skins thereof, and after the fame rate

fur any greater or less nuinoer For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like purposes, and all Seal Skins - for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or iefs number For and upon all other Skins for Bookbinders ule - for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or Ms number

For and upon all Goats Skins tanned with Shumac, or otherwise, to referable Spamlh Leather, and all Sheeps Skins tanned for Roans, being after the nature of Spamlh Leather - for every pound weight Avoirdupois thereo! For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned foi Gloves and Bafils - - for evefy pound weight Avoirdupois

thereof, and proportionably fur any greater or leis quantity For and upon all Hides and Skins, and pieces of Hides and Skins, herein after mentioned, which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to say:

For and upon every such Hide and Skin, and piece of such Hide and Skin, of any nature or denomination whatl’oever, other than such as herein after mentioned and described - for every pound weight Avoirdupois thereof Fdr and upon all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, for every pound weight Avoirdupois thereof For and upon all Calf Skins - - for every pound weight

Avoirdupois thereof

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins - for every pound weight Avoirdupois thereof And proportionably for any greater or less quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

Licences.

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Tobacco, in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, bxcept as a Wholesale Importer only, or a VVhcfafale Merchant only - -

And a further Duty of £.4. for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding one Tabic, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep.

For and upon every Licence to any Person to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco as a Wholesale Merchant, not being the Importer thereof - -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Cofiee, in any City or Town Corpoiate in Ireland, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea 01 Groceries -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fall by Retail or otherwise deal in Cofiee in any part in Ireland, not being a City or Town Corporate, except as aforesaid -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to ma nufacture Candles or Soap for sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to fell or manufacture Paper Hangings for sale

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every ten gallons which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing -

For and upon every licence to any Person in Ireland, to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to brew or make for sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Metheglin, or Mead for sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to make Vinegar for sale - -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town, and Place, returning a Member to serve in Parliament, or within two miles of the Market House, or principal Market Place or Town House, of any such City, Town, or Place -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in any other part of Ireland to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell or tap out Cyder by Retail -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Metheglin or Mead by Retail -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to fell or make any Gold 01 Silver Plate for sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or tan Leather for sale

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to dress Hides and Skins in Oil -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Vellum and Parchment -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis - n - -

C *■ d.

continued.

1 9

0 o ©i

o o

003.

000}

80#

1 © 9.

1 O 9

O 10 9

IOO 10 9

2 io © 209 2 0 0

2 0 9

2 0 9

3 0 0

2 0 9

IOO 10 9

10 9

10 9

10 9

10 9

30 © t'

566

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 22.)

3* Mart continued.

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—continued.

2. Schedule (G.)

Licences—<ontinued.

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than two miles dill ant therefrom -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in every other place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the City of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said City ——

And within the rest of the County of the said City For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the City of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said City -And within the rest of the County of the said City For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called St. Francis’s Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Belfast, Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmel

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within all other Cities, Corporate Towns, Market Towns, where Markets are usually held, and within one mile of the Town House, Market House, or principal Market Place ——

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in any other part of Ireland than those parts before described -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Spirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not less than two gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such place on a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

For and upon every Licence to any Factor or other Person in Ireland, felling Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, *ot being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits -

For and upon every Licence to any Factor or Person in Ireland felling Foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits, nor being the Importer of Foreign Spirits - For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt on Commission or otherwise -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Malt House and make Malt for sale, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, in each and every Malt House in his or her possession in which such business shall be carried on -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in the City of Dublin, or within the circular Road surrounding the fame, or in the Cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called St. Francis’s Abbey, or in the Cities of Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the Towns of Drogheda, Galway, Belfast, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmel, or within two miles of the Market House, or principal Market Place, or Town House of any of the said Cities or Towns, to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for lale, for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for sale, in any other place in Ireland, being a Town Corporate or Borough returning any Member to serve in Parliament, for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person ——

For and upon every Licence to any Person in any other place in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for sale, !for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to keep any Coffee House - - - - -'

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Auction within the District of the Metropolis, or within fix miles of the Castle of Dublin -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Auction in any other part of Ireland ——

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils made of common Bottle Metal

For and upon every Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Trading Person, going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, or other beast of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also to travelling Tinkers, and Cafters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking •bout Tea or Coffee for sale -

And a further Duty for every Horse, or other Beast bearing or drawing burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the purpnfe of carrying or drawing hisr hers or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize * -

Duty.

£■ " d.

20 O O

15 O O

30 o o

20 O O

30 O O

20 O O

30 O O

20 O O

15 O O

IO O O

6 0 0

20 O O

20 O O

20 O O

15 O O

30 0 0

20 O O

10 6 o 2 0 0

10 0 0 10 O

lOO

2 0 0

2 0 0

2. Schedule (G.)

Metiieglix, or Mead.

For and upon every gallon of Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for sale, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof -

Paper Manufacture.

For and upon the several forts of Paper hereinaffer mentioned, which shall he made in Ireland, the several and respective Duties following, to be paid by the Makers of such Papers respectively: For and upon every pound weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the uses and purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any of them, and all Elephant Paper, and all Cartridge Paper -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all coloured Papers, and Whited-brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers, fit or proper for the ule or purposes of wrapping-up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being uled for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any other of them -

For even' pound weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any of them, and of all Button Paper, or Button Board -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper, or capable of being uled for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Paper Hangings -

For every one hundred weight of Paste Board, Mill Board, and Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Prefters ——

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of every fort or kind of Paper, not hereinbefore ^numerated or defenbed -

Paper Hangings.

For and upon every 1‘quare yard of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof -

Plate, Wrought.

For and upon every ounce Troy weight of Gold or Silver Plate which shall be wrought, made, or nianufactured in Ireland And so in proportion for any greater or less weight.

Male Servants.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland at any time, in each and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly Sams, Duties, or Taxes, following, that is to fav:

For one Male Servant -

For two Male Servants, each -

For any number of Male Servants exceeding two and not exceeding four, each -

For any number Of Male Servants exceeding four and not exceeding seven, each ——

For eight Male Servants, each -

For nine Male Servants, each -

For ten Male Servants, each -

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to say: Muitre d’Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Gardener, not being a Day Labourer, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever name or names Male Servants really acting in any of the said capacities, shall he called, or whether such Mule Servant^ HutU have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other business jointly with one or more of the lame.

Spirits.

For and upon every gallon of Aquavitse, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, from Malt, or from Corn malted or unmalted, to be paid by the lirft Maker or Distiller thereof -

For and upon every gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Melasses in Ireland, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof -

Sweets or Made Wines.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of all Liquor for sale made in Ireland, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, called Sweets or Made Wines, and after the lame rate for any greater or L§fs quantity, to be paid by the respective Makers thereof ——

Duty.

£. *. «L

OO4

o o

001

2 o of 2 0 1 2 IO

250

O O

o o r

0 9 9

1 2 9

1 H a

2 5 6

2 16 io|

3 0 0

3 8 8

3 10 •

« s 9i

«> + Si

5

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

567

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—continued.

2. Schedule (G.) w ——

Tobacco.

For and upon every pound weight of Tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland, in any manner, to be paid by the Per ion manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when thd fame shall be opened -

Vellum and Parchment.

For and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall at any time or times be made in Ireland, the respective Hates and Duties herein after expressed, that is to say:

For and upon every dozen ikins of Vellum -

For and upon every dozen lkins of Parchment -

And proportionally for any greater or leis quantity of such Vellum and Paichment, to be paid by the Maker.

Vinegar.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for sale, and after the fame Rate for any greater or leis quantity, to be paid by the Maker -

Window Lights.

Upon and out of every Dwelling House or Tenement in Ireland, in hah* tea or to he inhabited, at any time in each and every y^ar, from the 25th day of Mach 1804, the respective yearly Rates and Du: f*, foil* whig, acoid.ug to the Numbei of Windows or Lights in such 1 Ionics or T' leuicnts req caively.

jjKitmfer of ll ifuioU'S according to xchic'i the Dxietf'ng House Jnall be dunged Yearly; and the Yearly Rates diet con rtj) ctiively:

For every Dwelling House, having

5 Winnows or Lights

6 D:tto -

7 Dit.o -

8 Ditto -

9 Ditto -

10 Ditto -

11 Ditto -

12 Ditto -

*3 Ditto -

M Ditto -

*5 Ditto -

16 Ditto

*7 Ditto -

18 Ditto fa

59 Ditto —

20 Ditto -

21 Ditto

22 Ditto -

23 Ditto -

*4 Ditto

25 Ditto -

26 Ditto -

*7 Ditto -

28 Ditto

*9 Ditto -

30 Ditto -

31 Ditto -

3* Ditto -

33 Ditto -

34 Ditto -

35 Ditto -

36 Ditto -

37 Ditto -

38 Ditto -

39 Ditto -

4° Ditto -

45 Ditto -

4* Ditto -

43 Ditto -

44 Ditto -

45 Ditto -

46 Ditto -

47 Ditto -

48 Ditto -

49 Ditto -

50 Ditto -

51 Ditto -

52 Ditto -

53 Ditto -

54 Ditto -

55 Ditto -

5(5 Ditto -

57 Ditto

58 Ditto -

59 Ditto -

60 Ditto

Duty. 2. Schedule (G.) D:;tv.

£■ * d. Window Lights—continued. £. sd.

For every Dwelling House, having

61 Windows or Lights fa - >3 18 5

62 Ditto _ . 14 0 7

63 Ditto - _ - •+29

64 Ditto - - - 1+ 4 11

O 0 5 65 Ditto - - - 14 17 11

66 Ditto - - _ 15 0

67 Ditto - - . •523

1 * 68 Ditto - - . •5 4 5

6 9 Ditto - - - •57

70 Ditto - - - •5 >9 7

n n 71 Ditto - - - 16 1 9'

D O 72 Ditto - - - •6 3

0 73 Ditto - - - 16 6 1

74 Ditto - - - •6 8 3

75 Ditto - - - •7 13

76 Ditto m - - •7 3 5

77 Ditto - - - 17 5 7

78 Ditto - - - •7 7 8

79 Ditto - - - 17 9 11

80 Ditto ' 18 2 11

0 3 0 81 Ditto 18 5 1

82 Ditto - . - 18 7 3

83 Ditto - . - - •8 9 5

84 Ditto - - . 18 11 7

«5 Ditto - - fa •9 4 7

* 86* Ditto - - 19 € 9

87 Ditto - . 19 8 it

88 Ditto - 19 11 1

89 Ditto - . •9 13 3

90 Ditto , - - - - 20 6 3

yi Ditto - 20 8 5

92 Ditto - 20 10 7

93 Ditto - - 20 12 9

* 94 Ditto - 20 14 it

0 4 ioi 95 Ditto - - . 21 7 11

0 6 6 96 Ditto - - _ 21 IO 1

0 8 8 97 Ditto - . 21 12 3

0 11 11 98 Ditto - - - 21 14 5

0 15 2 99 Ditto - - . 2ll6 7

0 18 5 100 Ditto - - . 22 19

1 1 8 * 101 Ditto - 23 1 0

1 7 7 ft 102 Ditto - - - 23 3 8

1 13 7, 103 Ditto - - - 23 5

1 19 H 104 - Ditto - - - 23 8 0

2 6 7 105 Ditto - - 23 10 2

2 13 7 h 106 Ditto - - - 23 12 4

3 0 8 107 Ditto - - - 23 14 6

3 7 8f 108 Ditto - - - 23 16 8

3 H 9 109 Ditto - - - 23 18 10

4 3 5 110 Ditto - - - 25 7

4 1* 1 111 Ditto - * - 25 3 9

5 0 9 112 Ditto - - - 25 5

5 9 5 113 Ditto - - - 25 8 1

5 18 1 U4 Ditto - - - 25 to 3

6 8 11 115 Ditto - - * 25 12 5

6 11 1 116 Ditto - * - 25 14 7

6 13 3 117 Ditto - - 25 16 9

6 15 5 118 Ditto . '25 18 it

6 17 7 119 Ditto - . 26 1 1

7 8 5 120 Ditto - - 27 3 for

7 10 7 121 Ditto - - - 27 6 0

7 12 9 122 Ditto - * - 27 8 2

7 14 11 123 Ditto - - - 27 »o 4

7 i7 1 124 Ditto - - - 27 12 6

8 7 11 125 Ditto - , - - 27 »4 8

8 10 1 126 Ditto - . - 27 $6 IO

8 12 3 127 Ditto - - - 27 19 O

8 14 5 128 Ditto . - - 28 1 2

8 16 7 129 Ditto - - 28 3 4

9 9 7 130 Ditto - - - 29 6 1

9 11 9 131 Ditto - - - 29 8 3

9 13 11 1321 Ditto - - - 29 to 5

9 16 1 133 Ditto - - - 29 12 7

9 18 3 134 Ditto - - ’ - 29 »4 9

10 1 1 3 135 Ditto - - - 29 16 11

10 13 5 136 Ditto - - - 29 19 1

10 15 7 137 Ditto - - - 30 3

10 17 9 138 Ditto - - - 30 3 5

10 19 11 139 Ditto - - - 3° 5 7

11 12 11 140 Ditto - - 31 8 4

11 15 1 141 Ditto - - - 31 10 6

11 17 3 142 Ditto - - - 12 8

11 19 5 143 Ditto - - - 31 14 to

12 1 7 144 Ditto - - 31 17 0

12 14 7 145 Ditto - - - 3» »9

12 16 9 146 Ditto - - - 32 1

12 18 11 147 Ditto - - - 32 3 6

13 1 1 148 Ditto - - - 32 5 8

13 3 3 1 149 Ditto - - - 32 7 io

13 i« 3 1 150 Ditto - " 33 •« 7

- Append! (No. 22,.

3* AJ continued.

568

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 22.)

3* Marti,

continued.

—r*— J

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland, &c.—continued.

a. Schedule (G.) Duty. 2. Schedule (G.) Duty.

Window Lights—continued. Window Lights—continued.

£■ s. d. £. *. i.

For every Dwelling House, having For every Dwelling House, having

151 Windows or Lights * - - 33 1*2 9 168 Windows or Lights - - 36 10 2

15* Ditto - - - - 33 H 11 169 Ditto - - 36 ra

153 Ditto - - - 33 17 1 170 Ditto - - 37 »5 l

154 Ditto - - - 33 19 3 171 Ditto - 37 17 3

155 Ditto - - - 34 1 5 172 Ditto - - 37 19 5

156 Ditto - - - 34 3 7 ‘ 173 Ditto - - 38 1 7

*57 Ditto - - 34 5 9 174 Ditto - 38 3 9

158 Ditto - - - 34 7 11 175 Ditto - 38 5

159 Ditto - - - 34 10 1 176 Ditto - - 38 8 1

160 Ditto - - - 35 12 10 177 Ditto - - 38 10

161 Ditto - - - 35 15 0 178 Ditto - ‘ - 38 12 5

' 162 Ditto - - - 35 >7 2 179 Ditto - - 38 14 7

i$3 Ditto - - 35 19 4 180 Ditto - - 39 17 4

164 Ditto - - 3<5 1 6 For every Dwelling House, having one i hundred and eighty-

165 Ditto - - 36 3 8 on* Windows or Lights, and upwards, additional for each

166 Ditto - - - 36 5 10 Window or Light - - - 0 a

167 Ditto ' 36 8 0

2. SCHEDULE (H.)

SCHEDULE of Drawbacks and Allowances on Exportation from Ireland, of certain Articles, the Manufacture of Ireland.

2. Schedule (H.) Drawback. 2. Schedule (H.) Drawback.

Glass Bottles. i The whole Paper Hangings. £. *. d. * t

Made in Ireland - -j Duty paid. Made in Ireland on Exportation - - .. J The whole Duty paid.

Hides, Skins, and Parchment. On all Hides and Skins, and pieces thereof, tanned or dressed 1 The whole Duties paid. I Spirits.

In Oil, in Ireland, and of all Vellum and Parchment made > On every gallon of Spirits distilled in Ireland, of a strength

in Ireland - - -J On every pound weight avoirdupois of Tanned Leather manufactured in Ireland, into Goods and Wares ol Tanned not less than 5 degrees, or 10 per Cent, under Hydrometer Proof If any such Spirits shall be of a greater strength, a further Drawback, for every 4 degrees exceeding the said strength, on 0 3 if

Leather only, or of which such Leather is the mod valuable part 0 0 every gallon of such Spirits - - - . - On every gallon of Spirits made from Irish Malt, when the *- O O

Paper. The whole price of Barley in Ireland shall not exceed 13$. 6d. the barrel,

On all Paper made in Ireland after the 25th March 1799,) Dutypaidon a further Allowance or Bounty of 004

such Paper

which shall be manufactured into Paper Hangings - before it is so manufac- Tobacco.

V Od all Paper made in Ireland, and exported in the Covero r 7 tured. The whole For every pound weight of Tobacco manufactured in Ireland \ 0 0 10

Wrapper in which the fame was charged with Duty - - 3 Doty paid.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 19* Martii.

A LIST of PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS, in respect of whom th& Execution of any Procefe hath been controlled, suspeoded, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the year preceding the commencement of the present Session of Parliament.

Balances due from Public Acountants.

Lieutenant Colonel Rudyard, Commanding gineer in Canada, from lit July 1784 May 1785 -

ling En-} £• i* d.

* to 31ft > 951 a 6

"By Minute of the Lords Commiflkmers of His Majesty’s Treasury, Lieutenant Colonel Rudyard, under the very special and distressing circumstances of his case, were pleased to consent that the sum of £. 301. 6 a. g d. being the Amount of Interefi due on his declared Balance, should be remitted, and that he should be further indulged by the Payment of the sum of £649. 5*. 9(L by seven Annual Payments.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 19th March 1804. 3

N. Vanjittart.

v

44 Geo. III.

•Appendix.

569

A LISTnf PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS, inrtfp^iof whom tiMEMentionnftnypinctBnath b^D controntal, fufp^dci.or ffetenud, wwW »Lc AnlLMitjnftbeAflofUie39Ui and ,oth jnar of HU fnrfnn. Ma.ady, cn,54.fcc.,d ninth ... ,«uin in fora.

The Earl of Dunmore, late Governor from 1775 to 1777 -

Lfeotanant Colonel Henry Rodya rd.

Engineer in Canada, from 1784 to 1785

Balance due on Declared Accounts.

£.t.d.

- 1,133 — n4<

951 3 a

The Lords Commissioners of His Majest/sTreasury signified to th* Commissionmfor Auditing the Puulic VUcounts, by Mr. Long’s letter of 10th March 1801, that the Earl of Dunmore was, in consideration of the special circumstances of his Lordiliip's case, permitted to pay the Balance of £. 1*133. or 11 \ d. together with Interest thereon, by four Instalments; Two of which, to the Amount of £, 728. iu, 3^d. have been already paid into the Exchequer.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majest/s Treasury signified, b? Mr. liilev Addington’s Letter of ifld April 180a, that the Accountant was permitted to pay the Balance of his Account by Annual Instalments; but it does not appear that any part thereof has b -en paid.

Appendix,

(No. 23

loniuftirfi

17# Apri*

Office for Auditing the Public Account*,) Somtrfet Place, jgth April 1804. J

J. T. Bast. John Martin; C. IV. Rouse

.ACCOUNTS of the TRUSTEES of The BRITISH MUSEUM.

D»

A State of the Accounts of The British Museum, 1803.

Bnard Wages -Bookbinding -Coals

Garden Expences Incidental Expences Rent and Taxes Repairs -

Stationary -

Salarish and Wages

Cash in f of Abraham Newland hands { of hlr. Planta •

£*,313 7l *3)

S3

£■ 1. d.

>49 IO —

133 H 2

162. — —

70 — —

281 l4 10

367' H 1

1,202* 7 6

46.12 10 *,859 12 8

4,*73_ 2,367 2 —

6,640' g 1

■ —A—

D n,. fofMr.Newlaad-/.28 4 6

By Calli in hands j pfr^ta 145 15 1 J

Bank Aonuitiea - *■«-*

The King's Librarian’s Salary - - * -

In full of the Parliament’s Grant of 1802 a

The Parliament’s Grant of this ysar

Cf.

£. *. 6.

173 19 1

900 — — 124 11 — 2,600 17 6 2,841 -

6,640 8 1

Appendix, (No. 24.) 21* Martii,

Expenditure of 1803 *

Repairs according to the Surveyor's EAimate

ESTIMATE of ACCOUNTS, for 1804.

f of Mr. Newland By Cath m hands JofMr PlanU

The King s Librarian’s b alary -Bank Annuities -Deficiency - - •

£• *• U

- 4t*73 i U

1,000 I

£ 5,*73 6 »

£■ «• A

4 2,313 7 —

- 53 15 —

- 249 2 —

m poo

+ 1,757 * 1

£■ 5,*73 6

th. January 1804,

Richard Miles, Accmintant.

A» ACCOUNT of all such BARRACKS as have been pulled down, or disposed of, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens j the Number of Mon and Horses they were calculated to contain; and the several Sums they were fold for.

Some Temporary Guard Houses, in the Isle of Wight, fold ft*

Y#t. 5*

7F

- £■ -79-

Ol. D$I(ittceyf

B. >L G1.

Appendix,

(No. 25 )

*4® Martii.

570

Appendix

<4/1804.

Appendix, (No. 25.)

22° Martiiy continued.


An ACCOUNT of all such BARRACKS as have been erected, or ordered to be erected, since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens; the Places where they arc fitimted; and the Number of Men and Horses they are calculated to contain; together with the several Dates of the Orders for efetting them t-espectively.

Names of Places. Men. Horses. Order when received by the Barrack Master General. a Remarks.

Ashford - a,160 140 March 18th - 1803. . Purchased ready built.

Arundel - . - 328 340 July 20th 1803.

Aldwick Green - - - 290 20 - D° -

Battle . - 30 September 14th 1803. Addition to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Berwick - _ . - . 30 -> D° -

* Berry Head . - 720 50 * August 10th 1803.

Blatchington - - - 17G 200 July 20th 1.803. * m r

Bex Hill - - - - 150 August 5th 1803. . l

Brabourn Leese . - - 3.348 270 July 20th - 1803.

Bognor - - - 290 20 D° -

Chatham- _ _ - 100 September 14th 1803. Addition to Old Barracks.

Colchester . - 4.544 740 August 12th 1803.

Chichester * _ _ . 1,268 410 July 20th 1803.

Croydon - - - - 360 372 September 9th 1803. Not proceeded on.

Deal 2,164 120 July 20th 1803. Part ordered January 20th 1804.

Dover - 70 September 14th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Dungeness - - - 30 D* - - - D° D°

Danbury - 816 80 August 12 th 1803.

Dunbar - - - - i.7>9 520 July 23d - 1803.

Laftbourne m 508 30 July 20th 1803.

Exeter - - - 204 210 August 22d 1803.

Gosport - . - 90 September 14th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Guernsey - - - - 612 - August 19th 1803.

Hythe - 2,172 130 July 20th 1803. Part ordered September 21ft 1803.

Flattings - - . 712 190 - - D* -

Ilorfham - _ _ . 100 September 14 th 1805. Additions to Old Barracks.

llaillham - - 940 40 July 20th 1803.

] lonitcn - - 76 85 August 22d 1803.

Harwich - _ - - L74 120 July 20th 1803. ' ' •

Haddington - - - L783 520 July 27th 1803.

Islington - 1,000 - October 20th - 1803. Not proceeded on.

Ipswich - - - 5,220 1,190 July 20th 1803. .: : /•

Kingsb ridge - - - 508 30 August 10th 1803.

I^ewes 1,420 610 July 20th . 1803.

Londguard Fort - - 30 November 3d - 1803. Additions to Old Barracks.

Little Hampton - - 364 20 July 20th 1803.

Malden 1,330 220 July 2otb 1803. -

Milford - _ . 200 - August 12th 1803. Not proceededon© r * 3

Muflel burgh - - - 1,903 200 July 27th 1803.

Norman Cross - 70 September 14 th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks©

Ottery - - 580 30 August 10th 1803. ■

Pendennis 576 30 August 10th 1803.

Pevenfey - 724 30 July 20th 1803.

Portsmouth - - 170 September 14th >803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun©

Plymouth - - - 4,428 200 August 10th -1 1803

Romney - _ . 196 194 July 20th 1803.

Rve and Plavdon * - 936 190 D° -

Biding Street - - - 30 September 14th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Sheerness - _ . 30 September 14th i8©3.

Sol l ea . _ 292 20 July 20th 1803.

Silver Hill . - . 100 September 14th 1803/ Additions to Old Barracks.

Shorelium _ * 79° 170 July 20th 1803.

Sunderland - - * 70 September 14 th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Stcyning - - - - 97° 40 July 20th 1803.

Truro - - - 204 222 August 22d 1803.

Weeley _ - 4,116 220 August 12 th 1803.

Wood bridge - - 4’7°2 940 July 20th 1803.

Winchelsea - -. 618 - D° mm

Winchester - 140 September 14th 1803. Additions to Old Barracks; not yet begun.

Windsor - - - - 30 D° - - - D* D"

Weymouth - 30 D° - --D0 L>°

■ 55,971 10,463

Besides tire abov>-mentioned Number of Men and Horses, Provision is also made for the Accommodation of Staff and Regimental Officers, Quarter Mailers, Serjeants, and Officers Servants3 Hospitals, Guard Houses, Mess Rooms, Kitchens, Barrack Stores, Troop Stores, Regimental Stores, Coal Depots, Forage Houses, Granaries, Dung Pita, and Privies, Farriers Shops, Magazine?, Engine Houses, Sheds for Artillery Guns and. Wpggons, Wells, Tanks, &c.

OL De Lancey>

B, M. G1.

V

le

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

£71

An ACCOUNT of the EXPENCES which have severally attended the Erection of all such BARRACKS as have been ere#ed since the Ratification of the Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens; dilhnguishing such as have been built by Contract, Engagement, or otherwise.

Sums paid on Sums paid on

BARRACKS and Account to Feb. «gth 1804, On what Terms BARRACKS and Account to Feb. 29th. 1804. On what Terms

HOSPITALS. the Date of the Order of the Erected. HOSPITALS. the Date of the Order of the E reded.

House. House.

Afirford - - - 10,000 Land and Barrack purchased. By Contract. Inde Terms, Bro* up - - 402.689

Aruudel 19*980 Honitoh - 9,200 By Contract.

infra. Harwich - - - 47,000 By - n°.

Aldwick Green ... 11,720 By - D*. Haddington 25,494 135,872 By - D\

Berry Head - 3*150 By - D°. Ipswich - £129,500 7 By

Blatchington - 5,900 By - D°. Purchase - 6,372 ) " JL>

Bexhdl - 5,240 By - D°. Kingsbridge 3,000 By -- D°.

Bfaybourne Leese - £. 79,840 1 80,365 By - D° Lewes - - - 32,120 By - D®.

Purchase of Land - 525 ) Little Hampton [- 12,080 By - D®.

Bognor - 11,000 By - D°. Malden - 43,660 By - D°.

Colchester - 53,860 By - D°. Mattel burgh 15,028 By - D\

Chichefier - - 43»98o By - D°. Ottery - 9,53° By - D®.

Deal - 12,340 By - D°.. Pendennis - 3,443 By - D°.

Danbury - 26,460 By - D°. Pevenfey - 21,200 By - D®.

Dunbar - - - *1,740 By - D°. Plymouth - £. 18,288 7 22,788 By - D°.

Eastbourne - 10,760 By - D°. Purchase' - 4,500)

Exeter - - - - £.3,880 7 4*405 By - D®. Romney - 10,740 By - D®.

Purchase - - 5*5 3 Rye and Playdon - - 15,14 By - D®.

Gnemfey - llythe - - £36*80 7 Purchase - 3,669) 8,800 40,449 By By - D\ - D®. Selfea ... Shoreham - -Steyninc -Truro - 11,500 7,240 25,900 2,880 By By By By - D°. - D°. - D®. - D®.

Hafiiogs - 14*140 By - D®. Wceley - 118,000 By - D®.

Uailfliam - 17*400 By - D°. Woodbridge Winchelsea 133*900 1,600 By - D°, - D®.

Car* up - - £■ 402,689

- 1,103,004

Appendix* (No. 25.) 2i° Alartii*

continued.

OL Dd Latteey,

B. M. GK T

A* ACCOUNT of the Dates of such Contracts or Agreements as have been entered into for all such Baracks as have been erected, or ordered to be crcded, since the Ratification of the.Preliminaries of the Peace of Amiens; with the Terms and Conditions attending the fame; together with the Names of the Persons who have made such Conteads or Agreements.

Barracks. Date of Contract.

Arundel - July 26th - - 1803.

Terms and Conditions.

Names of Contractors.

By Contract made between the Builder and the Barrack Master -1 General, to ere# the Barracks in a good, substantial, and workmanlike manner, with good and sufficient Materials of every denomination, according to the several Plans and Particulars fur-nidied by the Barrack Office, and to complete the same by a specified'time; and, if existing circumstances should make it ' necessary to stop the carrying on the Works, the Barrack Master General is at liberty so to do, upon paying for such parts only as may be executed, and for such Materials as may have been provided, and are actually on the Premises.—And it is agreed between the Parties, that the whole, when finished, shall be paid for by measurement, and fair valuation, according to th? Rates of Work-manfiiip and Price of Materials usually given, at or near the place Thomas Neill.-where the Barrack is built.—It is also agreed, that the several Payments on Account during the progress of the business, shall be paid after Certificates have been given by the proper Officers of the Barrack Department, dating, that the progress made upon the Works entitles the Builder to the fame,. reserving always in the hands of Government £. 12 perCent. upon the probable value of the Work done.—And lafily, that the Balance that may be due to the Builder, after the completion of the Barracks, shall be paid to him as soon as the Works are measured and the Accounts adjusted by the Persons employed by the Barrack Matter General fbi those purposes.

Aldwick Green -

Berry Head Blatchington Bexhill -Braybourne Leese Bognor

July 26th - - 1803.

September id - 1803.

July 26th - - 1803.

July 26th - - 1803.

July 26th - - 1803.

July 26th - - 1803.

By-- . D®

By- - D°

By- - D°

By - - D°

By- - D°

By - - Da

* - d*

- - D®

- - D°

- - D°

- - D*

- - D°

- D*

- John Sc obeli.

- Thomas Tomlins.

- William Allindar.

• Ab xand r Copland.

- Thomas Nrll.

Colfhefier -Chichefier -

- July 26th

- July 26th

1803. By - - D° -1803. By - - D° -

D®

D°

D°.

D*.

572

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. !$•} aa* Ma,

continued.

Account of the Dates of such Controls or Agreements as have been entered into for Barracks—continued.

Barracks. Date of Contract.

Deal - August 10th - 1803.

Danbury - July 26th - - 1803.

Dunbar - - * September 6th 1803.

Eastbourne July 26th - 1803.

Exeter - - September 23d - 1803.

Guernsey - September 15 th 1803.

Hythe July 26th - - 1803.

Hastings ... August 13th - 1803.

IiaiIlham - July 26th - - 1803.

Honiton - September 23d . 1803.

Harwich July 26th - - ^803.

Haddington *■ - September 6th - i8q£.

Ipswich - July 26th - 1803.

Kinglbridge September ill - 1803.

Lewes - July 26th - 1803.

Little Hampton - July 26th - - 1803.

Malden July 26th - - 1803.

Muflelburgh September 6th - 1803.

Ottery - - - September id - 1803.

"Pendennis - - - September ill - 1803.

Pevenley - - - July 26th - - % 1803.

Plymouth - September id 1803.

Romney - - * July 26th - - 1803.

Rye and Playdon - August 22d - 1803.

Selfea - July 26th - - 1803.

Shorehara - - - July 26th - - 1803.

Stcyning - July 26th - - 1803.

Truro ... September ill 1803.

Wcelcv - July 26th - - 1803.

Wood bridge July 26th - - i8<^J.

WincheKea -w 0 September 6th - 1803.

Terms and Conditions.

By Contract - - * (as in preceding page) By - - D° ...... D* - -

By - - D® ----- D®

By - j D® By - - D°

- - D*

- - D®

By - - D® ——

D®

Bv

By

By

By

- Dtf

- D°

- D°

- D9

- D°

- - I)°

- . D9 - D9

- - D°

- - D9

•S’ 1 D® - D°

By-* D® - - - - * D9

By * * D* - . ... D#

By - - D® - D9

By-- D® - - . - . D°

By-- D® - . . D°

- -S

By - - D#

D* -

By - - D9 - - m * D9 - - - . - - John ScobelL

By- D9 - m a- -• -D° .•— * •: D°.

By- - D° - - - - * D9 . William Allindar.

By- D° - D9 - John ScobelL

By - - D9 . > - - - . D9 t . Alexander Copland

By - * D0 - -• - D° - William Walker.

By- - D° - - - D° 1 _ Thomas Neill.

By- I)° - - - - I)9 - - Thomas Tomlins*

By- D° - D9 - * Thomas Neill.

By- D° - - - - D9 - - John Scobell.

By- Alexander Copland

By - * D° - D9 - - - m

By- - D° - D9 - - - -• { Walter Fuller. fJofiah Boots.

Names of Contractors*

George Leith. Thomas Neill.

Andrew Wilikua# John Baxter.

Ja* <Sc Alexr Remutta John Young. Thomas Aitkefe. Ralph Brody*

Thomas Tomlin*. Robert Corniih.

Robert Goodwin.

James’ Hacker. John' Knight. Thomas Tomlins. Robert Coruifti. Alexander Copland,

Ja* & Alexr Rennie. James Nilbet. Thomas Boiui&r. John Thin.

Andrew Wilfbn. John Baxter. Francis BmidwoodL

Thomas Neill.

John ScobelL

Thomas Tomlins* Thomas Neill.

- D\

John Baxter.

Ja* & Alex* Rennie. Andrew Wilton. Gavin Naiitnith. Archibald Bain. William Scott. James Whillas. James Crightoa. George Gordon. James Spadin.

Alex'1 "Pfcnnytfgok. James NitbeL

01. Delanc,

B. M. C*.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

5

Appendix (No. 2d.}

ACCOUNT

OF THE

PUBLIC INCOME OF GREAT BRITAIN,

FOR THE TEAR ENDED FIFTH JANUARY 1804:

.73 Appe=

(No, aa* A

■ conli

Appendix.

.1804

:XTRAORDINARY RESOURCES Conflicting the PUBLIC INCOME of

ipt; the Rate Per-Centum for collating the fame ;—and, the Nature and Amount of the Payments iltinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in r January 1803 and 1804 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of the

IPT:

OTAL > U M

to be

bunted for.

RATE Per-Centum for which the

GROSS

REVENUE

was

Collected.

DRAWBACKS, DISCOUNTS, CHARGES of M ANAGEMENT, &c.

Paid out of the QROSS REVEN UE:

Repayments, Allowances, Dif-counts, Drawbacks, and Bounties of the Nature of Drawbacks) Difference of Exchange between Edinburgh and London; Allowances to the Two Universities on Account of Almanacks, and for Paper and

Irish Packet t Establilliment, with £.4,000 allowed to Iceland in lieu of Packet Portage *, also,

Iri fh Portage, received in Great Britain, and placed to the D^bit of this Kingdom.

1 Parchment

I to (lamp on

1. d. £■ X. d. €• s. d. £■ r. d. X. d. £• X. £• X. j.

.167 0 10J 4 10 2 2,233,195 19 ill - - - 491,400 16 si *>7*5,596 16 4 s 7,207,57° 4

472 iS 9i 8 0 0 161,703 2 63.564 18 7- 225,268 0 7i 569,204 18

539 19 8: 5 3 8 3 94,^99 1 >1'. - - - 555>9^5 15 cl 2,950,864 17 ol 7,776,775 2 7i

*02 17 9,' 3 1 1 726,654 2 si - - 556,478 15 1!- 1,283,132 17 5 16,930,670 0 4

*54 17 ioj. 7 11 0 89,633 17 9! "" ~ 125,079 6 2»4>7i3 4 9 i*44L54i 13 i

057 15 7ii 3 8 7 816,288 O 1 - - - 681,55s 2 1 1,497,846 2 2 18,372,211 13 si

•>ss 4 8! 3 3 10 106,217 7 ♦1 - - 107,237 17 °J 2 *3,4 5 5 4 S\ 3,144^6 3 3 0 *i

5 34 4 V 3 7 0 3»°97 6 4 11.593 19 0 14,691 5 4 201,942 19 5

m 9 si 3 6 6 109,314 *3 - - - 118,831 16 Oi- 228,146 9 9 \ 3,346,575 *9 7i

576 9 45 I 3 13 9 «. - 217.644 7 9 217,644 7 9 5.685,932 I 7i

155 5 *1; 1 3 9 10 — — " — 9,625 8 3 9,625 8 3 265,729 17 Si

>31 15 I 3 n 6 - 227,269 16 0 227,269 16 0 5,951,661 19 I

*42 17 81 24 12 6 - . 17*077 3 7 3"*915 15 >4 328,992 18 81 937,649 19 °i

53° 16 4l 12 8 _ 4m — " — 20,500 15 4 2 20,580 15 4* 137,950 1 0

<73 14 13 6 7 - 17*077 3 7 332,496 10 5! 349.573 14 oj 1,075,600 0 oi

>"5 io 7 1 i3 1 _ _ - — — * 320 18 7 320 18 7 48,654 12 0

5)3 H 7l 1 6 15 8 — ~ - " - 264 5 8 264 5 3*629 8 II

!69 5 2* I 2 > - - - 585 4 3j 585 4 3l 52,284 0 II

)42 0 III O 12 7 700 0 0 H — 325 12 6 1,025 12 6 5°>5l6 8 si

->66 10 lx O 12 0 " - — " " 16 *3 0 16 13 0 2,649 17 «i

toS 11 1 O I 12 7 700 0 0 - - - 342 5 6 1,042 5 6 53,166 5 7

>35 0 5i 8 11 3 - - - - £ 1 17 10 a*477 17 10 *6,457 2 7ij

792 3 10 36 0 9 - i- - - - 3,169 11 3 3,169 11 3 i 5,622 12 7

33° 14 6 4 11 9 1 3,321,201 15 9 4 17,077 3 7 1,922,696 18 7 5,260,975 17 36,660,354 16 6i

I J L...

CHARGES of

MANAGEMENT.

TjD T A L PAYMENTS out of the GROSS REVENUE.

NET PRODUCE Applicable to National Objects,

and to Payment!

into the Exchequer*

j

•if '

2nd

l‘atoftheB*uSc,;'?8

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

GREAT BRITAIN, FOR THE YEAR ENDED THE FIFTH JANt

out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively; — distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Pro the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th Days of January 1803 and 1804 respectively. Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, Issued for the Public Service, between i.v

PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE, Applicable to NATIONAL OBJECTS: - /v,

RATE Per-Centum for which the NET PRODUCE of the REVENUE was Collected. f , Payments on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants } Provisional Cavalry $ Defence of the Realm; and other Se 1 vices. Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c. Per.fions out of the Hereditary Revenue 3 and Perpetual Pensions and Stipends charged on the Land Revenue. Towards Expences incurred in securing and improving His Majesty’s Woods and Forests. By Virtue of Wai rants of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, under the Authority of different Acts of Parliament, towards the Suppi'iC of the Civil Government of that Cquntry. Monies Imprest in the Hands of different Per Tons, and Advances on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tar. TOTA PAYMEN out of t* NET PRODtJc

£■ »• J- £• *• <*• £- *• £. d. £• *• * £. s. d. ' £. i. £■

6 16 7 - - - 203,53? i3 4 - 401 I5 II 103,937

11 3 4 11,388 9 0 58,016 5 - " - - 58,492 5 1 i 150 O O 128,046 19

7 2 11 11,388 9 0 261,552 3 7} - - 58,492 5 i.t 551 15 II 33i»9s4 *3

3 5 * _____ 11,847 18 7\ 14,000 O O _ _ ' - — _ ... 25,847 18

8136 - 31,979 16 U-; — " 78,673 4 ij " " — 110,653 1

3 >4 - - - 43*27 15 7 14,000 O O - 7S>673 4 1’ - " - 136,500 19

382 . — — - 4 - - — — M 5,030 O O 5,030 0

5 H 9 "

3110 - - - - -• - - - ~ 5,030 O O 5,030 0

3 16 6 172,14? 9 lli 42,558 O O 214,703 c

3*5 21,137 II 11 21,157 11

'S 16 4 193,283 I ioj - - " " - 42,558 O O 235,841 1

33 5 3 — — _ __ _ 13,700 O O _ — _____ _ _ _ 13,700 0

14 18 4

3018 3 - - - - I 3,700 O O - " - 13,700 0

0132

7 5 5 - - — — " - " -

1 2 4

0 12 10

0 12 1

0 O

9 7 4 —

56 7 4

5 4 10 204,671 10 10 J 305,37919 ij 27,700 O O - ■37>i65 9 3 48,139 I5 II 723,05615

—' — 1

1

1

1

1 1

1

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

577

Appendix (No. Q6.y—continued.

ACCOUNTS

&SSPSCT1NO

THE CONSOLIDATED FUND,

AND

THE NET PRODUCE OF THE PERMANENT TAXES OF GREAT BRITAIN,

TOR. THE TEAR ENDED FIFTH OF JANUARY 1804.

Vol. 59;

578

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. *6.)

20* Marliiy

continued.

Ah ACCOUNT of the INCOME of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th January the 5th of January 1804 (subject to such Decrease of Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Interest and Management upon Stock of Management on Stock purchased by the said Commissioners; distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt exiting

INCOME.

Consolidated, after reserving £. 62,500 Quarterly, from 5th July 1803, as directed by Ad 43 Geo. lli.cap. 68. to be carried to Duties pro Anno 1803 -

CUSTOMS:

Quarantine Duty ^Canal and Dock Duty

EXCISE DUTIES CONSOLIDATED -

STAMPS:<

Consolidated -

Medicine Duty ......

bills and Receipts, A9 1793 ......

Game Duty -

Attornies Articles, A° 1794 ......

Stamp Duties, A° 1795 - -

Ship Policies ......

Hair Powder Certificates (Arrears)

Receipts

Horse Dealers Licences, A0 1796 (Arrears) r

Legacies ——

Hats ——

Deeds, A* 1797 -

Stage Coaches ——

Armorial Bearings, A° 1798 (Arrears) ......

Small Notes, A° 1799 - -

Stamps, A° 1801 ——

Reserved out of Duty on Receipts, A0 1803, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 126 Licences for felling Lottery Tickets -

compositions for Stamps by the Bank of England

INCIDENTS;

Letter Money -

Houses and Windows - -

Inhabited Houses -

Riding Horl'es -

Husbandry D° ——

Male Servants -

Four-wheeled Carriages -Two - D° - - D°

Dogs - -

£■ 10 per-Cent. on Assessed Taxes 1 £. 20 per-Cent. on — 1) - - J N '

Clocks and Watches (Arrears)

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 and 1784

6 d. per Lib. on Pentions -

is. — D° — Salaries -

Seizures -

Profers -

Compositions -

Rent of Alum Mines -

-----a Lighthoulc -

Alienation Duty -,

Fines find Forfeitures -Hair Powder Certificates ——

horse Dealers Licences -Armorial Bearings ——

Duty on Waggons, A* 1785 (Arrears)

Carried forward ——

£■ *■ d.

3,672,494 19 11

12,983 15 8

30,140 14 -i

• m 1,112,273 14 1 1

28,435 12 7

202,640 12 6

24,028 14 10

23,568 11 1

38,197, —

116,848 11 —

171 3 2

8,114 18 2

45 l 2

153,192 13 3

38,213 — 10

4

61,774 19 10

25 2 4

18,995 17 4

525,175 6 6

16,726 —

5,329 15 10

3,139,167 14 10

24,000 —

892,000

1,809,623 l6 -1

404,950 16 2j

541 >9‘25 1 11

530,369 4

224.822 18 2

172,0*3 5 5i

119,866 11 5i

112,204 — 4*

1 1 7

41615 iS

9911

5,269 — —

26,00713 6

53,166 — —

45,056 — —

79,390 n il

637 — 3

210 —

960 — —

6 13 4

2,767 15 4

60 13 4

44>852 2 9

2,420 12 10J

21,443 — — 2 n|

s. d.

H*297>313-----

3,163,1671410

5,096,4m 16 9

26,272,691

44 Geo. HI

Appendix.

•570

1804; and also, of the A dual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the Future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt) on Account of Laud Tax Redeemed; and also from Decrease in Charges prior to 5th January 1803; alto, the Income derived from the Duties imposed in the subsequent Year; together with the Charge created therein.

Appendix; (No. 26.) 2o# Mar'tii9

totilinUed. i 1 11—— v'" —

CHARGE. Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, In the Year ei tiled 5th January 1804. Future Annual Charge upon the ConlolulHted 1'ilnd, as it flocAi on the 5th January 1804.

.EXCHEQUER; Annuities for Long Terms, £.3,700 per Week, Excise ----- £• *• d. 14.303 1 8 £. r. d. 8,460 13 4

Anno 1706 - -- - 44,724 ii 6 04,744 11 6

1707 - . 8,154 4 2 8 15* 2 2

1708, lft Act ----- w - - 4,918 i4 7 4,916 ii 7

D° - 2d Act 10,597 5 3 *0,597 5 3

for 2 and 3 Lives - - 8,195 I2 — 8,105 12 —

Single Lives, Ahno 1745 - -- - 14,318 5 — 14,3.8 5 —

1746 - - - - * . - 22,466 lO 22,466 10 —

i?57 - - - - - - 24,5<57 5 — 24,567 5 —

,778 - - 2,769 13 — 2,76913 —

1779 - 5,174' 18 7 5,‘74 1? 7

with Benefit of 1 A0 --Survivorship, | A *766 ----- 540 546

- - D° - - - A° 1789; with Management - - - - 44,452 1 — 441452 1 —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY5 On their present Capital of £.44,065,084. 13*. njrf- at £.3 per-Cent. per Annum of Management . - - - - -; with Charges 735,974 i 3 " 7351974 i3

CHIEF CASHIER OF TBE SOUTH SEA COMPANY: Annuities on £. 1,919,600, at £.3 per-Cent. per Annum; with Charges of Management 58,306 7 4I 58;i99 6 g

BANK OF ENGLAND: On their Capital of £. 4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company; with"' Management ----- a OJ OS 141,898 3 5 141,898 3 5

£. 5,000,000, for cancelling Exchequer Bills - - - - - £ s * 15,000 i5;oooo

£.1,250,000, granted A0 1714 ----- 37,5oo 37.500

£.1,750,000,- -1719 ----- h. 54,500 54,500

£.3,400,000, - - - - 1743; with Management -£. 986,800, - - - - 1748 ----- , 100,000 100,000 29;6o4

■3 29,604 — —

1 CHIEF CAShlttt OF THE BANK OF fiNGLAND: Annuities on £. 321,846,775. 14*. <i\d. Capital of £.3 perrCent Consolidated AnnifHies, at 5 th January 1803; with Charges of Management ----- 9,803,931 12 9 9,786,539 13 li

Management on the Capital of £-1,740,625, created A° 1802, the Interest upon which is not to commence till 5th January 1808 - - 1,566 11 3 783 5 7i

n £.106,047,310. 1. 9. Capital of £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, at 5th April 1803; with Charges of Management 3,428,998 18 si 3,215,972 — 9l

On £. 1,000,000. |at £.3 per-Cent. A0 1726; ----- - with D° 30^.50 30,450

CO £.49,725,084. 17. 2. at £.4 per-Cent. ----- - with D° 4,010,412 10 4,010,40 i 17 —

£.28,125,582. 19. 7. Consolidated Annuities, at £.5 per-Cent. - with D° 1,418,935 13 1 i,4i8;935 >3

£•^2,352,456. 5. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, Annis 1797 & 1802 - with D° 1,147,681 8 4 1,127,681 8 4

P< Z For 99, 98, 80, 78, 77, 75J, 69J, 66J, 65J, 644, 83^. 62^, 6*i|, arid 58}^ Years, granted Annis 1761, 1762, 1780, 1782, 1783, 17S4, 1790, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, and 1802; with Charges of Management - -- -- 1,036,733 2 6$ 1,036,736 2 6|

< For 30 and 29 Years, granted Annis 1778 and 1779, and for i8j Years, A# 1790* in lieu of Life Annuities at the Exchequer- with D° - 423.039 5 9i 423,039 5 9l

On £.3,833,333. 6. 8. A° 1795, at £.3 per-Cent. called Imperial Annuities; with D° -On £.3,669,300. A° 1797, at £.3 per-Cent Imperial Annuities; - - - - with D# - 116,745 111,554 13 2j > Uncertain:

, An ^For 25 Years, Imperial Annuities, A® 1795; - -- - - -- with D° - GOVERNOR and COMPANY of The BANK of ENGLAND, upon Account of the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt. nual Charge by Ad 26 Geo. 3d1 ----- 232,5*7 lo — 1,000,000 1 i ,00b,bob

- - - D® - - - - 42 D° 300,000 400,000 — —«

Annuities £.14 per-Cent. and 2-7 ths Excise, by A As 40 and 50, and 5* and 6° Will, and Mary, at the Exchequer, which expired A0 1792 - - 54,880 14 6 54,880 14 6

- - D® - - for 10 Years, which expired-A° 1787 ----- 45,000 45jOOOO

Annuities at £. 1 per-Cent. viz. -On £.170,995,486. 19. 4. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities - — — - 1,706,954 17 4 1,706,954 17 4

£. 43,911,487. 10. 0. £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced D° - - - 4391114 17 6 439,114 17 <J

£• 16,975,084. 17. 4. £.4 per-Cent. Gonfoi* D® - - J. 169,750 16 10 169,750 16 10

£. 10,255,589. 9. 9. £.5 per-Cent T - D° D° - - - 104,355 17 $ 101,555 »7 i

£. 22,352,456. 5. 0. - D°- - D® - - Annis 1797 & 1802 - - - 223,524 11 3 223,524 n 3

Long Annuities, calculated on the future Actual Value thereof, at the ehd of 45 Years, from the respective Commencement of the said Annuities, reckoning the fame at £. 3 per-Cent. 43,542 — 1 43,54* —

On £. 139,250, being the Proportion for Ireland of £. 1,740,625 Capital, created A* 1802, upon which the Interest is not to commence till 5th January 1808 ----- 1,392 10 — 1,394 10 —

On £.3,699,300 Imperial Annuities, created. Anno 1797 - - - 4 36,693 — _' 36,693 — — t

Carried forward - - - £. 251079,791 13 1} 24.381;76» S

580 Appendix. A. 1804

Appendix, (No. «6.) 40* Maniiy

continued.

Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great

IN C O M E—continued.

Brought forward -

Surplus of

C Duty on Sugar

Malt Tobacco

Annually granted

Land Tax, Anno 1799

1800

1801

1802

1803

» . D* - on Pensions, See. 1799

1800

1801

1802

1803

Income Duty, Anno 1799

1800

1801

Money reserved on account of Nominees, appointed by the Lords of the Treasury, in Tontine, A° 1789 ......

C Goods and Shipping, A° 1798

4 Additional MYelVed Taxes, D°

Arrears ot< Land Taxes> pnor to 1?9s

( Malt Duties -

Voluntary Contributions

£■ *• d-

1,044,096 8 2|

973,661 10 11 188,228 5

48,-544 4 n J 14,825 15 ij 114,039 8 5

711,009 14 1

181,755 16 1

9.90»

7.832

2.3,096

7M36

5,200

9 G

15

10

n

4

3

2

10,66718 5

51,802 2 nj 295,000 12 ioi

£. s. d. 16,171,691 1 2}

1,105,986 13 3f

MONIES Paid bt ....

Edward Roberts, Esq. Residue of Exchequer Fees - . 0 - *

, Messrs. Meyncks, on Account of the Warwickshire Militia -

D° - - - D° - - Leicestershire Militia -

Sir James Davie, Bart, on Account of Penalty of Bonds ——

Abraham Newland, Esq. on Account of the Commissioners for the Ifiue of Exchequer Bills, per Ad 350 Geo. III. -

Thomas Everett, Esq. in Balance of his Account as Contrador for Victualling Soldiers at Gibraltar ——

Thomas Maude, Esq. on Account of the first Weft York Militia -

E. Smith, Esq. for Conscience-fake -

Joseph Alcock, Esq. from a Person unknown, for D*

Matthew Winter, Elq. D®~ - - - D° ——

IMPREST MONIES Repaid bt

The Executors of the Hon. General Murray, late Governor of Minorca, with Interest thereon

Charles Mason, Esq. late Commifiary of Accounts on the Continent

Lord Dunmore, late Governor of Virginia - -

Colonel Gord^, Paymaster of Contingencies in Nova Scotia -

Joseph White, Esq. Solicitor to the Treasury, on Account of the Executors of Richd Rigby, Esq. late Paymaster of the Forces -

John Smith, Esq. Agent to the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - -

Col. Rudfdell, Barrack-Mailer to the Forces in Corsica -

Sir Francis Baring, Bart, on Account of John Wigglesworth, Esq. late Commissary General . at St. Domingo -

Representatives of John Lambe, Esq. late Agent of the Wilts Militia -

Sir Hugh Dalrymple, late Governor of Guernsey - - - - 1 -

General Maitland, Commifiary to an Expedition against France -

Representatives of Major M‘Kerras, late Chief Engineer at St. Domingo. * -

Colonel Anstruther, late Quarter-Master General in Egypt

General Fox, Administrator to the late Lord Holland, late Paymaster of the Forces -

30,915 6 —

A>774 6 7 L739 1 3

3-----

174,000-----

574 n 7

320 19 6

13-----

100-----

15-----

Carried forward

1,307,94119 ni

357,47° *4 3l

14,182 13

148,858 11 11,450 1

io,43‘4 9 i| 4,809 17 1

3,5°°-----

*°9,455 4

8>834 9 4t 1,440 11 6

341 13 —

- 73

31,819 — 4

17,264 6 5

15 6 —

10,000-----

25 4 1 6 5 10JI

111 10 10 821 492 11 10 2,000 — -

73*3^9 9

3°,740,240 17 3i

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

581

Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1804^-continued.

C H A R G E—continued- Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1804. Future Annual Charge upon the Confolulated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1804.

- — - £■ *• d. £■ s. d.

Brought fprwarjl - -a !5.79,79i *3 *4.38l»76^ 5 6

CIVIL LIST:

898,000 898(000

COURTS of JUSTICE:

The Judges of EJngland and Wales, in augmentation of their Salaries - - -Aaron Graham, Eiq. luipedor of the temporary places of Confinement of Felons, previous to 18,014 5 — h ' )

Tfanlportation, by Ad.42 Geo. III. cap'. 28. - -- - 350 . > Uncertain.

Patrick Colquhoun, Esq. Receiver of the Thames Police Office ----- 7,625 19 6 1 L

William Baldwin, Esq. Receiver of the Seven Public Office^ of Police ----- 15,628 2 6 . )

Henry Moreton Dyer, Esq. Chief Justice of the Admiralty Court in the lfiand of Bahama, per

Ad 43 Geo. III. - 473 ® * 2,000;

John Bedford, Esq. - - D° - - Barbadoes - -- - +73 8 1 2,000

Henry Holland, Esq. - D® - - Jamaica - - - 473 2,000

The Sheriffs of' England and Wales - -- -- -- 4,000 4,000

Keeper of the Hanape* of Chancery ----- 3,000 3,000

MINT: ,

Master of His Majesty's Mint in England - , - - - - 10,350 13,800

Thomas Momfon, Eiq. Receiver of the Fees and Emoluments in the Office of the Mint, in the

Tower of London, by Act 39 Geo. III., - -- -- 2,308 11 2 Uncertain.

Master of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland - -- -- 1,200 1,260

SALARIES and ALLOWANCES: The Right honourable Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his

Allowance of £. 6,000 per Annum - - - .- - - - 1,524 16 — Uncertain.

Lord Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest - -- - 7,000 7,000 — —

Philip Deare, Esq. late a Deputy D° - - - 300 300

Edward Roberts, Esq. on the yearly Sum of £.650. formerly, paid to the Auditor of the -

Exchequer - - - - 650 650

John Thomas Batt, Esq, Commissioner for Auditing the Public Accounts - 1,000 1,000

John Martin Leake, Esq. another 500 — — 500 ‘

John Erskine, Lfq. - D° - - 500 — — 500

HonWc Bartholomew Bouverie, D® - 1,000 1,060

Sir C. R. Boughton, Bart. - D° - - . - 1,000 11 1 1 gf 0 °-~ <0

Salaries in the Office of Clerks of Public Accounts - -- - - -- - 6,000

George Atwood, Eiq. inspector of Toiitme (Certificates, At 17$9 - 750

Chief Cashier of the bank of England, for Fees paid at sundry Public Offices - - - 819 17 6

Thomas Mil (ham, Esq: Secretary to CtfmmifBohers for issuing ’Exchequer Bills, by Ad 35

500 — —

Richard Clarke, Esq. Chamberlain of the City of London, for the better Improvement of the Port of London - -- -- - - -- 55,000 I Uncertain

James Wyatt, Esq. towards eredinga Lazaretteon Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent 15,000 — —

J. Williams, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for enquiring into Abuses in the Naval

Department - - - - of * - - *- *- *. *. 2,000

His Royal II ighness the Prince of Wales ----- 65,000 — — 65,009

60,000 60,000 — —

14,000 — 14,009

12,000 12,000 ‘

12,000 *12, OOQ

12,000 12,000 — —-

12,000 12,000 — —

12,000 12,000

8,000 8,000

----- - Ditto ----- ----- 9,000 9,000

4,000 4,000

Earl of Chatham - * - - — - 4,000 4,000

Lord Rodney ----- --- 2,00.0 2,000

Ileathfield - - 1,500 1,506

Lady Dorchester - -- -- -- -- - 1,000 1,000

3,000 3,000

1,000 1,000

Lord St. Vincent ----- ----- -- 2,000 2,006

Duncan - -- -- -- - - - 2,000 2,006 -

2,000 * 2,006 — "

- - - - Hutchinson - -- -- -- -- 2,000 — — 2,006

Lady Abercrombie ----- ----- ----- 2,000 2,000 -

Sir Will. Hen. Ashhurst ----- ----- 2,000 2,006

4,000 4,006

Sir Sidney Smith ----- ----- 1.000 1,000

Duke of Richmond - -- -- -- -- 12,666 13 4 12,666 13 4

560 500

3,000 3,000

Sir James Saumarez, K. B. ----- 2,978 7 — 1,206

Duke of Portland, for the Prince of Orange - -- - - -- - 16,000 16,000 — —

Lord Boringdon and others, in Trust for Lord Amherfk - - 3,000 3^000

Carried forward * - £. 26422,878 9 4: 25,611,578 18 10

Vol. 59j.

71

Appendix, (Nd. 26.) 200 Mar-tUi

ooutmued.

582

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. a«.) 20" Martiiy

continued.

Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

I N C O M E—continued.

' £■ d. £■ *■ d.

Brought forward - - - - > - - - . A. 30,740,240 17 3i

Money paid by Mefirs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interelf, Management, and £. 1 per-Ceflt. on Loans raised in Great Britain for the Service of Ireland, Annis 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802 - - - - * - % J . - A. 913,394 4 9

Total Income of Consolidated Fund, applicable towards paying the Charge exilling at 5 th January 1804 ----- - 31,653,635 a —

DUTIES pro A0 1 803: Surplus Duty on Receipts 1803, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 126 Reserved out of Confold Customs, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. from 5th July 1803, at £. 62,500 per Quarter - -- -- - Surplus of Duties on Alleged Taxes, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 161. to commence from 5th April 1804. Money paid by MciTrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, Management, and/. 1 per-Ceitt. on Loan of /. 2,000,000 (Part of £. 12,000,000) raised by Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 67, for the Service of Ireland ----- 14,436 17 8 125,000 — — 69.889 15 7 209,326 13 3

Total Income of CONSOL I DAT D FU N I), in the Year ended 5 th January 1804 - £. 31,862,961 15 3$

Exchequer, the 2oth day of March 1804.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the PERMANENT TAXES of Great Britain:

In the YEARS Ended

t r 5th Jan* 1803. \ 5th JanX 1804.

Consolidated, after reserving £. 62,500 per Quarr /• 1

by Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. from £. t. d.

July 1803 - - - - 3,063,061 1 9 3,672,494 19 11

CUSTOMS: < Quarantine Duty - 8,453 13 7 12,983 15 8

/. 4f per-Cent. ----- 7,846 5 11 27,815 18 93

- Canal and Dock Duty - - - 21,096 9 i | 37,784 — 6 i

EXCISE: - Consolidated ----- 12,664,084 2 8 H,297>3»3

Consolidated ----- 1,083,249 4 11 1,112,273 14 1

Stamps, per Bank ----- 12,000 12,000 — —

Bills, &c. 1793 ----- 211,981 14 7 202,640 -1.6

Game - 28,200 14 7 24,028 14 10

Attornies Articles, 1794 - 25,659 6 — 23,568 11 1

Stamps, 1795 ----- 36,365 3 9 38,197 18 —

Ship Policies - 108,168 9 4 116,848 11 —

Hair Powder Certificates (Arrears) 7,823 5 9 371 3 2

Receipts 10,53616 1 8,114 18 2

Ilorfe Dealers Licences (Arrears) - 1,072 16 6 13 * 2

STAMPS: < Legacies - 131,189 10 5 153.192 13 3

Hats - -- - 37,278 16 6 38,213 — 10

■ Deeds, 1797 729,116 2 4 765>4i° 13 4

Stages ----- 58,432 17 2 61,774 19 10

Armorial Bearings, 1798 (Arrears) 12,598 12 6 25 2 4

Small Notes, 1799 - 16,960 16 1 18,995 17 4

Competitions for Stamps, per Bk 1799 12,000 , 12,000 —

Stamps, 1801 507,142 7 6 525,175 6 6

Medicine Duty ----- 14,101 2 10 28,435 12 7

Receipts, 1803, reserved Quarterly, /. 16,726.

per Act 43 Geo. Ill; cap. 126 A - % - - 16,726

Carried forward - - /. 18,808,419 9 10 J 21,206,397 13 11

Appendix

583

44 Geo. III.

for the Year ended 5th January 1804—continued.

C H A R G E^-continued. Attual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year eliding 5th January 1804. ' Future Annual C’harg t up«h the Consolidated fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1804.

Brought forward * £■ *• «/• 26,422,878 9 4f £ *5,611,578 18 10

BOUNTIES:

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Scotland - 2,95*5 »3 2,956 13 8

Total Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, created prior to 5th January 1803, as it flood in tile Year ending 5th January 1804 - - - 26,425,835 3 — 25,614,535 12 6

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 12,000,000, raised for the Service of the Year 1803:

Annuities on £. 9,600,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - -. 144,000 — — 292,320

Annuities on £. 9,600,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D° 28,938 292,320 — —

Annuities for 56^ at 6 s, 5 d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° - 3,877 5 5 38,933 2 6

Annuities at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ----- 97,882 12 9J 195,765 5 7

Total of the Actual Payments*out of, and Future Charge upon, the") ~ Consolidated Fund, for the Year ending 5th January 1804 - - j *»' 26,700,533 l 34 26,433,874 — 7

1

James Fisher.

Appendix, (No. 26.) 20* Mar tit.

continued.

Taken for Two Years; ending respectively on 5th of January 1803 and on 5th of January 1804.

In the YEARS Ended

I 5th Jan* 1803. \ 5th Jan* 1804.

£■ s. d. £■ 8. d.

Brought forward - * 18,808,419 9 101 21,206,397 13 11

Houses and Windows - - - - ' 1,593,224 12 7 i 1,809,623 16

Houses - - - - 277,921 19 Hi 404,950 16 *1

Riding Ilorfes - - - - 476,421 8 541,925 1 1|

Husbandry Ditto - - - 433,434 11 3i 536,369 4

Male Servants - - - - 202,569 7 6i 224,822 18 -2

Four-wheel Carriages - - - 184,389 5 7 i 172,013 5 5 4

Two-wheel Ditto - - - 90,090 2 74 119,866 11 5 4

Dogs - - - 90,178 3 -i 112,204 — 44

£. 10 per-Cent. - - - - H 11 4 4 1 1 7

£. 20 per-Cent. - - - - 376 1 416 15 11

Clocks, &c. (Arrears) . - - - 103 15 — 4 99 11 *4

Letter Money -• - - - 935,000 — 892,000 —

Hawkers and Pedlars - - - 4,625 — — 5,269 — —

Hackney Coaches and Chairs - - - 25,055 13 5i 26,097 13 6

INCIDENTS: < 6d. per Lib. on Pensions - - - 67,728 53,166 —

1 s. - D° - on Salaries - - - 57,988 3 7 I 45,056 — —

Seizures - - - - 62,073 3 7 4 79,390 11 1 i

Profers - - - - 640 19 2 637 — 3

Competitions - - - 1 13 4 2 10

Rent of Alum Mines - - - - 960 — 960 — _ -

Ditto - a Lighthouse - - - 6 13 4 6 13 4

Lottery Licences - - - 997 8 8 5,329 15 10

Alienation Duty - - - 2>94* 5 4 2,767 15 4

First Fruits - - - - 2,962 17 2* 3,896 7 —

Tenths - - - - 9,883 7 10 9,828 4 5 i

Fines and Forfeitures - - - - 580 — 60 13 4

Arrears of Waggons - 4 — . -— 2

Horie Dealers Licences, A°1796 - - - 2,420 12 10 J

Ilair Powder Certificates, A0 1794 - 44,852 2 9

Armorial Bearings, A° 1798 - - 21,443 — 114

£■ 23,328,58718 26,321,874 17 ni

DUTIES pro Anno 1803.

Surplus of Duty^on Receipts, after reierving as diredfced by Act

43 Geo. III. cap. 126. 14,436 17 8

Brought from Consolidated Customs, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. - - - 125,000 — —

£■ 23,328,587 18 14 26,461,311 15 7 4

Duty on Sugar 2,917,018 10 5 4 2,543,93 18 64

- - - Malt - - > - Annually granted - > 842,830 6 1,253,591 19 11

- - - lobacco -J - - - ) 442,922 — — 451,940 — —

jC- 27,531,358 l4 9i 30,710,747 -3

Exchequer, > 1

the 20th day of March 1804*3 JamCS FtJbcT•

584

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 26.)

contirived.

23* Mart it.

Air ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Great Britain, for Eighteen Years* ending 5th January 1804; didinguiffiing each Year, and didinguiffiing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports: And didinguiffiing the Value of Britishi Produce and Manufactures Exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported; together with the difference between the Official Value, and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported, in the Year ending 5th January 1804,

Years. Official Value of Imports from Official Value of

/ East Indies and China. All other Parts. r ~ British Produce and Manufactures Exported. Foreign Merchandize Exported.

t £■ J. d. £■ A. d. £. s. d. £. *. d.

1786 - - 3,156,687 — 7 >2,629,385 6 10 11,830,372 18 11 4,475,493 9 3

1787 - - 3,430,868 — 6 >4,373,146 15 7 12,053,900 3 5 4,815,889 3 t

1788 - - 3.453.897 3 5 >4,573,272 >7 10 12,724,719 17 9 4,747»5i8 10 6

1789 - * 3>3&>.545 4 10 14,458,557 5 9 13779,506 2 6 5,561,042 15 1

1790 - - 3,149,870 H 4 15,981,015 10 11 14,921,084 9 7 5,199,037 7 7

1791 - - 3.698.7 >3 13 — >5.97 >.069 — 7 16,810,018 16 4 5,921,976 10 11

>79* - - 2.7° >.547 9 4 >6,957,810 17 3 18,336,851 6 n 6,568,348 16 6

>793 - - 3.499,0*3 12 10 . 15,757,693 16 10 13,892,268 17 7 6497,9 h 9 3

>794 - - 4.458,475 I 5 17,830,418 19 — 16,725,402 16 2 10,021,680 12 8

>795 - - 5,760,810 8 3 16,976,079 1 8 16,338,213 2 2 10,785,125 15 2

1796 - - 3,372,689 — 6 19,814.630 17 11 19,102,220 3 11 11,416,693 11 10

>797 - - 3,942,384 5 1 17,071,572 12 4 16,903,103 6 1 12,013,907 2 —

>798 - 7,626,930 6 9 20,230,959 1 11 19.672,503 — 9 13.919.274 >3 11

>799 - - 4,284,8.05 9 10 22,552,626 16 5 24,084,213 — 10 11,907,116 3 11

1800 - * - 4.942,275 10 9. 25,628,329 15 7 24,304,283 13 6 18,847,735 I. —

1801 - - 5.424,441 16 4 27.371,1 >5 5 3 25,699,809 6 1 16,601,892 IO 2

1802 - 5,794,906 13 3 25,647,412 4 5 26,993,129 13 — 19,127.833 3 8

1803 21,646,968 11 3 22,253,101 »3 3 ii,537, H8 — 3

Inspector General's Office, ) William Irving,

Custom-house, London, > Inspefler General of the Imports and

23d March 1804. j Exports of Great Britain.

Note.—The Real Value of British Produce and Manufactures, exported to all parts of the World, as ascertained under the Acts of the 42d and 43d of llis Majesty, cap. 43 et 70, and from other correct sources of Information, amounted in the Year ending the 5th January 1803, to £.48,500,683, and in the Year ending 5th January 1804, to £.40,100,870.

In the Account of Foreign Merchandize, the Official Edimates are iu general under the Real Value, but in the indance of Coffee exported* they greatly exceed; and therefore, in order to shew the actual comparative date of this Branch of our Trade, the price of Coffee is reduced t»

its Real Value, as follows; Viz. 1801. 1802. 1803.

Reduced Value of Coffee. Official Value of all other Articles - 3,323,994 -• -11,094,843 - - - - 1,562,742 - - - 7,760,515

Total Value of Foreign Goods Exported £. 12,087,047 - - -14418,837 - - - - 9.323,257

The Account of the Value of the Imports from India and China, for, the Year ending 5th January 1804, cannot yet be prepared.

The difference between the Sums dated in the present Account, and those returned in the Account of lad Year, arises from fundiy Over Entries and Allowances, and other circuradances, which could not at that time be ascertained.

An ACCOUNT of the Official or Rated Value of all IMPORTS into Great Britain (exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and China) during the lad Seven Years; distinguishing each Year; and the principal Articles imported.

Species of Goods. 1797- 1798. 1799- 1800. 1801. 1802. 1803.

£ £■ £■ £■- £■ £

Allies, Pearl and Pot - 121,578 186,707 162,456 238,152 191.327 148,254 142,786

Barilla - - - 28418 70,923 80,708 96,730 34,780 84.518 77,70s

Cochineal - - 16,580 83,052 270,610 169,940 203,805 282,775 184,642

Coffee - - - - 2,391,883 2,977,309 2,568,570 3,949,471 4,416,822 3,035,216 1*474,15*

Com - - - - 1,179,376 1,218,144 1,097,702 2,675,046 3,032,278 1,159,670 935.657

Currants - - - 53,996 65,994 78,830 75,386 52,127 98,287 106,59+

Flax, Rough - - 401,371 766,196 8*8,401 804,938 530,328 529,973 575,1*3

Hemp, Rough - - - 414,794 550,658 639,685 506,956 636,267 406,066 613,494

Indigo - - 47,618 17,5*2 54,283 87,948 73.641.- 67,806 86,217

Iron, Bar - - 361,322 507,840 472,732 374,949 3*6,609 517,269 4*5,205

Linen - - - - 1,794,211 1,750,176 2,226,751 1,742,835 1,695.329 2,056,755 1,641,626

Madder and Madder Roots - 166,691 112, Q62 132,869 213,83* 167,025 297,545 214,507

Oil, Ordinary - - 16,538 25,652 44,528 121,869 33-193 66,353 129,916

Train - - - - 237,695 200,652 214.333 212,377 205,254 248,204 258.405

Provisions - - - - 1,237,93* 1,203,192 1,055,849 1,229,902 1,027,129 1,092,530 1,221,81+

Quickdlver - - - - 27,051 32,031 27,184 22,15a 44,697 113,811 17,110

Raisins - - - 51,633 93,480 67,985 89.410 79,4*8 90,130 90,54*

Rice - - - - 88,313 150,627 68,675 232,619 193,337 74,269 77,212

Seeds, Linseed - - - 88,452 102,413 105,170 131,697 84,191 132,752 116,877

Silk, Raw - - - 54,198 137,168 301,768 89,630 145,273 211,059 183,390

Thrown - - - 481,994 483,682 561,224 400,460 330,178 475,452 461,716

Skins and Furs - - - 243,512 285,631 230,647 385,693 259,991 295,3*4 290,985

Spirits, Brandy - - - 150,211 149,965 184,502 234,676 260,387 213,617 217.793

Rum - - - 159,769 375,671 247,602 334,504 420,845 441,374 370,182

Sugar, Brown - - - *,769,763 3,470,994 4,471,341 4,026,057 5,351,707 5,708,704 4,232,143

Tallow - - 268,658 479.334 497,768 450,854 . 358,406 604,805 583,641

Tar - - - 70,9*22 116,126 391,164 166,311 99.580 92,996 86,507 187,176

Tobacco 260,881 354-375 365,716 423,089 253,510 346,400 ( continued,}'

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

58o

Account of the Official or Rated Value of Imports into Great Britain, &c.—continued.

Species of Goods. 1797- 1798. *799- 1800. 1801. 1802. 00 0 t?

Whalefins -Wine, Portugal Spaniffi and other Wines Wood, Deals - Logwood - Mahogany - — Mafis - Redwood - Timber, Fir - Wool, Cotton -—— Spaniffi -Yarn, Linen, Raw All other Articles £■ 68,831 306,229 76.443 68,821 84.073 59.658 261,093 10,781 91.811 733,596 278,204 359,541 1,487,131 £■ 70,082 419,818 143,567 81,460 62,957 26,360 137.259 18,396 107,160 999.921 157,642 440,679 1,560,393 £■ 65,409 600,410 231,657 80,333 107,423 35,212 117,902 33,926 117,709 1,226,811 302,674 525,367 1,900,935 £■ 59,580 512,886 257,465 88,137 121,233 77.768 209,999 57,373 13R.893 1,663,375 503,169 505,978 2,069,088 £■ 61,916 704,469 224,994 84,808 86,528 59,066 356,138 70,388 119,839 1,788,856 395,044 423,214 2,265,416 £■ 84,772 547,843 181,717 86,623 73)955 82,610 155,778 96.727 191,054 2,002,309 392,289 417,829 2,451,311 £■ ' 60,586 686.569 227,445 106,526 146,562 140.569 170,864 33,180 212,038 1.777,371 284,110 375,398 2,162,738

Total - - - 17,071.57a 20,230,959 22,552,627 25,628,329 27,371,115 25,647,412 21,646,968

Deduct Corn and other Grain Total (exclusive of Corn and^ other Grain, and exclusive of I Importations from the East f’ Indies and China - - -= = 1 = - aaa 1,267,689 1.368,771 1,166,377 2,907,665 3,225,615 1,233,939 1,01*2,869

15,803,883 18,862,188 21,386,250 22,720,664 24,145,500 24,413,473 20,634,099

Custom-houie; London 6th April 1804,

»ce, 1 >n, > J

Iilfpeftor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Official or Rated Value of BRITISH PRODUCE and MANUFACTURES Exported froni Great Britain, during the lait Seven Years; distillguiffiing each Year £ and the principal Articles exported.

1797- 1798. 1799- 1800. 1801. 1802. 1803.

Species of Goods. Value. Value. Value. Value. Value. Value: v •, Value:

Apparel - _ 21,462 £• 60,192 1^,386 /• , 96,556 £■ 68,814 £■ 110,253 £■ 94,648

Bark, Oak - - 33>7°9 33,025 63*34 63,549 47,364 38,986 36,081

Beer - - 83.151 69,577 91,187 86,043 77,026 76,956 58,805

Brass, Wrought - - 219,099 211,163 63,966 346,611 419,507 364,745 408,115 318,486

Candles - - - 49,437 79,927 46,892 48,753 38,031 36,848

Coals - - 458,316 459,173 473,840 530,508 477,620 536,415 510)825 -

Copper, Wrought - - 397,495 413,939 515,967 514,216 511,919 669,303 482,909

Cottons - - - 2,446,144 3,544,280 5,556,554 5,323,834 6,465,173 7,130,904 6,467,198

Fiffi - - 275,14+ 270,490 251,418 253,267 236,295 192,303 115,025

Glass - - l6l,867 140,098 174,158 195,066 218,655 179,902 162,726

Haberdashery - - 1 - 148,067 142,138 144,978 129,074 111,964 109,308 73.101

Hats, Beaver -Felt - - 188,020 * 197,016 280,989 261,157 194,406 227,251 173,324

- - i*3>44° 125,688 155,120 137,113 149,748 139,136 104,809"

Hops - - 64,875 48,720 55,050 60,241 77,016 98,099 60,759

Iron, Bar - - >3,178 18,888 26,902 28,514 30,018 54,969 53,304

Wrought, Call, &c. - - 1,067,691 1,069,290 1,488,074 1,570,820 1,417,715 1)616,204 1,218,038

Lead - - 156,560 164,085 164,838 139,996 171,967 174,626 146,398

Leather, Wrought - 88,097 103,037 151,31° 98,370 , 95,647 97,168 80,616

Linens - - . 756,738 1,102,507 28,510 1,115,305 807,572 1,009,194 895,156 561,310

Oil, Train - - 17,600 31,334 105,770 61,892 147,868 41,228

Pewter - - - 80,637 80,453 121,320 113,330 110,305 67,650 54,168

Salt - - 128,293 165,178 182,299 197,872 270,817 219,274 160,804

Silks - - 295.805 225,189 305,803 296,826 280,482 232,445 154,7+1

Soap - - 53,864 78.149 108,956 95,685 77,769 91,480 57,295

Steel - - 70,958 57,315 180,597 121,808 136,082 123,887 121,193

Stationary - - 36,811 43,664 69,8^0 60,997 48,010 64,138 51,915

Stockings, Thread, Silk, inixt Cotton, and | 103,622 >54.447 199,264 180,834 219,184 «43,37i 167,431

Sugar, Refined - - - 492,981 687,319 342,958 1,105,548 935,935 M92,3i9 1,5+1 <65*

Tin - - 169,533 227,032 215,695 249,842 226,935 279,168 221,567

Woollen Goods - - 4,625,205 6,178,016 6,435,423 6,918,175 7,321,236 476,106 6,487,263 5,291,441 -

Yarn, Cotton - - - 20,175 77,235 302,734 528,014 536,031 744,250

AH other Articles 4,055,135 3,432,724 4,343,892 3.567,287 3,761,017 4,215,150 2,889,200’

Total - - -£■ 16,903,103 19,672,503 24,084,213 24,304,283 25,699,809 26,993,129 22,252; 101

Inspector General's Office, I _ William Irving,

Custom-house, London, > . Inspector General of the Imports and

6th April 1804. j Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Official or Rated Value of all F O RE IG N M E R C IIA N D I Z E Exported from Great Britain, during the last Seven Years; distinguishing each Year $ and the principal Articles exported.

1797-

Borax - 18,710

Brandy - 14,157

Cinnamon - 5,996

Cloves - 3,779

Cochineal +6,179

Coffee - - - 4>+54.703

Hemp, Rough f 6,940

Vo 1. 59.

1798. 1799- iSoo.

4,927 2,406 7,559

25,030 34,494 52,140

72,185 95,99+ 145,009

45.387 59,090 133,142

9,305 147,150 165,337

5,672,72 G 4,034,873 8,679,886

26,302 9,065 8,03a

lSOl. 1802. 1803.

42,454 60,350 8 '.359

37)759 29,628 40,049

10p,6*22 142.735 124,288

i°9>Sc)3 112,709 80,284

64,194 183,132 54,601

7,761,60(7 8,133,299 3,823,583

6,094 45,919 6,898

(continued.}

Appendix; (No. 26.) 6° April

continued.

586

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 46.)

6* Aprilis,

continued.

An Account of the Official or Rated Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, &c.—continued.

1797- 1798. *799- lSOO. 1801. i8o«. 1803.

* £■ £■ £■ £- £■ £■

Indigo - - 605,351 345,536 517,585 510,075 445,855 400,088 225,941

Iron, Bar - 83.30* 62,844 90,604 66,775 53,191 87,822 47,471

Linens - - - 3*3.758 533,478 904,876 508,826 587,392 44L774 267,550

tj 1 Nankeens Indla- (Prohibited - *.566,613 1,299.981 1,033,379 1,339,622 978,231 1,541,646 1,483,264

- 638,589 406,475 342,866 579,501 579,323 425,177 276,729

- *,235 14>971 28,895 37,188 44,306 70,488 81,708

- 687,922 703,057 662,128 708,653 787,313 654,823 487,703

Pepper - - - *47.175 3*8,471 134,520 >74,071 149,531 312,388 238,74+

Pimento - - - 16,460 20,150 34,840 48,382 36,834 26,990 28,148 -

Rice - - 69,7*6 72,785 44,614 6,390 20,789 210,276 54,310

Rhubarb - - - 69,201 22,446 51,182 58,910 129,541 153,261 75,483

Rum - - 114,862 95,265 386,521 431,599 388,486 390,773 196,876

Saltpetre - - 29,562 41,808 52,649 27,806 34,148 116,861 56,916

Skins and Furs - - 83,098 52,546 63,702 81,284 86,288 81,861 54,100

Sugar - - , *,403,186 2,045,096 *,052,634 2,361,332 1,576,666 2,740,388 1,817.443

Tea - - 351,678 5*8,676 685,599 456,482 710,439 621,659 568,664

Tobacco - - - 353,275 355,838 347,115 627,968 493,438 515,120 337,44+

Wine, Portugal - - 3*.34* 36,549 38,904 35,513 44,760 44,819 31,391

Spanish, and all other W mes 74,5*8 140,585 91,611 157,474 141,522 58,214 69,789

Wool, Cotton - - - 27,166 22,241 28,972 177.144 70,633 161,525 60,917

All other Articles - - 774,436 954,614 930,848 1,061,635 1,111,584 1,364,108 860,495

Total - - 12,013,907 13,919,274 11,907,116 18,847,735 16,601,892 19,127,833 11,537,148

Dedud over Estimate on Coffee - 2,601,297 3,301,748 2,350,972 5,031,898 4,514,845 4,708,996 2,213,891

■ £■ 9,412,610 10,617,526 9,556,144 13,815,837 12,087,047 14,418,837 9,323,257

Inspector General's Office, 1 Custom-house, London, > April 6th 1804. 3

William Irvings Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

*6* Martii.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and Registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1804.

YEARS. Vessels. Tonnage.

In the Year 1802 - -In the Year 1803 - being the Account delivered last Year, and now corrected ----- 1,281 1,350 137,508 1314006

Copies of the Certificates of Registry granted at many of the Ports in the Plantations, for the Year ending 5th January 1804, being unreceived, the Vessels that may have been built at such Ports are not included in this Account.

T. E. Willoughby, - - for - ~ J.

Assistant Regr General of Shipping, 26th March 1804.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of V ES S ELS, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the Bntifti Empire on the 30th September in the Y’ears 1802 and 1803; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, and the West Indies; as far as the fame can be prepared.

, . On the 30th September 1802,

being the Account delivered last Year,

* and now corrected. On the 30th September 1803.

r / , 1

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

England - * 13446 1,642,224 113,670 13,936 1,709,302 115,269

Jersey 55 4,367 559 83 7,264 995

Guernsey 93 8,610 634 137 11,988 1,614

Man - - *34 5,516 1,268- 372 8,799 2,138

Plantations 3*361 226,893 17»907 3,225 235,16+— 15,764

Scotland - 2*349 183,935 15,434 2,662 209,222 14,607

Ireland 1,030 56,510 5,058 1,030 56,510 5,058

Total - - 20,568 2,128,055 154,530 21,445 2,238,249 15.5,445

The Returns from many of the Ports in the Plantations being unreceived for the Year ending 30th September 1803, the Amount ©i the Shipping at Inch Ports have been taken from the corrected Accounts of the Year preceding; and the fame Mode has been pursued with respect to Ireland, no Account having been delivered to this Office, for the Year 1803.

T. E. Willoughby% — for - - J. Dailey,

Assistant Remitter General of Shipping. 26 th March 1804.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

587

An ACCOUN T of the Number of V E S S E LS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the fame, (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of England, from, or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1804; distinguishing British from IOTcign V diets; and the Countries from whence the said Yertels arrived, or to which they were bound.

ENGLAND. INWARDS. r OUTWARDS.

COUNTRIES. British. A Foreign. / British. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

S British Colonies Amenca t United States -Africa -Barbary - Cape of Good Hope - Dantric - Denmark and Norway -East Indies -Flanders -Florida -France - Germany - - - -Gibraltar and Streights - -Greenland & Davis’s Streights Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney ,&e. Hambro -Holland * Honduras (Bay of) -11 udion’s Bay -Ille of Alan -Ireland -Italy * Malta - Portugal and Madeira -Prussia -Rullia -Southern Fishery Spain and Canaries -Sweden -Turkey - West India S rnUni r* , < Conquered -Colonies j , f C roreign - - 241 88 3 9 4 112 346 70 4 4 301 95 16 87 382 60 182 3*2 •2 375 4,°53 166 22 34« 487 890 32 *99 66 27 479 35 52 42,938 20,85-5 7,598 1,001 9*3 24,230 44,926 57,765 334 925 22,322 *4,872 2,764 26,311 27,597 »i,833 24,722 8,250 626 12,606 397,576 23,465 5,999 46,828 110,276 209,596 9,445 26,752 10,100 5,150 148,660 7,861 13,577 2,4*7 *,035 581 54 6l 949 2,721 6,035 20 60 1.604 749 146 3,385 1,621 556 1,350 388 69 1,045 21,846 1,349 327 2.604 4,848 8,989 730 1,467 636 277 7^858 5*8 914 2 445 86 837 4 32 2 329 156 3 26 5io 27 5 80 909 13 137 279 16 173 107,654 18,242 164,766 1,530 3,012 372 25,661 18,128 900 4,505 34,321 3,483 974 10,045 122,532 3,126 19,653 47,428 3,624 14 5,069 - 8l2 8,687 8l I70 28 2,264 969 78 231 2,100 200 46 725 5,286 I44 1,088 2,709 224 286 47 132 2 3 3i 454 55 124 190 43 80 575 84 168 17 3 427 4,138 4i 13 208 315 790 39 63 66 9 374 49 v 12 47.640 12,214 30,136 211 1,510 6,669 81,921 50,095 9,939 32,277 6,391 24,3*8 38,244 18,239 22,410 4,777 780 16.641 407,230 5,928 <2,216 33,110 67,714 156,831 11,034 9,264 11,322 1,549 111,726 12,262 2,852 3,068 677 3,905 13 126 314 4,333 6,115 742 1,633 362 3,208 2,468 870 1,225 297 90 1,240 23,850 352 211 2,125 3,149 7,527 926 591 550 94 7,070 875 182 2 427 4 25 783 I 65 3 33i 155 4 30 393 1 27 59 828 38 141 127 1 8 533 104,906 613 8,543 153,661 387 5,646 960 25,466 24,849 800 5,824 27,817 90 5,580 9,396 114,667 9,443 20,966 21,353 273 1,497 22 5.283 56 349 7.804. 16 332 45 2,137 1,152 45 287 2,086 12 277 585 5,481 413 1,237 987 13 84

Total - - 9,3°2 *,368,673 77,209 3,898 590,129 30,925 8,838 1,237,460 78,188 3,453 543.330 28,703

Append (No. 26.) 26® Mar lit,

continued. —

J. Dailey, Assistance Regr Gen1 of Shipp*. 24th March 1804.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S l* L S. with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the lame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Scotland, from, or to, all parts of the World, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1804; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

SCOTLAND. INWARDS. OUTWARDS. S V

r British. Foreign. — N r British. Foreign. A

COUNTRIES. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

America I Brilifl’ Colonies America | Ullited States . 65 12,181 671 _ _ _ _ , 80 14,944 1,053 ___

47 9,783 558 38 7,773 397 42 8,876 584 35 6,891 381

Dantzic - 6 533 34 - - - 4 481 3i — — —

Denmark and Norway - - 90 9613 552 263 33,i4 1,984 91 10,701 614 138 19,092 1,074

Florida - - - * 1* 200 10 - - - 1 152 8

France - 2 462 22 2 297 12 1 195 11 — — —

Gibraltar and Streights - - 1 194 11 - - - 1 121 7 — — —

Germany - - - 21 2,629 142 6 526 29 47 5,928 337 4 532 23

Greenland & Davis’s Streights 15 4,280 591 - - - 15 4,280 598 — —

Guernsey - 4 428 23 - - - 1 90 4 — — —

Jersey - 1 60 4 — —

Hambro’ - 2 404 18 ——

Honduras (Bay of) - 2 413 25 - - - - 3 685 53 — — —

Holland - 51 5,135 316 14 1,284 64 11 1,082 62 6 1,083. 51

Ireland - 1,743 107,308 7,7i8 - - 1,518 95,049 7,306 —

Iiie of Man - 3i 981 101 - - - 40 1,185 129 — — —

Italy - V ',358 74 - - - 6 645 39 — — —

Malta - 2 258 17 — — —

Poland - 18 2,143 127 1 450 14 17 2,423 124 — — —

Portugal and Madeira - - 34 4,361 267 2 210 14 12 1,405 86 1 181 8

Prussia . - - 171 29,005 1,398 12 i,745 81 78 12,490 652 19 2,506 121

Hu lii a - 220 29,087 1,544 - - - 130 19,868 1,023" — — —

Spain - - - 18 2,656 131 5 583 3i 7 1,299 8i 2 357 19

Sweden - - - - 69 5,322 342 8 M93 69 40 ,3,433 215 2 239 17

West India C - " 60 15,389 922 - 69 17,936 1,431 — —

If vH i liuiu I /1 1 Colonies ) Conquered - 12 1,543 148 - - - 15 3,299 248 — — —

monies £ Foreign - - 3 484 60 2 54° 30 3 647 43 1 179 9

Total - - 2,694 245,692 15,795 354 47,905 2,735 2,234 207,380 14,752 209 31,212 1,711

J. Dailey,

Assistance Register General of Shipping. 24th March 1804.

588

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 26,) 26* Ma,

continued.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5U1 day of January 1803, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th day of January 1804, and the Monies paid out •of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Y'ear, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills liftied, and not Redeemed, during the said Year, have been aduaily Applied:—Distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service :—lft. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction; tlieufbal Grant fertile fame Purpose; and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans.—adly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills.—3dly. The Civil List.—4thly. The other Charges on The Consolidated Fund; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint^Pensions, Salaries, and Allowances, and Bounties.—sthly. The Civil Government of Scotland—6thly. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants.—7tlily. The Navy; specifying the Amount 01 Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices; for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions; lor Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for the Marines; for the Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded; for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health.—8thly. The Ordnance; specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively.—gthly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. For Regulars, l'encibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff’Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Clielfea hospital; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices: Specifying also, the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof.—lothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances toother Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively.—nthly. Milcellaneous Services; specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Great Britain, from those which belong to it with Ireland.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE.

I. For Interest, Sec. on the Permanent Debt of Great Britain, Unredeemed j including Annuities for Lives and Terms of Years For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, &o. on Loans raised for the Service of Ireland For Charges of Management thereon

For Interest, Sec. on Imperial Loans -

For Charges of Management thereon - -

There was also applied towards the Reduction of the National

Debt ----- £• 1,000,000 — —

The usual Annual Grant ----- 200,000 — —

Expired Annuities * £• 54,880 14. 6} «2 ,

25,000-----s ° * "

Annuities for Lives, Expired, or Unclaimed for Three Years 49,151 — 7

Interest on Debt of Great Britain Redeemed - - -1,138,183 12 3

- D° - - - Ireland - - - - D° - - - - 36,872 5 11

- - D°----- - Imperial - - - D° - - * 11,383 10 10

Annuity at £. 1 per-Cent. on Parc of Capita s created since ) err

jthj.m«.y.793 ----- *.77*,+69 16 9i

SUMS.

£• i. d.

16,615,859 3 9

669,390 4 1

44I»69S 9

17,728,944 17

Whereof was Applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt

Total on Account of Interest -

D° - - Charges of Management -

D° - - on Account of Reduction of National Debt

II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills III. The Civil List

_. , ^Courts of fustice -

The other lMint _J.

C The other Kjni

IV. \ /Allowances to the Royal Family, Pensions, Sec -

| Consolidated (Salaries and Allowances V Fund i »*• JBouluieit

, V. The Civil Government of Scodand ......

VI. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt $ vij.

Bounties for Fisheries, Manufactures, Com, Sec. -Pensions on the Hereditary Revenue -Militia and Deserters Warrants, Sec.

VII. The Navy; viz.—Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices For Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions ... For Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, Contingencies, Sec. For Marine Service on Shore ......

The Victualling Department .....

The 5iclc and Wounded D° -

The Transport - - - - D", for Transports -

for Prisoners of War in Health Miscellaneous Services

VIII. The Ordnance

IX. The Army.—Ordinary Services; viz.

For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps Barracks -

Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons -

Half Pay ......

Widows Pensions -

Chelsea Hospital -

Exchequer Fees ......

Pay of Public Offices . -

Extraordinary Services

X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries: Ireland - . ——

XI. Miscellaneous Services: At Home Abroad

6,287,941 — foj

24,016,885 17 ic-6,287,941 — io|

56,000 — — 2,113,506 12 10 2,182,396 7 j4

287,000-----

639,045 12 5

30.000 — —

40.000 -

6*275,522 5 2 1,021,269 2 —

108,976 17 6 263,203 — 8 24,000 — — 324,860 7 5

53*404 2 5

63*079 2 6

£. 1. d.

230,077 3 4 11,647 5 5 5»8i4 2 3|

247,538 11 —}

17,728,944 17 — 247,538 11 -4 6,287,941 — 10J

898,000-----

50,038 11 31

13,858 11 2

287,645 — 4 93.544 13 6

2,956 13 8

305,379 19

27,700-----

108,405 1 81

4,638,902 19 nj 2,489,929 15 9

142,000 — —

709,045 12 5

8,134,314 17 8 3,*65,092 — 3

1,555,859 — 9 244,641 — 4

C •* d.

24,264,424 18 11; 801,787 10 54

1*346,043 9 n| 79,502 12 —

441*485 — 10}

7,979,878 8 ii 1,827,049 12 7J

11,299,406 17 11 2, H7,444 8 11

2,800,500 — io\

Deduit Loan for Ireland

* This includes the Sum of £. 449,509. 11. 5J. for Interest paid on Imperial irtans.

5*, 957,523 — 2,117,444 8 r 1

50,840,078 11 9*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 24th March , 1804.

N. Vanjittart.

VjrKO.

V«»- 59

» j 7"

ill. Appendix.

592

An A« Diitndixl Del 26.)

iartii.

F

Consolidated

Reduced -

Old South Se New - D°

3-P«-Cen«

Consolidated

- - D° - -

Appendix (No. 20.)—continued. £. 5-per-Cen

£. 3-per-Cent D° - -

account

or the

PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT OF GREAT BRITAIN,

AS THE SAME STOOD ON FIRST FEBRUARY 1804:

&V.

An J

Transferred t by reafen of at tft Febr

D EF Fet

Redeemed 1

DEB

ii\

IX*

the 20H1 df

>89

Append i (No. 2( 26* M

continued

1

1

j

1

1

j

1

Appendix. ' 1804 4

N ACCOUNT OF THE PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT OF GREAT

d, and in respect of what Sums Raised, or Bills Funded; so far as the fame can be ascertainedD® •ment; the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by Arts passed in the 26th and 42d Years of His Mm

Distinguishing also. Upon what Conditions, and at whar Periods, the fcfff

CAP 1 T A L S: 1 T CA C:rJ* i y alia c

4t £.3-PER- CENT. PER ANNUM. At £. 4-PER-CENT. At ^.5-PER-CENT,

South Sea Old and New Annuities, and Annuities Anno 1751. Consolidated Annuities. 1 Reduced Annuities* f ) Consolidated Annuities. r Consolidated Annuities. Annuities, Annis 1797 and 1802.

£• *■ d. £■ >. £■ £■ £. .. d. £. «. d. 1: j

j; i: 1 . n,6S 1

,065,08413 n{ 1

,919,600 — — 1 1*9*

1,00

107,399,696 5 ii 41,540,073 16 4 32,750,000 17,869,993 9 10 :^.55

984,6841311} 107,399,696 5 I i 41>54°»°73 16 4 32,750,000 17^69^93 9 10 - 1 :&:3

- 11,832,492 9 5 9»3i5>396 9 9 | *W4

,984,684 13 li{ 95,567,103 15 8J 32,224,677 6 7 1 32,750,000 17,869,993 9 10 *

984,684131 ij 95.567,203 15 8i 32,224,677 6 7 3*>75°>°oo | j 17,869,993 9 10 - :.V4

_ 6,2 50,000 — . - j

- 11,000,000 — — - 2,750,000 - - - -? i

1,926,525 12 5 - s

- - - 18,000,000 — — - 6,000,000 ——

1,609,897 17 1 - - -$

- - - 30,530,000 6.359.61s —

4,414,074 4 6 - - S

20,124,843 iO

- 16,250,000 — — 6,500,000 — — 2,600,000 - -(

- 16,438,175 5 — - - 765,427 11 6 2,034,889 11 1 - 1

1,999>699 4 4 - 104,432 5 8 270,202 4 8 - - -J

- 10,500,000 — — 3,500,000 , K*

\ A. 12,000,000 — — A. 4,000,000 li.;c

4,875,000 — 3.374^5° - - -I

\ A. 13,750,000 A. 5,500,000 — — - - -3 i^i

5,500,000 — — 2,350,000 — — 'M

r - A. 14,850,000 — — A, 6,345,000 -

31,875,000 J2»94i»*5° \±h

f 2,227,612 10 — 2,227,612 10 — 4i455>225 - 2,227,622 10 11,11

s 14,950,000 13,800,000 — — a,*;

B. 1,601,375 Mi

♦ 8,000,000 — — 8,000,000 — —

84,684 13 III 316,164,065 15 —I 107,122^.14 16 7 49,425,084 17 2 28,125,582 19 7 22,352,456 5

49,000 — — 31,865,400 36,766,667 2,617,400 — — I >

15,684 13 ill 284,298,665 15 —i 70.355.74716 7 46,807,684 17 2 28,125,582 19 7 22,352,456 5 V

A, These Suns were formerly charged upon the Duties upon Income; but by Art 42 Geo. 111. were addea B% The INTEREST upon this Capital does not commence till'5th January 1S0S.

-- ----- 1 1 —~~1-----

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the PUBLIC DEBT of IRELAND, Funded in

CAPITALS: II,

c-----5--'-—-----J| T O TAJ— I -- —

* fr f ■* -1 *

J

24m iViarcn J 004. )

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

N '-----

BRITAIN, AS THE SAME STOOD ON THE FIRST DAY OF FEBRUAR

~i;^ Distinguifning also, The different Funds in which it is Invested; the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest Majesty's Reign; and the Annuity of £. I per-Centum per Annum upon Part of Capitals Created fmce 5th January 1793 ^* several Parts of the Public Debt are Redeemable or Determinable.

TOTAL

CIST, , CAPITALS

Created prior to the

Year 1793,

Any and in each Year finet

that Period.

i w £• >• J

1 x,686,800 — — 24,065,084 13 11} 1,9x9,600 — -

1,000,000 — — *99»559»763 11 3i

CHARGE

for DEBT Created prior to the Year 1793.

ANNUAL

INTEREST.

i. d.

350,604-----

7*1,95* 10 9 57,588-----

30,000-----

6,671,69a 15 si

238,131,248 5 :J'

21,147,888 19 2

217,083,359 6 —f

217,083,359 6 —I

6,250,0c o — 15*^76,5*5 12 5

*5,609,897 17 1

41,303,699 4 6

67,087,669 17 3

X 4,900,000-----

16, coo,oooo-----

S>*49»*5° — —

19.250.000 — —

7,850,000 — —

21.195.000 — —

44,816,250-----

11,138,062 10 —

28.750.000 — —

1,601,375-----

16,000,000 —- —

561,861,089 7 77,698,467 —

3i

484,162,622 7 3$

26° Geo. III. - ANNUAL CHARGE

charge for Debts created

330 Geo. 111. A0 1793

34° - - -35° - - -36° -

*794

*795

1796

37® - - - 1797

3*® - - - >79*

D° - - - D*

39® - - - *799

D’ - - - D»

40° - - - 1800

D® - - - D3

4*® - - - 1801

42® r - - 180a

D® - - - D®

D® - - - D®

ANNUAL CHARGE 42° - - - 1802

"tr

7,831,837 6 2$ 634*436 13 4}

7>I97>400 12 10

7,197,400 12 10

187,500 -- —

536,3*6 5 7

60,494 17 10

>.3*7.39* 9 *i

M9«*7 7

420,000 — * A. 480,000 —

*47*477 xo

A. 577*5°° — 1

235.500 — <*•635,850 —

i>344*487 xo

423,246 7

862.500 •—

ANNUITIES on Lire*, or for Terms of Yean.

£. u d. 54,880 14 6 30400-----

23454 i* 6

7,776 10 — 4,710 10 — 10,181 — —

*.>95 >* —

>i,3*S s — 22,466 IO --

*4,567 5 —

54°-----

2,769 13 — 5*i74 18 7 18,442 7 —I

25,000,— — 704,740' 5 — 4i*.333 ■—

>*373.75* * 6J

>.373.75* * *3.369 >3 4

>.35°.3*> 9

6*79 > M 4

*5.5oo-----

79,082 7 6

38,625 -

17,208 6 8 A, 19,666 13 4

480,000-----

18,311,603 — 2,357,128 —

jo\

2

>5*954*475 — *i

>5>954,475 — *{

7,796 >» >oJ

32,083 6 8

>.693,135 9 6;

100,578 15 7

CHARGES

of

MANAGE.

MENT.

£• *.

i»35°-----

1,430 6 8 i»47o-----

575 1* * 208 2 7 416 5 3

1*590 -

5*98 3 5 14,022 3 2 *079 15 6

450 — 89,801 17 7i 280 5 — 7,928 6 61

4,706 4 10}

131,007 2 9! 9,516 xi —

111,490 11 9

GRANTS of Parliament, and Annuity of £. 1-per-Cent, upon Part of Capitals Created nnce 5th January 1793.

1,000,000 — —

TOTAL

of

ANNUAL E X P E N C E.

£• i* 56,230 14 31,830 6 24*7*4 I. 8,152 2 4,918 11 io*597 5

1,000,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

121,490 ix 9J

2,812 10 — 7,760 16 io£

12,486 6 7

>9*476 6 H 30,6*3 >9 7i

6,493 >>} A. 7,421 5 —

3>7>* 3 3 A. 8,662 zo — 3,532 10 —

9*537 >5 —

20,167 6 3

5,099 16 8| 12,937 10 — 720 10 4}

7,560 18 9

280,496 8 io|

>,59*556 >3 >>i

>.59l,556 >3 >>i

280,496 8 10$ 32,333 10 2

248,162 x8 81

1,000,000 -

62,500 — — 1*6*445 5 — 268,933 19 6 424*11 19* xo

676,184 5 3

141,240 — 82*92 zo

78,500 — —

-i

-i

448,162 zo

112,222 12

200,000 —

163,137 14

6 A

-s

8

3.825.240 16

3.825.240 16

8,195 1* 12,318 5 — 22,466 10 — 24,567 5 —

540-----

2,769 13 — 5,174 18 7 20,032 7—I

356,50a 3 5

735*974 X3 xi

58,667 15 6

30*50 — — 6,761,494 13 x

25,280 5 —

712,668 11 64

423*°39 5 9v

1.000,000 — —

>0*336*595 6

643.953 4 4»

9,69*,64* 7 > i *3.369 >3 4

9»669>*7* >3 9 .51,812 10 — 773.3*4 — 9 i »,*7,4>S 3 >.*50.373 3 3

3,*4>.3«o >» 9i

1,093,029 l6 11 A

9x9*344 *3 3 962,920 5 — 1,812,817 6 3

1*24,523 10 —

200,000 — — 681,782 — 1

24,110,475 16 1

6,282,947 12 6

17,827,528 3 7 32,333 10 a

17*795*94 13 5

to the Permanent Debt, and the Interest and Management charged upon the Consolidated Fund.

GREAT BRITAIN; as the fame Rood on the xft day of February 1804.

7-L

1

_c W A P n C—c—

a___

1 o

u spree

u

592

Appendix, (No. 26.) 2.0* Mar tit

edntinued.

An A< Diltndix} Del ^6.)

dartii.

Consolidated

Reduced - -

Old South Se; New - D°

£. 3-per-Cen<

Consolidated

- D° - -

£. 5-per-Cen

£. j-per-Ceni

- - D° - - '

Transferred t by reason of at lft Febri

DEE

Fell

Redeemed I

DEB

ift

An J

YXi

she 20th di

r v<*« y,#

Appendix.

A. 1804.

C C O U X T of the Progress made in the REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, at ift February 1804 tinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds; and specifying how much of each has been Redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National >t, since ift August 1786; the Average Price of Stocks; and the Sums Annually applicable to the Reduction thereof: likewise, The Annuities to fail in:

>, 'I he Capital of Debt transferred to the Commissioners on account of Land Tax Redeemed.

UNDS.

£. 3-per-Cent. Annuities -

\ D" - -

1 Annuities - f - ) - D° - - - S

U D° - A° 1751 -

c

£. 4-per-Cent. Annuities -

£. 5-per-Cent. D° -

t Annuities 1797 6c 1802 - -

r. - D° - - 1726 -

Bank Annuities -

0 the Commissioners,

* Land Tax Redeemed, jary 1804

1 T existing at ift }

•ruary 1804 - -

by the Commissioners

T Unredeemed ar? -February 1804 - J*'

CAPITALS.

£■ *. d. 317»996>55? 4 5t i,6.437.8ii 6 4

24,065,084 13 II*

1,919,600 -

47°>4I9>°54 4

49,425,084 17 2

28,125,582 19 7

22>352>456 5 — 1,000,000 — — 11,686,800 — —

583,008,978 6 5I

2i,i47, SS8 19 2

561,861,089 7 3

77,698467-----

484,162,622 7 3J

Redeemed by the Commissioners; from ift August 1786 to

ift February 1804.

31,865,400

36,766,667

5,789,000 660,oco

75,081,067

2,617400

77,698,467

£. *- d.

9,680485' 7 11 22>59,»79° j3 6 4,201,986 18 — 491,300 10 —

2,278,402 1 3

TOTAL

SUMS

Paid.

49,243,965 10 3

Average Price of Stocks.

61*

6l 3

72i

74 3

87

63 1

SUMS

Annually applicable to the Reduction of the PUBLIC DEBT.

Annual Charge by Act 26 Geo. III. -

- - D° - - 42 Do -

Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, expired Anno 1792 -

Annuities for 10 Years, expired A° 1787 -

Life Annuities Unclaimed for 3 Years, or of which the Nominees died prior to 5th July 1802 -

Dividend on

£.75.081,067, at £ 3-per-Cent. -

D° - on £. 2,617400, at £. 4-per-Cent. -

Annuity at £. 1 per Cent, on part of’ Capitals created fiuce ill February 1793 -

£. t. d 1,000,000 —- —

200,000 -

54,880 14 6 25,000 — —

49.376 15 7

WSM3! — 2 104,696 — —

2,625,240 16 9

6,311,626 7 —

ANNUITIES fallen in lince 2zd June 1802, or that will fall in hereafter.

Exchequer Annuities, 2 et 3 Annas \ viz.

Expired at 5th April - 1803

Expire at 5th January 1805

Ditto 4 Ann. D°, 5th April - 1805

Ditto 5 Ann. D° - - - - 1806

Ditto 6 Ann. D° - - - - 1807

Ditto - D° - D° - 5th July 1807

Rank Long Annuities, expire

A0i860

D° - Short - D1 . D1 1808

N. B—By an Act 4.2 Geo. III. cap. 71. such Annuities as fall in alter passing that Act, are not to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for Reduction of the Public Debt; but are no iongei to be continued in the Annual Charge thereof.

£. *. d.

23.369 >3 4

7,030 6 S 23,254 11 6

7,776 10 — 4,710 10 — 10,181 — —

>.047.494 5 4l

4i8>333 —

VCCOUNT of the Progress made in the REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC DE.BT of Iiielaxd Funded in Great Britain, at 1 ft February 1804.

FUNDS. CAPITALS. Redeemed by the Commissioners to ift February 1804. TOTAL SUMS Paid. 1 Average j Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of DEBT.

£. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities - - £■ 16,989,250 £■ 734.600 £. s. d. 465,548 10 1 63 i £. l-per-Cont. on Capitals £.

- . D® - - - Reduced - - - D° - - - - 8,258,750 861,071 518,082 16 8 60 \ created - 257,3S9 >9 3

£. 4-per-Cent. Consolidated - D° - - - - Redeemed by the Commissioners - -Unredeemed at ift February 1S04 - £. 25.248.000 300,000 25.548.000 i»595»67i 23*952»329 U595>67i 983,631 6 9 61 i Dividend on £. 1,595,671. £ 3 * Per - Cent. Annuities - £. 1 47,870 a 7 305,230 I IO

Ax ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the R K DEM PTION of the I M P E R I A L D E B T, at lit February 1804.

FUNDS. CAPITALS. Redeemed by the Commissioners at I ft February 1804. TOTAL SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of DEB T.

£- £■ £■ <• d. £. j-per-Cent. on Capital \ £.

created - - - 1 36,693

Imperial £. 3-per-Cents. - - - - 3,669,300 4591*28 265,939 4 1 57 i

Dividend on £ 459,^28.

Redeemed - 459,828 at £• 3-pt.T-Cent. - - 13,794 l6 9

Unredeemed at ift February 1804 - £. 1 3,209,472 £■ 50,487 16 9

Office for Reduction of \ NATIONAL DEBT, [ the 2Cth day of March y

G. 2. Goode HOHghj Ser.v.

2HT QT KR, )

• y of M.«rch 1804. S

Jama Fisher

44GeO/II1. Appendix.

593

As ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED D E13 T and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING, on the 5th day of January 1804; under the Heads of—Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil Lilt Advances, and any other Head of Public Service; {pacifying the fame:—Ditlinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demands coniifted; and also, what Part of the said Debt or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof Was Unprovided for.

Appendix* (No. 16.)

continued.

26* Martii.

Apprdix

(A.)

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

By fcrhdt Acts Raised - - 4 6n what fTTjJtfS Charged. f

----- ----- £m

59 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 28. Aids, - - A0 1806 Extension of Bank Charter 3,000,000

- - 43 - - - cap* 3. Malt Tax - - 1803 - -- -- 750,000

- - 43 - - - cap. 5. Aids - - - 1803 ...... - *2,594,300

- - 4*3 - - - cup. 35. D° - - - - 1804 - -- -- 3,000,000

w - 43 - - - cap. 146. D* - - - - 1804, Vote of Credit - - - - 1,491,500

- - 43 - - - cup. 147. I)° - - - - 1804, Bank ----- 1,500,000

- - 43 - - - cap. 93. Aids - - - 1804 - - - 5,000,000

t - - 44 - - - cap. 16. Malt Tax- - 1804 - -- -- 455,000

- - 44 - - - cap. 15. Aids - - - 1804 - -- -- 1,276,800

(B.',

1. 2.

TREASURY:

MilO'llunroiis Services ----- - £. 248,845 — 5

Warrants for Army Services ----- 275,841 2 l

Treasury Bills accepted previous to and on 5th January 1804, due

subsequent to that day - -- -- - - -- 225,925 1 4f

Amount Outstanding.

•. d.

19,067,600-----’

750,611 3 10J

■v

(C.)

(D)

(£.)

<F.)

(G.)

ARMY:

Ordinary Services - -Extruordinaries -

BARRACKS .........

ORDNANCE ......

NAVY ......

CIVIL LIST ADVANCES

732,334 -

Nil.

• Of these, £■ 797,000 has been since paid off.

732,334 — 1,481,041 15 646,311 14 4,o37,37 >7 5,246 17

4

6

82

6

26,720,453

Im

t.

8 ill

Whiteli&ll, Treasury Chambers 04th March 1804.

N. VanJitt

Appendix (A.)

Ax ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in EXCHEQUER BILLS Outstanding on 5th January 1804.

By what A&» Raised.

si., ———

39 and 4» Geo. III. 7 Aids - - - 1806

cap. 28. j - A°

43 cap. 3- Malt Tax - A* 1803

43 - cap. 5- Aids - - - - A° 1803

43 - - cap. 36. D° * - - - 1804

43 - - cap. 146. D° - - «

43 - - cap. 147. D* ——

43 - - cap. 93- Aids - A° 1804

44 - - cap. 16. Malt Tax . - A° 1804

44 - - cap. 15. Aids - - - A° 1804

- - Extension of Bank 1 Charter - )

Vote of Credit - - Bank -

£ *■ d.

3.000. 000-----

750.000 -

# 2,594,3°o-----

3.000. 000-----

D49i,5oo-----

1,500,000-----

5.000. 000-----

455.000 -

1,276,800-----

19,067,600-----

Exchequer Bill Office, 7 3*11 January 1804. J

• Of these, £. 797,000 has been lince paid off.

y. Planta. John Peter>

Appendix (B. 1.)

k

As ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, and the Demands Outstanding on the 5th day of January 1804 :—under the Heads of—Exchequer, Treasury, &c.: Distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts and Demands confuted; and also, what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for—so far as relates to the Treasury.

Demands Outstanding on the 5th January 1804, for Services that had been Voted:

For defraying the Expence incurred or to be incurred for the Repairs of the Marshalsea Prison -

For defraying the Expence incurred or to he incurred for the Repairs of the King's Bench Prison ——

For the Pure bate of Lund and the Construction of Buildings for the Royal Military College - -

For Bounties for taking and‘ bringing Fish to the Cities of'London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom ——

Carried forward - - £.

VOL. 59.

7 M

£■ »• d.

3.000 — —*

2.000 — —

12,019 14 —

25,000 —

42,019 14 —

Appendix, (No. 26.) 26° Mart it, continued.

594 Appendix. A. 1804*

Account of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain, &c.—continued.

Brought forward -

For defraying the Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the two Houses of Parliament, and of the Speaker of the iionie of Commons, in the year :80 a ——

For defraying the Expences incurred in Repairs of the Fleet Prison ——

To pay Bills drawn ironi New South Wales - - - ——

For the Relief of the l'uffcring C lergy and Laity of Fiance, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, certain St. Domingo Suherers, and American Loyalilfs -

For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts, for the year 1803- -

Jr\»r Expences incurred and to he incurred on account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of Soldiers Children, for the year 1803 ——

For defraying the Charge of Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the year 1803 -

For purchase of a House for the Residence of the Clerk of the Journals -

To complete the Purchase of certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament -

For i 1 is iMajchy’s Foreign and other Secret Service, for the year 1803 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, for the year 1803 - -

In part of the Sum of £. ho,000 to be applied for the Benefit of the illultrious House of Orange, in such tnanner^s His Majesty shall think meet -

For the Civil Efiublishment of Bermuda, for the year 1803 -

----- Dominica, for D° - - -

For defraying the Charge of making ap Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William ——

For defraying Arrears of Expences of the Seven Police Offices, for the year ending 5th January 1802, being previous to the passing the Act for inrrealing the Allowance to the Public Establishment - - - •-

For repaying Deposit on 40 Tickets of Lottery 1801 - -'-----a--

To reimburse to Dr. Jenuer the Amount of Fees and Charges on the.Receipt of the Sum granted as a Reward to him for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation ——

Towards the Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the year 1803 - -

To make good Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the year 1802 - - . -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 24th March 1804. 3

£■ *■ d-

42.019 14 —

6,297 8 —

2,063 13 1

7»97o — —

37,561 12 n

10.019 5 3-1

7,000-----

10.000 -

1,281 4 —

14.369 4 —

36,141 9 —

5,620 —

49,221 10 —

290-----

600 — —

10.000 -

960 8 6 204-----

725 10.6

1,500-----

5»oooo 1 i|

N. Vanjittart.

Appendix (B- 2.)

Pay, Additional Pay, and Contingencies of General and Staff Officers Knap kicks and Accoutrements - -

Cloatlnng ——

Loss of Baggage, &c. by sundry Officers - - . -

B&t, Baggage, and Forage Money -

Apothecary General -

Levy Money for Augmentation of Foot Guards -

Alteration of Accoutrements, &c. -

Table for the Guards - - - ’ -

Sundry Miscellaneous Services u ——

Off-lteckonings ——

Treasury Bills Accepted previous to and on 5 January 1804, Due subsequent to that Day -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 24th March 1804. 3

N. Vanjittart.

£■ 248,845 — 5

: viz.

£■ *■ d.

4.563 14 1

62,592 17 5

23.792 17 —

260 13 6

«4.4i5 — 6

145,000

13,986

Nil.

Nil.

799 14 7

430 5 —

£■ 275,841 2 1

- 225,925 1

£• 501,766 3 5$

Appendix (C.)

An ACCOUNT of the Demands for ARMY SERVICES Outstanding on the 25th December 18035 which have been provided for by several Grants of Parliament: Distinguishing the Particulars of which the fame confided.

for 1803.

ORDINARY SERVICES:

Off-Reckonings -

Militia Cloathing ——

Staff in Great Britain ——

Garriibns in D° -

Garrisons Abroad

First Cloathing and Accoutrements, and Horse Furniture ——

Clearings of the Guards -

In-Pcnlion of Chelsea Hospital ——

Half Pay ......

Widows Pensions ——

£• s, d.

290.000 -

110.000 — —>

40.000 —* —

20.000 —- —

25.000 -

59>546-----

20000-----

17.000 -

90.000 -

9,000-----

FOR FORMER YEARS:

Great Coats -

Horse Furniture, first Cloathing, &c. Clearings of the Guards

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 23d March 1804.

9,700 — ~ 22,088 — — 20,000-----

732*334-----

Dd 'Thomas.

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

595

Appendix (D.)

An. ACCOUNT of the Outstanding Demands of the BARRACK Department on the 5th January 1804: With die Grots! Amount of all Monies received and expended within the preceding Year, and the Balance remaining in Hand on the 5th January 1804: In conformity to an Act of Parliament passed the 42d Geo. III. c. 70.

BALANCE remaining for the Current Services, the 5th January 1803 -

Received from the Paymasters General, on Account of the Sum of £.492,841. estimated for the Year 1803 - -- -- ...... £, 394,068-----

D° - *• to pay the Treasurer of the Navy for the Purchase of a Prison Ship -

D# - - on Account of Buildings ordered to be erected in the Year 1803

1,201 2 —

- 536>°o°-----

Add for Sums received on fundiy Accounts, between 5th January 1803 and 5th January 1804 Total - - Received for the Service of the Year 1803 -•

Paid on Account of Buildings, Repairs, and Alterations, Purchase of Premises, Coals, Candles, Bedding, Furniture, U ten tils, Items, Barrack Matters Expenditures, Lodging Money to Officers, Oflice Establishment, 6cc. &c. &c. ——

Balance remaining for the Current Services the 5th January 1804

Bills Accepted and Outstanding on the 5th January 1804 -

Deduct Balance as above -

Amount of Ootftandjpg Demands, on Account of Statement of the 5th January 1803 Outstanding Demands, as per Estimate before the Honourable House of Commons

Total Outstanding the 5th January 1804 -

*3.996 19 1 i

931,269 * —

12,102 5 —

967,368 6 11

965,146 2 3

2,222 4 8

499.7 »*-----

2,222 4 8

497.489 »5 4

127,191-----

856,361-----

1,481,041 5 4

Barrack Office, 7 *?d March 1804. j

01. Dtfancey,

Bk Mr G'.

Appendix* (No. 26.) 26* Mar/ii,

continued.

Appendix (E.)

An ACCOUNT of Demands on the ORDNANCE, Outstanding on the 5 th January 1804:—distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands conlift, and alCo, what Part of the said Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for,

Debentures made out, and Bills, so far as they have been delivered in, for Stores supplied and Services performed; also. Bills of Exchange, Imprefts to Storekeepers and Paymasters, and other Ready Money Articles -

Deduct—The following Sums included in the above Account, and not Provided for by

Parliament: Viz.

r Newfoundland ——

Halifax -

Trinidad -

Antigua ——

St. Christopher -

Barbadoes ——

St. Vincent

Captured Islands and Settlements, West Indies -

Guernsey ——

Bills of Exchange drawn from

{Works and Repairs, Cinque Ports -

C Tobago -

The Value of Ordnance and Stores cap- j Lucia

tured by His Majesty's Forces at - J _ ’

J J J (St. Martin •-

Remains provided for by the Grants by Parliament for Ordnance Services

£> s. d.

2,667 5 6

773 14 5

9,500 — —

3*4 4 9

2,039 1 8

6,320 13 8

933 5 6

1,660 13 2

1,613 19 8

4,800 — —

1,250 —? —

2,oooo — —

2,149 4 9

£■ *■ d.

682,343 17 7

36,032 3 1 646,311 14 6

Office of Ordnance, 7 *8th February 1804.

d. Kofi,

JV. tV. Volt.

C. djlilty.

Appendix,

Appendix, (No. 26.) 26* Marti!,

continued. v ——

596

A. 1804,

Appendix (Fi)

Nrtry OlTicr SiL Feb,

1804. 3

A!-r ACCOUNT of the Amount of the UNFUNDED DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, af!d of all Demands

Outstanding on the 31ft December 1803 ;—dillinguiffiing the Particulars of which the fame consists.

HEADS.

NAVY:

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Naval Stores, Slop Cloathing, bedding for Seamen, 6lC. supplied for the Service of the Navy ——

For Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, and for which no Bills were made out on 3ill December 1803; us also for Freight of Tenders, Armed Ships, &c. and for Bills of Exchange accepted ——

For Wages to I lis Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - - . -

For Half Pay to Sea Ofhcers, according to an Establishment made by His Majesty in Council -

To pay the Wages unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off

To pay Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay on 31ft December 1803 - -

VICTUALLING:

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Stores, &d.

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which rto Bills were made out on the 3 ill December 1803 -

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

For Short Allowances to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid oiY ——

SICK and WOUNDED:

Due—For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, and Contingencies, relating to that Office -

TRANSPORTS:

Due—For Bilb payable at Ninety Days date, for Freight of Transports and Stores, and for the Sub-filicuce, Cloathing, &c. of Prisoners of War in Health - - - - . - . - ,

For Freight of Transports and for Stores supplied, Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also for Subsistence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on 31ft December 1803 -

Abate the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurers of His Majesty’s Navy on 31ft December 1803

Particulars.

£ *• d.

836,982 4 11

241,166 6 —

4^0,795 — 274-735 2 7 no,757 1 2 ,069,514 3 —

777.999 15 1

69,127 9 7 30,619 19 3

47,904 14 7

34,99» 17 10

145,766 12 8 457,861 3 11

TOTAL.

1. d*

>2,953,949 17 f

> 960,643 16 4

98,636 12 7

603,627 16 7

4,616,858 3 2 579,550 5 5i

4,037,307 17 8|

A.S. Hamond. H. Duncan.

Appendix (G.)

An ACCOUNT of Monies idvioced for Pltblic Services from the CIVIL LIST (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th day of January 1804; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of Advance on each Head respectively.

John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Aflillant of the House of Commons, for his Services in the Session 1802-3 - ......

£• d.

1,086 4 —

MciTrs. Puget and Bainbridge, to repay tile like Sam remitted by them to Ireland, for making a further Provision for the Presbytenan Ministers of the Synods of Uliter and Munster

4,160 13 6

5,246 17 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 24th March 1804.

.t 1

N. Vanfittqrt.

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix,

597

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the M O N I E S, given for the Service of the Year 1803, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads; so far as relates to Great Britain.

SERVICES:

-Navy.-

For Wages of 50,000 Men, including 12,000 Royal Marines; for Thirteen Lunar Months, at the Rate of £.1. 17. per Man per Month - -

For Victuals for the said 50,000 Men; 'for the same time, at the Rate of £. 1. 18. per Man per Month For the Wear and Tear of Ships, in which the said 50,000 Men are to serve, at the Rate of £.3. per Man per Month, for the same time -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers; for the Year 1803 Towards the Buildings, Uebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary; for the Year 1803 -

For the Hire of Traiifports; for the Year 1803

For the defraying the Charge of Prisoners of War in Health;

for the same time ——

For defraying the Charge of Sick Prisoners of War; fame time -

For Wages of an additional Number of 10,000 Men, including 2,400 Royal Marines; for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th day of February 1803, at the Rate of £.\. 17. per Man per Month - For Victuals for the said 10,000 Men; for the same time,

at £. 1. 18.-----EP-----D° -

For the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said

10.000 Men are to serve; for the lame time, at the Rate

of £. 3. - - D° ......

For Wages of a further additional Number of 40,000 Men, including 8,000 Royal Marines; for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 12th day of June 1803, at

the Rate of £. i. 17. - D*-----D° -

For Victuals for the said 40,000 Men: for the same time,

at £. 1. 18.-----D°-----D° - -

For the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said

40.000 Men are to serve; for the same time, at the Rate

of £. 3.-----D* - - - D* ——

For the further Hire of Transports; for the Year 1803 For defraying the further Charge of Prisoners of War in Health; lame time -

For defraying the further Charge of Sick Prisoners of War; lame time -

£ d.

1,202,500 -

1.235.000 -

1.950.000 -

1,228,238 13 1

901,140

590,000

22,000

5,000

203,500-----

209.000 -

330.000 —- —

518.000 -

532.000 -

840.000 -

100.000 -

65.000 -

20.000 -

Total Sum granted - - 9>951,378 13 1

But satisfied with -

-----Ordnance :-----

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 50,000 Men are to serve; for Thirteen Lunar Months, at the

Rate of 55. per Man per Month £. 162,500

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 10,000 Men are to serve; for Eleven Lunar Months, commencing the 26th day df February 1803, at the Rate of 5 s. per Man per Month - 27,500 — —

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 40,000 Men are to serve; for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 12th day of June 1803, at the Rate of 5 s. per Man per Month - 70,000 — —

For the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service

for Great Britain, for the Year 1803 - 637,947 12 7

For the further Charge of the Office of Ordnance for D*;

lame time ...... 282,065 10 11

-Forces :-

For defraying the Charge of 66,574 Efleftive Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain and Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters; the Extra Allowance for Farriery; and the Allowance for Great CoaU; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days - £. 2,322.700 — 3

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, at Ceylon, and at New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains; and for Great Coals; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

- 1,129,976 19 4

Borne forward

* i-

SUMS Voted or Granted.

s. d.

8,»74,7ii 1+ 2g

1,180*013 3 6

SUMS Paid.

£. d.

8i*74»7M >4

Remains to be Paid.

Appendix,

(No. a6.)

continued.

14* Martiu

£. i.

1,180,013 3 6

VOL. 59.

9,354.724 17

?N

9,354,724 17

Appendix, (No. z6.) 14* Martii,

continued.

598

Appendix.

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward

-Forces—continued

S U M S Voted or Granted.

9,354>724 *7

d.

83

For defraying the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the ‘24th day of December 1803, being 365 Days -

Upon Account for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inciufive, being 365 Days - -

For defraying the Charge of General and StafT Officers, and Officers of the Hospituls serving with the Forces in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 180*2 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive,

being 365 Days ...... T "

For defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the Principal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay matter General; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inciufive, being 365 Days -

For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small Beer; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, while on a March ii> Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; for the Year 1803 For defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces; for the Year 1803 -

On Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General; for the Year 1803 -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inciufive, being 365 Days - For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inciufive, being

365 Days ......

For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Departments in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

For defraying the Charge ot Foreign Corps in His Majesty’s Service; from the 25 th day of December 1802 to the 24th day ot December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

lor defraying the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Ilof-pital Contingencies, lor Ills Majesty’s Forces in Ireland; and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of De-

28,632 17 8

173>341 7 —

58,468 — 10

127,512 19 9

cember 1803, both inciufive, being 365 Days I or defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24th day of December 1802, both inciufive, and not provided for by Parliament - For deleaving the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of 11 is Majesty’s Forces; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals; from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive,

being 365 Days ......

For defraying the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and One West India Regiment, retained on the Establishment of the Army; and of an Augmentation to the Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards; for several periods, in the Year 1803 -

For defraying the Charge of Additional General and Staff Officers, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year ] 803 -

For defraying the Charge of appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies lately held by the Colonels, Firit Lieutenant Colonels, and First Majors, of the relative Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry throughout the Army; from the 25th day of May 1803 to the 24th day of December following, both inciufive, bein

Days ....

200,645 l 3 358,152 10 11

52,000-----

1,000-----

26,883 16 — 99,169 4 8

5*3,440 7 159,672 1 11

18,461 10 10 1,032,151 4 8

29>337 -r- 4

266,004 14 1

218,270 11 1

31,000-----

214

Borne forward

35,751 17 10 -

SUMS Paid.

A. 1804.

Remains to be Paid.

9.354.7H >7

d.

t. 4.

9:3S4-724 17

9>354>7-4 17

44 Geo. III.

■Appendix.

399

SERVICE S—continued*

38,345 12 7

Brought forward * «

——F o rc es—continued.

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall; for several periods, ending the 24th day of December 1803 £«l>747>57<) —* For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Year 1803 -

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon; for the Year 1803 - 143,891 5

For defraying the Charge of the Increaled Rates of Sub-faience to be said to Innkeepers and others on Quartering the Embodied Militia of Great Britain; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-com-niiilioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia, for Small Beer; for the Year 1803 -

For defraying the Charge of the Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Majesty's Proclamation, dated the 26th day of May, in the Year 1803 -

For defraying the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry; for the Y’ear 1803 -

• For defraying the further Charge of the Barrack Department in Great Britain; for the Year 1803 -

For defraying the further Charge of the Barrack Department in Ireland; for the Y’ear 1803 -

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army, in Great Britain; for the Year 1803 -

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of D° in Ireland; for the Year 1803 -

145,000 — —

416,000-----

- 300,000-----

58,333 — 54.907 7 9

1,400,000-----

- 600,000

£. 11,786,619 12 3

Whereof was granted for the Service of Ireland - - 2,706,856 2 4

On Account of Great Britain -

For paying off and discharging Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 4. Outllanding and Unprovided for - -

To make good the like Sum, which has been ilhied by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament < - £* 15,160 — 6

To make good the like Sum - - D# - - D® - - D° - * 12,314 16 —

from D° - -

from D° - -from D° - -from D° - -

to D° to D° to D° to D° to D° to D®

FOR defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments under-mentione4;

Viz.

The Province of Upper Canada in America, from the ill day of January to the 3 ill day of December 1803 -

D® - - - - Nova Scotia, ----- from D° - - - to D° -

D° - - - - New Brunswick in America, from D® - - - to D® -

Island of St. John in America, now called Prince Edward's Island,

from D° - - - to D° -

D® - - Cape Breton in America, -

D° - - Newfoundland in America, -

D® - - Bahama Islands in America, - -

D® - - Bermudas or Somers Islands, - -

D° - - Dominica, ----- from D° - -

D° - - New South Wales, ----- from D® - -

To be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Britishi Forts and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa To make good to the Consolidated Fund the like Sum paid out of the Revenues of Customs, for Bounties on Corn and Grain imported into Great Britain, to the 10th day of October 180*2 ——

For defraying the Probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which may become due in the course of the Year 1803 -

To defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convids at Home; for the Year 1803 -

For the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sutlerers, and American Loyalists; for the Year 1803 -

1

TO make good the under-mentioned Sums, which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues; that is to say:

Cha. Beaumont, Esq. for Joumies and Expences incurred in making Enquiries respecting the State of the Collieries John King, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for ascertaining the Boundaries of the New Forest -

George Baldwin, Esq. as a Reward for his Services in

£■ 219 7 —

300-----

1,086 1 6

Borne forward

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£■ s. d. £• *• rf- £. s. d.

9.354.724 »7 H 9,354,724 17

- - '

9>°79>7«3 9 11 9,079>763 '9 11

2,781,53* 15 2} 2,781,532 15 2$

27,474 6 *7,474 16 6

8,900 8,900 -

7,665 7,665

4,650 4,650

2,214 4 ni 2,214 4 i»i

1,840 — — 1,840

1,515 L515

4,ioo 4,100

580 290 2g0

600 - 600 —

17 6 9,124 17 6

16,000 — — 16,000

524,573 19 7 524,573 19 7

25,000 17,030 7,970

40,847 9 — 38,742 3 3 2,105 5 9

191,58417 6 171,584 17 6 20,000 — —

22,082,691 7 io| 22,051,726 2 1 30,965 5 9

Appendi*. (No. 26.) 14* JMa.

continued.

600

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 26.) 14* Martii, continued.

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward ——

William Chinnery, Esq. to be paid over to Mailer Palmer,

Commiflhry at New South M ales, as Half Freight for a Vessel hired by Governor Hunter of Mailer Palmers Agent, for the Service of that Colony - - - - £. 324 10 —

TI10. Brodie, Esq. for making Indexes to the Journals of

the House of Lords - - ...... *>659 18 —

Lord Walsingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers in the last Session of Parliament - -- - 9,701 9 —

George Rose, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office in

the last Session of Parliament ----- 360 18 9

Mr. Tho. Wilson, for his Trouble and Expences in attending the Select Committee of the House of Commons, for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for preparing a Model of a Bridge by Direction of the said Committee ----- - 169 7 6

Enos Smith, Esq. to pay several Persons employed in prepar- ' ing Ablirads to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain ----- 500-----

John Henry Capper, Esq. to discharge Expences incurred in making Abstracts of the Cultivation of England and Males - - - - 146 1 —

Mailer Tho. Gream, for Expences incurred in furveving the Straits of Menai, the Conway River, and Holyhead Harbour and Co all -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for Additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, to the 10th day of October 1809 ----- 7,134 17 4

D° - - - to discharge Fees on passing Accounts through tilt Office of Treasury and Exchequer - - - - 3,000-----

J. W. Hay, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed under a Convention concluded with America the 8th day of February 1802, for Incidental Expences attending the Commission - - 1,060 8 6

For Additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, Half Year, to the 5th day of April 1803 - -- - 5,100 18 3

William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant

General Vyfe, for the Repairs of Port Patrick - 558 17 5

John Clementson, Esq. for Expences incurred by him in removing from his Official House, in consequence of the Apartments being wanted for the House of Commons 177 6 —

William Chinnery, Esquire, to be paid to Lieutenant Grant, late Commander of the Colonial Brig Lady Nelson, for ' LolTes sustained during the time he was employed by the Governor of New South Wales, and for Expences on his Return Home - - - 98 133

D°-----for fun dry Articles provided for the Use of the

Convids embarked on board the Glatton, for New South Wales - - - - 29183

D®-----to defray the Passage to Bass’s Streights, on the

Coast of New South Wales, of the Lieutenant Governor of the Settlement intended to be formed there, and of the Officers of the Civil and Military Establishment - - 634 13 —

Sir George Yonge, to repay the Expences incurred in consequence of Orders directing his immediate Return to England ----- - 1,060 7 6

John Rennie, Esq. for defraying the Expences of Surveys,

Reports, and Deligns for Bridges over the Streights of

Menai - -- -- 657 11 4

Capt. Joseph Huddart, for Expences incurred in a Journey to Bangor, Conway, Chester, and Liverpool, respecting Surveys and Designs for Bridges over the Streights of Menai - - - -113 13 9

Henry Nettleship, Esq. for making up and publishing in The London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for One Year, to 'the 10th day of Oduber 1809 ----- 429 14 —

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to discharge Fees on passing Public

Accounts - - - - 3,000 — —

Charles Abercrombie, Esq. for Expences attending the Surveys of the intended Military Roads through Part of the Counties of Sutherland and Caithnel's - 929 18 6

Matthew Martin, Esq. in full Satisfaction of all Expences incurred in an Enquiry into the Mendicity of the Metropolis ----- - 639 17 6

Charles Tho. Cracklow, Esq. for Loss sustained by erecting

temporary Buildings at the Marilralfea - 534 15 —

£■ d.

22,082,691 7 lO

SUMS

Voted or Granted.

Borne forward -

SUMS Paid.

Remains to be Paid.

£■ *• 22,051,726 2

£. 22,082,60! 7 lO.j *22,051,/26 2 ll

30,965

d.

9

30,965 5 9

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

601

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward -

William Chinnery, Esq. for Articles supplied Convids at Portsmouth, and the Settlement at New South Wales -D* - - r - to pay a Bill drawn by Mailer William Broughton, acting Coinmillary at Norfolk Istand, for Wheat purchased for the life of that Settlement -

£■ 822 9 1

+71 5 -

For paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts of the 39th and 40th, the 41ft and 43d years of His present Majesty -To make good the Money issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission -

To make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills -

To make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for Discount on Prompt Payments to the Loan for the Service of the year 1802, and on Subscription of £. 50 per-Centum on the Amount of Exchequer Bills Funded To make good D° - — paid to D° — - - for receiving Contributions to

D°-----and D° -

To make good the Money paid to John Wilmot, Esq. for a Clerk employed on various Business, and References, relative to American Claims - For Incidental Expences attending the Lotteries, for the Service of the year 1802 George Martin, Esq. Compensation for his Lofi’es sustained as an American Loyalist ——

For defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the year j 803 - For defraying the Expences ^expected to be incurred within the year 1803, on Account of the ltoyal Military Alylum at Chell’ea for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers ——

For defraying the Expence incurred in Repairs at the Fleet Prison

For defraying the Expences incurred in Printing the 56th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto - For defraying the Expencte incurred in fitting up a House in Abingdon Street, for depositing the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the House of Commons, and for the Residence of the Clerk of the Journals -To complete the Purchase of certain Buildings, for the Accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act of the 41ft year of His present Majesty's Reign For defraying the Expence incurred for Works done at the Auditors Office, the Pipe Office and Record Office at Somerset Place - For defraying the Expences incurred for Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, to the 31 ft day of May 1803 For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the year 1803 For defraying the Expences under the Commission, pursuant to the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c.

relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the year 1802 - For defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 42d Year of His present Majesty *s Reign ——

To enable His Majesty to repay to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, the like Sum on Account of the Expences incurred by them in the Public Service during the late War -Towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Invemefs and Fort William -Towards defraying the Expence of Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland -

To be applied for the Benefit of the Illustrious House of Orange, in such manner as His Majesty shall think meet -

For defraying the Expence of Printing Journals of the House of Commons; for Printing and delivering the Votes; and for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament ——

For discharging Arrears of Expences at the Seven Police Offices, for the year ending the 5th day of January 1802, being previous to the puffing of the Act for increasing the Allowance for the Police Ellabliffiment - For defraying the Expences incurred by John Soane, Esq. and to reward him for his trouble in making Designs, Elevations, and Estimates, for Alterations proposed in the years 1794 and 1795 to be made to the House of Lords, and Rooms and Offices adjoining -

For re-paying the Deposit Money made on forty Tickets of the Lottery of the year 1801, which, from particular circumstances, became forfeited, and which were fold for the benefit of the Public To reimburse to Dr. Jenner the Amount of the Fees and Charges on the Receipt of the Sum granted by an Act of the latt Session of Parliament, as a Reward to him for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation ——

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the year 1803 -

Towards enabling the Trullces of The British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -To be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the year 1803 ——

Isaac Du Bois, Esq. for his Losses sustained as an American Loyalist For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year 1803 -

To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs

may require ......

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the year 1802 To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the year 1801, at Lady Day 1803 -

For the Charges and Expences of preparing and drawing the Lotteries 1803, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid.- Remains to be Paid*

£■ *■ d. 22,082,691 7 io£ £. $. 22,051,726 2 lj £. t. d. 30.9^5 5 9

34,29s 14 4 34,298 14 4

868,923 8 —j 868,923 8 —{

1,910 10 — 1,910 10 —

500 500 —.-•*

22,564 13 6 22,564 13 6

22,538 2 3 22,538 2 3

37i >7 — 3,600 371 17 — 3,600

12,626 14 — 8,110 2 11 12,626 14 'T—— 8,110 2 11

31,000 1,760 19 n£ 31,000 hl6o 19 11$

4,500 13 2± 4>5°° 13 21

1,281 4 —I - 1,281 4

14,369 4 — 14.369 4 —

8,771 7 8J 8,771 7 8J

21,434 150,000 *1.434 150yQ00

340,000 340,000

2,661 17 8 2,661 17 8

7,620 4,000 3,620 — —

1,000,000 1,000,000

20,000 10,000 / 10,060

20,000 10,000 10,000

60,000 10,778 10 — 49,221 10

15,000 15,000

960 8 6 - 960 8 1

1,000 1,090

204 204

725 10 6 3,000 3,000 725 10 6

3,000 3,000

1,500 5,320 1,500 - 5,320

5,000 5,000

1,500,000 i7'43i 11 i£ 1,494,529 4 10 166,431 10 — 5,47 15 2 5,oco 1 life

117,450 1 — 117,450 1 —

16,000 4,900 11,100

26,582,126 7 7^ 26,452,020 12 7 130,105 15 —4

Appendix,

(No. 26.) 14* Mar

continued.

VOL. 59.

70


Appendir, (No. 26.) 14* Martliy

continu

<-----

602 Appendix.. 1804.

Account of Monies given for the Service of the Year 1803, &c.—continued.

j

PAYMENTS for other Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Sendee of the Year:

For Interest on Exchequer Bills raised per Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 41. -

- - - I)° - - D# 111. -

- - - \r - - d° no. -

... 1)0 - - - 43 D° - 5. -

For Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the Officers of the Commissionevs for Reducing the National Debt ——

James \Vm Hay, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed in virtue of a Convention concluded with America, dated 8th February 1802, for Incidental Expences -

To the Officers of the Exchequer, for extra trouble in making out Exchequer Bills To - - D° - of the Paymaster of Excr Bills, for D° in paying off D° -To the Bank of England, for Discount on Prompt Payments to Loan 1803 -To - - - D° - - - - receiving Subscriptions to Loan 1803

£■ s. d.

102,980 18 3

74>527 7 n

225,557 17 3

126,621 7 6

1,910 19 —

1,600-----

500-----

360-----

35>978 *6 3 9,669 10 -r-

579>7°6' 7

WAYS and MEANS for Answering the aforegoing Services:

DUTY on Malt continued 1803 -

4 s. per Lib. on Pensions, Offices, &c. -

Exchequer Bills on Aids 1804, part of £.4,000,000, raised per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 36.

Sum remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies reserved for Payment of Judges Salaries in Great Britain ——

__]3° - . for Payment of Bounties on the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain -

Loan, part of £. 12,000,000. (the Remainder being for the Service of Ireland) -Surplus Consolidated Fund ——

Lotteries, part of £. 352,333. 6. 8. (the Remainder being for the Service of Ireland) -Exchequer Bills on Aids 1804, part of £. 2,000,000. raised per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 146.

War Taxes, per Acts 43 Geo. HI. caps. 70. 81. and 122. -

, Interest on Land Tax Redeemed -

750,000

2.000. 000

3.000. 000

612

37.169

10,000,000

6.500.000 234.888

1.500.000

4.500.000 9,825

I. d.

16 3

14 8

17 9 to 9!

Total Sums Granted, as per preceding Account - .... £, 26,382,126

Amount of Payments, as above, for Services, not Part of the Supplies

of the Year ----- - 579,706

£■ 7 7i 7 2

Surplus Ways and Means

*3,532,490 19 si

27,161,832 14 Q±

1,370,664 4 8J

Memorandum:

The SUMS under-mentioned were also Granted in 1803, but were not for the Service of the Year:

£.5,000,000. - - In Exchequer Bills, were authorized to be raised by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 93. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills per Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 110.—And,

£ 1,500,000. - - In Exchequer Bills, were authorized to be raised by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 147. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills per Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 111. in possession of the Bank of England.

Amount of SUMS remaining in the Exchequer, and to be Raised, as follows:

In Contributions to Loan -

-----D°-----to Lotteries -

Surplus Consolidated Fund -

Exchequer Bills on Aids 1804, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 147. War Taxes, per A 61s 43 Geo. HI. caps. 70. 81. and 122. Interest on Land Tax Redeemed ——

Dedud the Amount of Exchequer Bills Outstanding, charged on Aids

l83 ...... £.1,484,466

Also, - the Sums Reserved to pay the Prizes of the Second and Third

Lotteries, granted in 1S03 - 490,000

Amount of Slims remaining to be paid, as per preceding Account

Surplus W^ys and Means

- £■ *■ d. 90,831 17 4i 938,252 7 4 5,470 15 2 2,203,739 5 4 5.825 10 9l

£■ 3,475,236 7 4-

7 7-i -

1,974,466 7 7$

£ 1,500,769 19

- 130,105 15 —j

* £■ 1,370,064 4 84

—.—=

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

14th March 1804, ) A!cock.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

603

Appendix (No. 27-)

ACCOUNT

OF TU E

PUBLIC INCOME OF IRELAND}

FOR THE YEAR ENDED THE FIFTH JANUARY I 8 0 4.

t

604

Appendix. 1804.

Appendix, (No, 27.)

z 70 Martiu

An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, for the Year ended the the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt: Distinguishing also, The Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per-Centum for Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th of January 1803 and on the 5th of January 1804, January 1803 and on the 5 th of January 1804, respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for

# Balances. Gross Receipt: RATE Per»Centum Drawbacks, Discounts, Charges of Management, &c. Paid out of the Gross Revenue.

1 1 BILLS / CROSS RECEIPT within the Year. 1 TOTAL

11 £ A v 9 of REVENUE. BALANCES in the Hands of the different Collectors on the 5th of January 1803. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of January 1803. in the Hands of the Receiver Genera! on the 5th of Jan/ 1803, but not due till after that day. RECEIPT to be Accounted for. for which the Gross Revenue was collected. r Re-payments, Drawbacks, Discounts, Stc. CHARGES of Management, TOTAL Payments out of the Gross Revenue.

Ordinary Revenues: £■ ». £. i. £. d. £. d. £. £■ «• d. £. d. £. d. £■ *. d.

CUSTOMS EXCISE 3 466,289 6 xoj *4.944 9 3i 97,^24 18 si f 1,6*6,794 7 8} I1.716,41* — 4< ^3,93^65 * *i 10 12 1* 279*51 14 II 354.5*5 * *{ 634.037 7 *0$

STAMPS 8°,6j9 5 9{ - - *16,443 — 3 297,102 6 —* 10 4 8 j 5,768 * 3 22,152 13 7 27,910 15 10

POST OFFICE - - - 16,870 II 4 - - 108,844 7 5 125,714 18 9 5* *4 7 13.548 4 8 63,923 8 11 77,471 *3 7

POUNDAGE FEES 35.695 6 9$ 35,695 6 9

PELLS FEES 7,139 >i 7»i39 *

2,078 19 9 2,078 19 9

CASUALTIES .... 2,303 15 II 2,303 15 11

TOTAL - - - -) ORDINARY REVENUES - 5 563,819 4 —J *4.944 9 3i 97,0*4 18 si 3,715.710 19 3I 4.40M99 * —1 - - - 298,768 I IO 440.661 15 rf 7394*9 *7 a

Extraordinary Resources:

FOUR-SHILLING Tax on Salaries, Penflons, and Profits of Employments 40 2 6 40 2 6 . - m m m

PUBLIC Coal Yards 3,925 3,925 ... * - - 4 mm —

COMMISSIONERS of the Navy, on Account of Advances by Collectors in Ireland, for Seamens Wages, Sec. 66,173 — 6 66,173 — 6 \

SUNDRY Persons on Account of Rice, Indian Corn, Sec. fold on Account of 5*73 4 *i 5.173 4

GAIN by Exchange on Sums received 62,324 19 6 62,324 19 6

FROM the Bsnk of Ireland for the Purchase of the late Parliament House m ' 40,000 — — 40,000 — —.

FROM Great Britain, One-third of the 127,231 9 8 127,231 9 8

OTHER Monies paid to the Public - 7,769 10 nj 7,769 10

Appropriated DUTIES for Local Objects:

LINEN Manufacture 792 8 4 792 8 4 * - ic6 2 1 106 2 X

LAGAN Navigation - 291 6 2 - - 2,289 4 — 2,580 10 2 - - - 1,204 4 — 54 5 — «,*s* 9 —-

IMPROVEMENT of Dublin - 1,740 13 6' - - 10,432 14 6 «,i73 8 —i - * > 37 3 6 - 37 3

REPAIRS of Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings - - - - 5*3 15 75 . ... 1,421 5 — 2,005 — 71

KING’S INNS - - 1,500 1,500 — —

6,500 — — 6,500'

PRESBYTERIAN Minlften - 4»45l * 9 4,45* 8 9

- - - TOTAL - - - - > Independent of the Loans - 5 566,434 19 4i *4.944 9 3i 97.0*4 «8 4.055.736 7 h 4,744,140 14 10$ - - - 300,115 II 5 440.7*6 — si 740,831 it xoj

LOANS paid into the Exchequer from 5th of January 1803 to 5th of January 1804 - - 2,178,066 13 4 2,178,066 13 4

GRAND TOTAL - - 566,434 19 4. *4.944 9 3i 97,024 18 $1 6,233,803 1 —i 6,922,207 8 2$ " * " 300,115 II 5 440,716 — si 740,831 XI xoi

Note—The Appropriated Balances In the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1803, amounted to -The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1803, amounted to -

The Appropriated Balances in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1804, amounted t# -The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1804, amounted to

£■ *3.940 i« — 1 1,004,5*7 513

30,099 15 11 7 *93*77 3 7*3

1,018,467 18 3*3,976 1,

Si

6§

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

605

Append

5th of January 1804; Distinguishing, ynder each Head of Revenue—The Amount of the Gross Receipt—The Rate per-Centum for eolledling the fame-and, (No 2-colh;fling the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce.:—Distinguishing also, The Payments into the Exchequer, and the 27° ^ai respectively, applicable to, or anting from, the Revenue of the said Tear: Together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of ' '

the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not Redeemed within that Period.

NET PRODUCE applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the Exchequer* RATE Per-Centum, for which the Net Revenue was collected. Payments out of the Net Produce applicable to National Objects: PAYMENTS into the EXCHEQUER. r-1 -r - . - — Balances: TOTAL DISCHARGE.

PAYMENTS on Account of Militia, Deserters, Stragg in*» Seamm, 4rmy of Reierve, and Fort fieation Compensation - BOUNTIES fur promwting the Fisheries, Linen Manufacture, See, TOTAL Payments out of the Net Produce. - BALANCES in the Hands of the different Cofle£fcors, on the 5th of Jan* 1804. D° overpaid by D® $th J»ny 1803. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of January 1804. BILLS in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of Januaty 1804, bur not due till after that day.

* c * £■ *• J- £■ i. £■ «• £■ »• J- £. *. £• * £• *. d £ * J.

3 *97 *7 >4 *ot 3 * 9i 48,059 ij 51 40431 10 10 * * 88*91 4 3l 1,534.087 — * ! 55*.7*6 7 5i *4*394 5 — i 98*738 n 11 | 3>297*7 *4 iof

69,181 IO 2$ * >5 —* - *8*.547 * 3i 86,634 1 u\ - - ' 169,181 10 1}

4».*43 S * *«3 *s —i ,5.318 9 t{ ! *.9*4 *5 m mm - 4*.*43 J

35.695 6 9* 35.695 6 9* 35.695 6 9j

7.»39 * *1 - - - - 7>*39 *. *i 7.«39 * *t

2,078 19 9 2,078 19 9 *#078 I9 9

2,303 15 11 " * m - 2,303 15 11 »>3°3 15 1*

3,662,069 13 9j 4«.os9 13 Si 40431 10 10 88,49* 4 3i *789,17° 1 H j 661,175 4 9i *4.394 5 —i 98,738 17 11 3,662,069 13 92

40 2 6 40 2 6 4° * 6

3,9*5 3,925 — — * . «. . 3,925

<6.173— 6 - % - * - - . - €6.173 — 6 V. C *. - »• 66,173 —

S.»73 4 *} 5»*73 4 8| w w w Urn I 5.*7J 4 *{

62,324 19 6 62,324 19 6 - w & 61,314 19 6

40,000 — —

127*231 9 8 1,7,131 9 8 *7,231 9 g

7,769 xo u£ ~ - 7.769 *• *i 7.769 *0 tl|

686 6 3 f *66 9 9i )

• { I 5*9 *6 5! v - - 686 < j

1,322 t 2 997 10 — 314 11 1 m x, *.3*2 *

X*,!# 4 1 10,661 6 6 *74 *8 —I - - - M.136 4 6f

v»5 — - - «' w- •« - - ' * * " 1,586-18 — 4*8 1 T\ -* - *°°5— 7l

1,500 - ' " — " ^Sco - m* ~ m - *,500 — —

6.500 — — ' - ° 6,500 - - - 6,;oo — —

4*5* '* 9 4>45a 8 9

4,452 8 ,

4*003,309 2 Jlj 48.059 »3 Si 40,431 10 1« *8*91 4 Si 3.*7.5°5 * 664,179 2 IO J *4.384 5 —i 98,738 17 llr 4*003,309 z 112

2,178,066 13 4 1,178,066 13 4 - 2,178,066 13 4

6.i8»-375 >6 3i - 48,059 13 5} 40,432 10 10 8*9* 4 31 j S.305.57* 6 i{ 664,179 2 Io£ *4.394 5 —i 98,738 17 I. 6.181,37516 3$

Tk* Service betwee. the j*,rf J»ua*.803.06 the 5* of Januer, J £ t,

700,000*

Accountant General's Office, aid Match 1804.

S. Moore, a. G.

vou 59. 7 P

606

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 27.)

continued.

Mail.

Ah ACCOUNT of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1804;

Specifying also, the Surplus of the

balance on the Consolidated fund, remaining in the Exchequer on 5th January 1803 Customs and Excise Duties, including Quit Rents and Payments by DifmilTed Collectors Stamp Duties, including Composition from Bankers -Pott-Office Revenue -Duty on Wrought Plate Poundage Fees -

Pells Fees -

Repayment of Seamen's Wages, advanced by Collectors -

Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain -

From the Bank of Ireland, for the Purchase of the late Parliament House

Other Monies paid to the Public (fee Appendix) -

Extraordinary Resources:

Loan, including £. 1,700,000 Exchequer Bills -From Great Britain, yd of the Lottery Profit of 1803

INCOME.

£■ i. d.

1,004,527 2 5

2,538.387 2 84

182,547 8 34

25,3*8 9

2,078 19 9

35,695 6 94

7, *39 1 14

- -

3,878,066 13 4 127,231 9 8

s. d.

r95,693 *° O

66,173 — 6

62,324 19 6

40,000 — —

»4,9>i 11 7

3>979>103 2 4

4,005,298 3 — 7,984,401 5 4

27* Mar til.

An ABSTRACT of the RECEIPTS and ISSUES of the Treasury in Ireland, ia

REMAINS

on

5th January 1803.

r

CO

P*

>—1

O

w

r ^Linen ----- £■ 2,929 13 9f

-d . 0 •* Lagan Navigation - - 1,997 10 —

pproprii Funds Improving Dublin - - 1,918 4 8J

King's Inns ----- - 2,690 — —

< Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings - - 379 6 ii

_ Voluntary Contributions - 14,026 1 4*J

w Consolidated Fund -

s. d.

-o

c

3

u,

<2

c

o

V

Revenue - - - ......

Quit Rents

Casualties ——

Difmirted Collectors -

Stamps ——

Compensation from Bankers in lieu of Stamp Duties -Portage ——

Duty on Wrought Plate

Public Coal Yards ——

Wool Licences ——

Four-Shilling Tax on Salaries and Pensions, to the 25th March 1801 -Poundage Fee in one Year, to the 5th January 1804 -

Pells Fee ----- fame Time ——

From the Commissioners of the Navy in Great Britain, on Account of Advances made by several Collectors in Ireland, for Seamens Wages, (£.61,082. 15 s. 10 d. British) -

From sundry Persons, on further Account of Rice, India Corn, &c. fold for Account of Government ——

From the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Interest on £.38,985. 19 s. 7 d. in Debentures, at £.5 per-Cent. per Annum, for one Year i^ul a Half, to the 25th March 1803, issued to them pursuant to Act of Parliament, Sertion 1800 -

23,940 16 —

1,004,527 2 5j

2,538, H5 8 9 91 13 2,303 15 11

150-----

182,227 9 34 319 19 -25,318 9 8* 2,078 19 9

3,925 -

140-----

40 2 6 35,695 6 9^ 7,139 1 i4

66,173 — 6 5,173 4 8J

2,923 19 —

s. d.

1,028,467 18 51

44 Geo. III.

Appendix i

607

and also, of the Actual Payments thereout; within the said Year; and the Total Charge thereon, in respect of the said Year; laid Consolidated Fund.

SEPARATE CHARGES.

Interest on Funded Debt, including Annuities and Management -Interest on Unfunded Debt -

Sinking Fund, and Management -

Principal of Debentures ——

Principal of Exchequer Bills -

Lottery Prizes ——

Difrount on Prompt Payment of Load Deposit

Relief of Loyal ills -

Union Com pensation -

Inland Navigations -

Proportionate Contribution

Total Charge of the Consolidated Fund in the Year Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on 5th January 1804

Treasury, Dublin Castle, ? ad May 1804. j

Actual Payments. C HARGE.

£. s. d. £. ,. d.

- 1,671,724 17 8k i;7t>2,643 — 9

53,122 12 n| 53,751 16 4

425,813 14 —4 425,813 14 —4

400 2,675

1,117,023 6 8 1,131,031 13 4

1,305 29,981

9,749 4 5 9,749 4 5

10,478 3 lj 10,478 3 iJ

398,634 12 84 398,634 12 84

63,723 11 10 j 63,723 i» io£

£- 3,751,975 3 6 3,828,481 16 6|

- 3,938,548 18 2$ Unascertained.

- 7,690,524 1 84 Unafcer tained.

- 293,877 3 7 Unascertained.

£ 7,984,401 5 4 —

G. Cavendish.

APPENDIX.

Casualties ——

Public Coal Yards -

Wool Licences ——

Four-Shilling Tax on Salaries and Pensions, to 25th March 1801 -

From fnndry Persons on further Account of Rice, Indian Corn, &c. fold for Account of Government -From the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Interest on £. 38,085 19. 7. in Debentures at 5 per-Cent. per Annum for one Year and a Half, to the 25th March 1803, issued to them pursuant to Act of Parliament, Session 1800 - -

More Interott on £.6,023. 6 8. in Exchequer Bills at-5 per-Cent. per Annum, for one Year and a Quarter, to the 25th March 1803; issued to them purlyant to Act of Parliament Session 1800 -

From the Barrack Matter General, the Amount of the Sale of the Building and Materials of the Barrack at Cattlereagh, sold by Auction by order of Government, in December 1802 -

Auditor General's Office, 7 —

ad May 1804. | Thomas Haffieldl

d.

14,911 11 7

Append*

(No. 27.)

continued.

2»303 H

3,925 -

140-----

40 2 6 5,173 4 8J

3,923 19 —

376 9

29 O 3J

9° Man.

'•ne’i^ar; from the 5th January 1803 to the 5th January 1804; together with the Remains.

27* Mart it.

r

c/>

UX

D

cn <jy

pCivil Lift Pensions

< 1

3

U*

•o

s

a

o

O

J5 S

'u

cS

2U

Public Infirmaries -

Public Coal Yards -

Army Baggage -

Lottery Expences - . -

Police Establittiment -

Inspector General of Prisons ——

Traufportation of Felons -

Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts - - ,

Imprett Office -

Secret Service in deteding Treasonable Conspiracies Annuities and Compensation Allowances -Judges Additional Salaries, &c.

Disembodied Militia -Controverted Elections -Prizage -

,a>

3

2*

Army, including Garrisons and their Incidents -General Officers and Medical Staff -Mutter-Matter General, &c. -

Recruiting and Contingencies ——

Half Pay Officers and Reduced Chaplains -Officers Widows -

Ordnance -

Barrack Department -

Royal llolpital -

Military Hospitals and Royal Military Infirmary Militia -

Volunteer Corps -

Army F.xtraordinarics -

Vote of Credit -

£. *.

3,225 —

6,384 9 ioj

15,836 18 H

3,815 7 72

15,743 17 4i

200 —

562 5 10 j

1,954 12 9i

3*024 — 9

6,743 19 8

88,790 1 5i

33,913 IO 11

1,227 11 4

2,103 4 6

8,247 8 5i

933,280 7 n

31,843 19 —

6,866 11 6

16,959 19 101

34,545 12 74

6,015 8 8

223,067 4 4*

297,564 6 92

19 3i

19*954 11 ui

494*351 6 3i

17M33 a 8

— —

290,807 10 11

£■ '■ d.

1+6,974 7 8J

105,724 4 44

191,772 9

3.219,880 5 9

( continued.)

Uj ne

Appendix

A. 1804,

608

Appendix, (No. 27.) 27° Martii,

tuntimted.

An Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of

£■ *■ d: C *• d.

More Interest from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Interest on £.6,023. 6 s. fid. in Exchequer Bills, at £. 5 per-Cent. per Annum, for one Year find a Quarter, to the 25th March 1803, issued to them puiiuant to Act of Parliament, Session 1800 376 9 a

From the Barrack Mailer General, the Amount of the Sale of the Building and Materials of the Barrack at Calllereagh, sold by Auction, by order of Government, in December 1802 - -- -- - 29— 3!

From the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the purchase of the late Parliament House - 40,000

Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain - 62,324 19 6

From Great Britain, being One-Third of the Profit on Lotteries for the Year 1803, (£.117,444. 8a\ 11 d. British) - - - . 127,231 9 8

From Great Britain, a Loan of £.2,000,000 British, by which a Debt is created of £.3,200,000 British, making £.3,466,666. 135. 4d. lrish, at 3 per-Cent. per annum, from sundry dates - 2,166,666 13 4

On Debentures, at £.4 per cent, per annum, from the 30th May 1801, issued to the / Barrow Navigation, pursuant to Act of Parliament, Session 1789 400

On Debentures, at £.5 per-Cent. per annum, from the 16th December 1802, issued.to the Royal Canal Company, to complete£.25,000, granted Session 1798 - 11,000

On Exchequer Bills, at £. 5 per-Cent. per annum, from the 24th June 1803, and payable on or before 24th June 1804, issued by virtue of an Act of the late lrish Parliament, of Session 1800, granting £. 1,410,000, to be raised for Compensation for LolTes by the Union. - ... 306,000

On Exchequer Bills, at £.5 per-Cent. per annum, from 24th June 1803, and payable on or before 24th June 1804, issued by virtue of an Act of the late lrish Parliament, of Session 1800, granting £.500,000 for Inland Navigations - 200,000

On Exchequer Bills, at £.5 per-Cent. per annum, from 24th June 1803, and payable 24th June 1804, issued to renew a like Sum in possession of the Bank of Ireland - -- -- -- -- 600,000 1 f

On Exchequer Bills, at £. 5 per-Cent. per annum, from 24th July 1803, and payable 24th July 1804, issued to renew a like Sum in possession of the Bank of Ireland. ----- 100,000 —

On Exchequer Bills, at £. 5 per-Cent. per annum, from id August 1803, and pay-^ able 311I July 1804, pursuant to 43 Geo. III. cap. 114 - 500,000 6,979,874 4 »1

« rLagan Navigation 997 10 —

Improving Dublin -- - - -- -- 10,661 6 6

King’s Inns - - - 1,500

Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings ----- 1,586 18 —

Fiffi Bounty ----- 6,500

Preffiyterian Ministers - - - - 4452 8 9

£■ 25,698 3 3 8>°34»0+° 4 7

Treasury, Ireland, 7

9th February 1804. 3 G. CavendiJJl.

£ ^4pyilis, ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th of January

1804; Distinguishing the Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures Exported from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported: Together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Real Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures Exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1804.

Official Value of Imports -

f Irish Producoand Manufactures Official Value of Exports

t Foreign Articles -

Rob* Marshall.

1

The Account of the REAL VALUE of Irish Produce and Manufactures, Exported in the Year ending 5th January 1804, will be

made out as soon as the Average Rates of all Ireland can be ascertained.

c s. d.

5,275,650 1 —

4,6*29,086 3 —,

141,301 17 3

Inspector General's Office of Imports and Exports, •2 lit March 1804,

R. Marj

Inipecior General of Imports and Exports.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

the Treasury in Ireland—continued.

■5

S,

as

•X3

x*

as

o

c

3

4

O

U

Public Officers, for several Services Public Hospitals and Schools

\ Miscellaneous Services g I Public Boards -

-Civil Contingencies

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Deposits, &c. Relief of Loyalists - * - -

Compensation for Losses by the Union -Inland Navigations, Grant of Session 1789

Ditto - - - - Grant of Session 1798

Ditto - - - - Grant of Session 1800 -

l ottery Prizes

Principal of Exchequer Bills -

Principal of Loan Debentures -

Interest, Annuities, and Management on Funded Debt

Sinking Fund and Management -

Interest on Exchequer Bills - - - •

-o

s

•8 * < ‘C

oU

s

Q.

Linen

Lagan Navigation Improving Dublin

King’s Inns

Kr.yal Exchange an^f Commercial Buildings -Voluntary Contributions - -

Fish Beamy - - - •

609

< 4 Linen - - £.1,361 — 7

1 Lagan Navigation - 997 jo —

R E M A1 N S £ Improving Dublin - - - - 2,096 10 —-

on ( QJ .2 > King's Inns - - - - l,5oo — t—

5th January 1804. cu 0 Voluntary Contributions * 13,90* 1 4f f

u s Fish Bounty - . - - - 5,791 5 aj

< ^Presbyterian Ministers - 4,452 8 9

Consolidated Fund - -- - V.

*,589 — —

86,060 17 3

84,668 6 6$

53>»Oo — —

47.788 7 6

9*749 4 5

10,478 3 i»

398,634 12 n

400 —. —

1 1,000 — —

52,323 11 101

1,305 — —

i,ii7>°23 6 8

400 — —

1,671,724 17 81

425,813 14 -4

-53*122 12

1,568 13 ai

1,997 10 —

10,483 1

2*690 — —

1,966 4 ll

125 — —

708 14 9f

30,099 15 ll

293,877 3 7l

t. d.

*74*19^ »* 3l

3,751,975 3 <5

7,690,524 1 8|

19,539 3 4

Appendix,

(No. 27.)

*7* Martiiy

continued\

7,710,063 5 —i

W2i976 19 6k

8,034,040 4 7

Ax ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Built and Registerad in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1803, and the 5th of January 1804.

Amount of Tonnage, - 2,418 Tons.

Number of Vessels.

42

Custom House, Dublin, 7

27th February 1804. 3 Ftd% L. Morgan,

, Depr Regr General of Shipping

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland, on the 30th September 1803.

Ships.

1,065

Custom House, Dublin, 7 27th February 180^.. j

Vol. 59.

Tons. Men.

- - 58,871 ...... - 5*218.

7 Q

Fr<t L. Morgan,

Dep* Reg' General of Ship ping.

610

Appendix

.4.1804

Appendix, (No, »7.) 2j* Mar tity continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their. Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Hows ' Ireland, from* or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1804: Dilunguishing

CO UNTRIES I N WAR /X D S. GENERAL TOTAL

from which r . BRITISH. \ IRISH. FOREIGN. of all Vessels ENTERED INWARDS.

INVOICED. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Ions. Men.

r Denmark - - ' 178 21,199 1,162 26 3,455 188 265 44,820 2,752 469 69*74 4,102

Rullia - 40 6,089 320 7 1,105 63 - - - ■- - 47 7,194 38 3

Sweden - \ - ‘2 218 it 1 46 3 64 8,731 603 67 8,995 617

Poland - — — —- — — •— — —

Prussia - - 6l H,7°5 641 3 54® 28 29 6,164 34® 93 21,417 1,009

Germany - 1 H5 9 1 155 8 12 i,53® 98 14 1,830 115

Holland .... 11 L273 78 1 108 8 5 54® 43 17 1.921 129

Flanders - — — ■— — — — ‘ — —

France - 5 649 39 7 901 55 7 823 56 19 2,373 15®

Portugal and Madeira 3® 4,i9 226 31 3,864 225 95 10,810 963 156 18,783, i,4H

w Spain and Canaries - r 22 2,8l8 160 6 586 41 12 i>454 102 40 4,858 3°3

Streights and Gibraltar 1 115 6 3 240 24 - - 4 355 3®

0 Italy ... - H 1,931 97 3 298 21 2 293 20 19 2,522 138

Turkey - —* —* ——

Venice ——

w Total Foreign Europe - 365 53,251 2,749 89 11,306 664 49i 75,105 4,977 945 139.722 8,390

England - 4>»48 4*3,>78 22,272 736 56,129 3,522 1 74 12 4,885 469,381 25,806

Scotland .... 1,386 91,890 6,552 . 437 22,877. 1,873 1,823, 114,767 8,425

lfle of Man 22 727 68 6 170 20 897 88

Guernsey - H 1,125 77 4 i®5 17 18 1,230 94

Jersey - 8 501 43 8 501 43

Greenland - — """ * —

, Total British Eyrope - 5,578 507,421 29,012 1,183 79,281 5,432 1 74 12 6,762 586,776 34,456

New England - 19 2,163 160 19 2,163 160

New York ... 7 1,220 63 1 192 10 45 8,014 465 53 9,426 538

New Providence — .. ——

Pennsylvania - 2 360 23 - r - - - 20 4,495 264 22 4,855 287

Maryland - 1 206 " 9 7 i,537 «5 8 i,743 94

Virginia - - - 1 i§4 10 2 398 25 11 2,234 131 14 2,826 166

North Carolina - 2 39® »3 4 702 43 6 1,092 66

South Carolina - 2 290 »7 1 172 7 3 462 24

Georgia - 1 244 15 1 244 15

Total States 12 2,164 119 6 1,086 61 108 , 19,561 1,170 126 22,811 1,35®

Newfoundland - H 1,650 106 3 204 18 >7 1,854 124

Quebec - 4 671 4® 3 580 35 7 1,251 75

Nova Scotia e 1 136 10 - 1 136 10

Bermuda - f — — — —. — —

Total Colonies - 19 2,457 156 6 784 53 25 3,241 209

Antigua - 5 977 54 7 1,219 76 12 2,196 130

Barbadoes - - - 5 748 42 5 7+8 42

Cape Breton ——

< Dominica - 2 169 16 2 169 16

0 Grenada ——

ea< Jamaica - - 9 *,859 112 10 . 1,995 111 *9 3,854 223

Mont Serrat - 1 148 1® 1 185 9 - - - - 2 333 19

a Nevis ——

«< St. Kitts - 2 3°7 15 2 3°7 15

St. Vincents - 2 515 28 4 807 47 6 1,322 75

Tortola - - - 2 380 21 2 380 21

Total British West Indies 21 4,186 240 29 5,123 3®i - - - 50 9,309 54*

Demarara - — r _ - -

Martinique * - •— — —

St. Eustatia - — — —. ■' ——

St. Lucia - — - - .. - T - -

Surinam - «- - — — —.

Tobago - -Trinadad - - * — — — 1 — — —. , ,— . — — —

1 225 10 1 151 6 2 376 16

Total Conquered Islands 1 225 10 1 151 6 2 376 16

Guadaloupe - — — .— ——

St. Croix - —

St. Thomas ——

Total Foreign W’cft Indies - — —

Honduras - * - - 1 215 12 1 215 . - , . .1 12

GENERAL ABSTRACT; viz. Total of all Europe - r 5,943 560,672 31,761 1,272 90,587 6,096 492 75,239 4,989 7:7°7 726,498 42.846

Alia — New Holland 7 (N. S. Wales) j " - — —

— Africa - Cape of Good Hope - j America - . - - *3 9,®32 525 43 ’ 7,359 433 108 19,561 M7° 204 35,952 2,128

Total of all Parts - - ! 5.996 569,704 3*,2 86 L315 97,946 6,529 Goo 94,800 6,159 7,911 762,450 (44,974

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

611

employed in Navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which Entered Inwards and Cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of British and Irish and Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

COUNTRIES from which OUTVOICED. 0 U T W A RDS. GENERAL TOTAL ‘ * of all Vessels Cleared Outwards.

BRITISH. IRISH. FOREIGN.

Ships* Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. 1 Ships. Tons. Men.

r Denmark . 34 5,7*5 283 9 1i332' 68 209 38,147 2*281 252 45,264 2,63a

Heflin - - - - 17 3,3*1 156 4 543 36 - 4 775 46 25 4,699 238

7 1,048 77 7 1,048 77

Poland - - . — ' — — ' *—7 — — —* — . •— —1. —

Prussia - . 7 >,>94 ®4 2 399 23 25 5,621 300 34 7,214 387

1 1 >- s fl8 E x> 0 1 137 5 9 i,976 98 10 2,112 103

Holland - - 1 122 6 133 8 2 255

Flanders - . — — — — ■-— — — — — *7— — —

France - - - 4 596 3i 7 1,079 57 11 1,675 88

Portugal and Madeira - 9 1,065 65 2o 4,560 150 122 15,611 1,160 151 19,236 i*375

£3 Spain and Canaries - - 2 >74 12 1 135 6 59 9,243 525 62 9,552 543

p* Streights and Gibraltar - 3 183 16 6 429 38* 2 364 16 11 976 70

0 Italy 2 327 17 * 2 327 17

ci rI urkey - - - —* - ——

Venice - -

td Total Foreign Europe - 74 12*041 607 46 5*994 352 447 74.323 4*585 567 92,358 5,544

England - m 3*66+ 377,030 20,409 612 50,002 3*H3 32 5.548 335 4,308 432,580 *3.947

Scotland - . 85,993 5.928 4®5 25,077 2,188 1 186 13 1,705 111,256 8,129

Itle of Man - 35 M43 126 42 988 184 - - - 1 - - - 77 2,131 31®

Guernsey * - 6 495 31 3 108 12 9 603 43

Jersey - 7 454 38 7 454 38

Greenland - — — — 1 " r 1 "*"* — —

Total Britishi Europe - 4>r»5i 465,115 2^,592 1,122 7^,175 5,527 33 5-734 348 I 6,106 547*024 32,467

13 2,232 116 13 2,232 116

New York - l 57 5 36 6,932 398 37 6,989 403

New Providence - 1 176 >7 1 176 *7

Pennfylviuiia - l 105 7 13 2,558 162 14 2,663 169

Maryland 3 754 34 3 754 34

Virginia - - 2 4i8 19 1 167 10 3 575 31 6 1,160 60

North Carolina - - 1 >54 12 1 133 12 2 287 24

South Carolina - 2 290 21 1 303 12 3 593 33

Georgia - ■- - — — * — — — ■—

Total States - 6 910 60 3 457 3i 7° 13,487 765 79 14,854 85 6

Newfoundland - 29 3*45* 230 4 343 ‘ 26 33 3,794 256

Quebec - - 2 257 15 2 257 15

Nova Scotia - 3 553 28 3 553 28

Bermuda - —— — — t - ■—

Total Colonies - *- 34 4,261 273 4 343 26 38 4,604 299

Antigua - 6 >,'33 64 8 1,711 83 14 2,844 H7

Barbadoes - 11 2,7*5 193 7 1*557 81 18 4,342 274

Cape Breton . - — — — . — — —

Dominica - 3 774 96 1 89 6 4 863 102

O Grenada ... - 2 472 34 2 472 34

* Jamaica - - - - 57 18,296 1,217 11 2,212 146 68 20,508 l*343

Mont Serrat - , ——

Nevis _ - —* - —

St. Kitts - . 2 567 44 1 166 9 3 733 53

< St. Vincents - 4 1,027 56 6 1,222 61 10 2,249

l or tola - - 2 264 19 2 364 19

Total Britishi West Indies 87 25.318 1*723 34 6,957 366 121 32,275 2,089

Pemarara 4 83a 58 * 4 832 58

Martinique - — — — —* - — —

St. Eultaiia - —; - —

St. Lucia - —

Surinam ——

Tobago - - 2 463 31 -■ - 2 463 31

Trinadad - - 1 202 13 1 159 IO ... ■* 2 361 23

Total Conquered Islands 7 M97 102 1 159 10 - - 8 1,656 112

Guadalnupe - — — —. ——

St. Croix ——

St. Thomas - 1 245 11 1 ^45 11

Total foreign West Indies 1 245 11 1 245 11

, Honduras 1 169 12 1 I69 12

GENERAL ABSTRACT; v, iz.

Total of hU Europe - - 5,0*25 477, >5® 27,199 1,168 82,169 5,879 480 80,057 4*933 6,673 639,382 38,011

1 — Alia - —. — •— - —

i —- New Holland 7

— — (N. S. Wale*) J ~

— — Africa - * - - 3 451 30 3 451 30

— Cape of Good Hope ——

— — America - 135 3*31 2,169 43 8,085 445 70 13.487 75 248 53,803 3,379

Total of all Parts - I 0 I <2 1 & 509,387 29,368 1,211 90,254 6,324 553 93,995 5,728 6,924 693,636 41*420

Ciitom-House, Dublin, } N Samuel Walkery

17 tli March 1804. / Comptroller of Tonnage, dec.

Appendix

(No. 27O Martin

continued.

___w,;-— tJ

612

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 27.)

continued.

14* Maii.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5U1 January Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; diilinguishing the of Management, and the Sums applicable to its Reduction.—2dly, The Interest on Exchequer Bills.—3dly. Iliues for Purposes apjMimted other Permanent Charges.—6thly. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts.—7thly. The Ordnance.—8thly. The Army; for Staff Officers and Officers of Garril'ons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Pay of Public Officers: Specifying also the of any Public Morey applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expeoces

Heads of Expenditure.

O

U

e;

o

4>

a I. For Interest 6n the Funded Debt of Ireland, including Annuities for Lives and Terras of Years; also £. t. per-Cent. for the Reduction of the Capital created by Loans since 1797

For Charge of Management thereon

There was also applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, the Annual Issue of -

Whereof was applied, towards the Reduction of the National Debt - -

Total on Account of Interest - -

Ditto, for Charge of Management -

Ditto, on. Account of the Reduction of the National Debt -

II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills

III. Issues for Purposes appointed by the Parliament of Ireland prior to the Union -

IY. Issues from Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes

Carried forward

SUMS.

£. e. d.

2,014411 6 if

67*635 8 4

2,082,046 14 5J 515,824 8 8J

1,566,222 5 9 *7 3i

515,824 8 8£

£. i. d.

15491 17 3i

-----N

s. d.

2,097,538 n *1 53,1*2 i« uj

1,601,313 1* 9$ J9.539 3 4

TOTAL.

f. *. i.

3,771,514 6 10

3,77L5>4 6 10

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle,) 5th May 1804. 3

O* Maii An ACCOUNT of the' PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of IRELAND, as the same flood 00 the 5th January 1804;

" * . amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund—the Annual Interest and Annuities, and the several Portions thereof payable in Lon dow and

Payable in DUBLIN: Payable in

By what ACTS Created, SUMS Raised. f £■ 3- 10 *• per-Cent. per Annum. £■* per-Cent. per Annum. ' A £. 5 per-Cent. per Annum. r £. 5 per-Cent. per Annum. (BritlHa Currency.) £-3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, (British Currency.) £ 3 per-Cent deduced Annuities, (Britisht Currency.) ' £• 3 per Cent. Con foil dated Annuities, to commence from the 5 th fanu ayiiot (Briti/lk Currency.)

13 Geo. Ill - £ >■ 265,000 — d. £■ *• d. £. d. 1 FS 1 ft. £ '• d. £. 4. IS 1 1 ft. £• *• d.

r5 Geo. 111. . - 175,000 —

17 Geo. HI. - - 300,000 — —

*5 Geo. III.

17 Geo. 111. - . 200,000 — 200,000 —

»8 Gen. III. . - 918,240 —

27. 29. Ss 31 Geo. 111. 174,600 — — - 174,600

33 Geo. III. - . 200,000 — — . ... 200,000 — — -

Vote of Credit, > 150,000

nth June 1793 5 - - * * 150,000

34 Geo. HI. . - 1,029,650 — ... - - - 487,983 6 < 500,000 —

35 Geo III. - - 1,591,666 13 4 - - - - 400,000 — 1,100,000 —

36 Geo. III. -Vote of Credit x8th - 640,000 ... - 640,000 —

) 325,000 — 2,018,700 — 3>4*4>47< 3 300,000 — —

OcUbr 1796 - - 37 Geo. III. - 38 Gee. Ill . 1 4 - . 635,000 — — 2,054,950 1,87 5,000 3,000,000 — — 750,000 — — 1,000, coo

39 Geo. Ill - - 5,26X,000 — ... ... 2,011,000 — - 3,750,000 1,500,000 — —- -

40 Geo. III. - 4,666,666 13 4 ... ... 2,500,000 2,200,000 94.0,000 — — ...

41 Geo. Ill: - - *»75°>3i9 6 3 ... ... 4^985 19 7 «• 3, fi 5,000 1,268,750 -

42 Geo. HI. - 3,791.666 13 4 1,770,232 17 1 1,300,000 1,200,000 — 139.25°

43 Geo. III. - 2,166,666 13 4 1,600,000 — — 1,600,000 — — -

BANK OF

IRELAND:

22 St 37 Geo 111. - 600,000 — — . - - - 600,000 — —

3 7 Geo. HI. - 500,000 — " * * * m m m 500,000 — —

31,148,652 2 11 17 1 174,600 —— 10,220,919 6 3 1,900,000 I rish Currency: »*°5«*333 6 8 16,850,000 — — Irish Currency: 18,254,166 13 4 8^58,75° Irish Currency t *946,979 3 4 139,250 Irish Currency: 'S°.*54 3 4

TOTAL PRINCIPAL DEBT, on thejth January 1S04

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, 4th May 1804.

44 Geo. ItL

Appendix

613

Appendix,

1803, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th January 1804, and the Monies paid out of the Net

'Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service.—ift. Interest on Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges

(No. 27.;

determined by the Irish Parliament prior to the Union.—4-thly. llfues from Appropriated Funds /or Local Purposes.—5thly. Civil Lid, Pensions, and continued.

specifying the Amount of Monks paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. for Regulars, Militia, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; K_/

Amount of Monies p;*id to the Extraordinary Service of the Army.—9thly Miscellaneous Services; And, lastly, specilying the Amount + \a mm

of and for Ireland, from thufe which belong to it with Great Britain, *4 ^uUU

Heads of Expenditure. SUMS. TOTAL.

1 £., s. £. s. d. i £• i. d. £. «. d.

Brought forward - - - - 3,77',ji4 $

r (Civil List ----- 140,974 7

V. < Pensions ----- 105,724 4 4!

I Other Permanent Charges ----- - i9‘»77i 9 il

— 444,471 1 2

- VI. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts; vis.

55 Bounties - -- - 40,431 10 10

Sh Militia, Army of Reserve, Deserters Warrants, &c. &c. - 48>°59 13

5 88,491 4 3

H <; VII. Ordnance - -- - 223,067 4 4i

5. VIII. Army.—Ordinary Service; viz.

Regulars, Militia, and Volunteer Corps * - 1,(>*2C>,280 13 — $

Barracks -

’ V Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrifoiis - - 39,542 18 6

O U Half Pay Officers and Reduced Chaplains - 34.545 >2 7* t

O Officers Widows ----- 6,015 8 8

Cl. y. Royal I Iospital ----- 42,189 19 3

Public Officers, their Deputies, Clerks, and Incidental

*-» a ‘q Expences - ----- 6,866 11 6

2,056,005 10 5j

6.50,000

2,706,006 IO 5J;

IX. Miscellaneous Services ----- 274,197 11 3

Lastly. Vote of Credit - - 290,807 IO 11

4,087,040 2 t

£■ 7.798.554 9 4

G. Cavendish.

distinguishing the Years in which each Part thereof was created;—difunguiftiing also, the different Funds in which it is inverted—the Dublin respectively—the Charge of Management—and the Annual Charge for the lledudion of the said Debt.

L OKD ON:

Confoijdated Annuities, (British Currency.)

x. d.

300,oco —■-----

3cc,oooo — —

Irish Currency: 325,000 — —

150,854 3

8,946.979 3

18,254,166 13

2.058,333 6

10,220,919 6

174,6co — 2,888,472 17

4*3*019,315 10 —

Annual Interest.

j 39.13S 8 —

6,984-----

| 17,500 -

51,482 IO ---

79,583 6 8

| 4*>2S° -

130,062 TO —

232,747 IO —

271*175 -

227,050-----

144,896 3 6

143,708 3 —

104,000 — —

30.000 — —

25.000 —- —

Annuities on Lives or

Terms of-Years,

C «. d.

15,900 —i —

10.500 — —

22.500 — —

10,296 10 — 18,058 13 8

23,437 10 —

5,281 5 —

5*326 7 9

6,951 7 9

18,125

1>551»°77 11 2 136,376 14 2

ANNUAL CHARGE for Redemption of National Debt.

Charge

of

Management.

£. $. d.

715 18 6

346 2 6 653 18 —

311 — 41

1,340 9 10I 1,862 18 5

1,421 17 10 1,469 2 xo 2,093 14 9 1,209 4 9 1,638 4 2

2,326 3 3

16,39* *5 3

Pursuant to Act of 37 Geo. III. for Redemption of Debt then eaifting.

s. d.

2,250 — —

67,635 8 4

By h&% providing £. 1 per-Cent. for Redemption of Debts citated Cnee 1797.

£ r. d.

38,714 11 8 64,466 3 4

76,875-----

59.016 13 4 47.59* 19 2 46,294 4 — 35,346 9 11

5,000 — —

69,885 8 4 373*312- 1 5

TOTAL

of

Annnal Expence.

£. r. d

49,6x5 18 6

*,250-----

39,138 8 — 6,984 —

17,51:0-----

62 125 2 6 98,295 18 4

72,008 xo 4J

243,034 4 iof 304402 19 6

350471 17 10 287,535 16 2 194,588 17 5 190,711 n 9 147*936 1 10

30,000 — —

48,125-----

2,326 3 3

2,147,05° 10 4

Life Annuities. Expired Annuities.

# Management on so much of the Debt, payable in Dublin, as has been converted into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland; The remainder is not chargeable with Management.

G. Cavendish.

VOL. 59.

7*

9* Mail.

Appendix, (No. 47.) 9* Maiit

coHtiau \-----

*7* Ma

614

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Av ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Ireland, and Demands Outstanding, on the 5th January 1804; under the Heads of,—Loan Debentures, Excltequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, and Loan from Great Britain for paying the Prizes of the Iiidr Lotteries of 1801 ;—didinguidiing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debtor Demand confided, and also what Part of the said Debtor Demand was then Provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for.

LOAN DEBENTURES:

Residue of Debentures bearing £. 4 per-Cent. Intered to the Year 1788, provided for by 27 and 28 Geo. III. but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz,

Old Loan ——

liOan by Lottery 1780 -

Loan by Lottery 1781

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

Outdanding Exchequer Bills, provided for by several Acts of Parliament, but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Payable 24 June - 1783 - - - - -.

24 June - 1790 -

24 June - 1791 -

24 June - 1795 - -

25 December 1798 -

24 June - 1801 -

25 March - 1802 -

24 June - 1802 ——

25 March - 1803 -

EXCHEQUER BI L L S, not in Course of Payment till after 5 January 1804:

38 Geo. HI. 40 Geo. III. 40 Geo. HI. 40 Geo. HI. 40 Geo. HI. 43 Geo. HI.

Payable 25 March 1806 Payable 24 June 1804 Payable 24 July 1804 Payable 24 June 1804 Payable 24 June 1804 Payable 31 July 1804

(b)

<c)

(c)

9. d.

l. d.

*75-----

M50-----

750 -

8 6 8

50-----

too-----

300 —-----

400-----

150-----

100-----

150-----

12,750-----

30,000

600.000

100.000

300.000

200.000

500.000

LOTTERY PRIZES:

Outstanding Lottery Prizes of the several Lotteries, from the Year 1782 to the Year 1801 -

Loan from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801 - -

(*) 14,008 6 8

1,730,000-----

O

Total - - I

(*) Provision has been made for these Sums by several Acts of Parliament.

(b) To be provided for by the Grand Canal Company, to whom they were ifiTutd.

(*) Have been for some Years pad replaced from Y’ear to Year by other Exchequer Bills to a similar Amount. The remaining Sums to be provided for.

#. d.

O 2,275

i»744»<x>8 6 t

28,676-----

899,000-----

2,073,959 6

Treasury, Dublin Caltle, 7 3d May 1804. 3

G. Cavmdijk.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1803, for Ireland, have been Disposed of;—

distinguished under the several Heads; dated in Irish Currency.

SERVICE.

Forces:

Army, with Garrisons and their Incidents (£-877,434. 16. Britidi) also an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men for Small Beer, and while on a March (£.45,645. 1. 3. Britidi) - -

Recruiting and Contingencies, for the Lund Forces (£-93,341. 7- Britidi) General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the llospitals (£. 29,405. o. 5.

Britidi) - - - . -

Muder Mader General, and other Principal Officers of several Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences (£. 6,793. 8. 6. Britidi) -

Half Pay Officers, and Reduced Chaplains (£.61,152. 10. 11. Britidi) Widows of Officers (£.6,000. British) -

Volunteer Corps, Cavalry and Infantry (£. 159,169. 4. 8. Britidi)

Barrack Department (£. 274,680. 15. 7. Britidi) -

Hospital Contingencies and Royal Military Infirmary (£.18,461. 10. 10.

Britidi) ——

Royal Hospital, Kilmainham (£. 45,326. 15. 9. Britidi) -

Embodied Militia (£.480,497. 1. 11. Britidi) and Contingencies (£.8,345.12. 7.

Britidi) ——

Extraordinaries for the Army (£. 600,000. Britidi) -Vote of Credit (£. 500,000. Britidi) -

Office of Ordnance (£. 205,908.4. Britidi) - - »■ - -

PUBLIC OFFICERS for several SERVICES:

Accountant General - -

Deputy Accountant General -

Paymader of Corn Bounties -

Examinator of Corn Bounties - -

Insperior General of Imports and Exports -

First Clerk to Ditto ——

Ex. minator of Excise -

AtliUiuit Examinator of Excise ——

Clerk in the Office of tliu Auditor of ths Exchequer -

Carried forward, - £.

Sums Granted. Sums Paid. Remains.

£■ 9. d. £■ 9. d. £■ 9. d.

i ,000,003 3 8 933,280 7 9i 66,722 15 ioi

101,119 15 11 16,959 19 10 j 00 16 -i

3*1855 8 9 31,843 19 — 11 9 9

7.359 10 10 6,866 11 6 492 19 4

66,248 11 9 34,545 12 7i 31,702 19

6,500 — — 6,015 8 8 484 11 4

172,433 6 8 172,433 6 8

297>57° 16 10 297,564 6 9f 6 10 -i

20,000 —r — 19,954 11 ni 45 8

49,i4 — 4i 42,189 19 3i 6,914 1 1

529,579 12 4? 494,351 6 3i 35,228 6 i

650,000 — — 650,000 — —

54L666 13 4 290,807 10 11 250,859 2 5

223,067 4 4i 223,067 4 4 i

3,696,508 4 10J 3,219,880 5 9 476,627 19 *i

340 — — 340 — —

240 — — 240 — —

800 — — 800 — —

200 — — 200 — —

250 — — 850 — •—

200 — — 200 —' ' —

200 — — 200 — —

150 — — 150 — —

200 — — 200 — —

3,699.088 4 10A 3,222,460 5 9 476,62719

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

615

Account shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1803, for Ireland, have been Disposed of—continued.

S E R V I C E—continued.

Brought forward - -

MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES:

Civil Buildings ——

Printing and Binding 250 Copies of the Acts of 43d of Geo. III. -Printing Proclamations, &c. in Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers Printing and Stationary for several Public Offices in Dublin Castle Treasury Incidents -

Apprehending Public Offenders -

Criminal Proliecutions and other Law Proceedings -

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin -

Working His Majesty’s Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow -Printing 1,500 Copies of an Index to the Acts of the 39th and 40th Geo. III. Building Law Offices ——

Civil Contingencies - -

PUBLIC BOARDS:

Board of First Fruits for building New and repairing Old Churches Linen and Hempen Manufacture - -

Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in Dublin The Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin -*nie Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts More, towards completing additional Buildings at their Repository and Botanic Garden ——

Farming Society ——

PUBLIC HOSPITALS and SCHOOLS: Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools -

Secretary to Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests Penitentiary for young Criminals, in Dublin -

Foundling Hospital, in Dublin -

)lil>emian Marine Society -

Hibernian Military School -

Westmorland Ix)ck Hospital, Dublin -

Fever Hospital, Dublin -

House of Industry, Dublin -

Roman Catholic Seminary, at Maynooth ——

Society for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion - -

Female Orphan House, near Dublin -

Lying-in Hospital, Dublin -

Exchequer Bills

Treasury, Ireland, 7 9th February 1804. J

Sums Granted. Sums Paid. Remains.

£. s. d. £■ *• d. £. s. J.

3,699,088 4 101 3,222,460 5 9 476,627 19

25,000 25,000

900 900

7,026 9 10 J 7,026 9 io£

20,410 20,410

2,000 2,000

2;5°0 2,500

20,000 —, — 20,000

1,047 10 2 1,047 10 2

1,784 6 6 1,784 6 6

312 10 — - - - 312 16

4,000 4,000 — —

54,166 13 4 47*788 7 6 6,378 5 19

5,000 5,000

21,600 21,600

4,500 — — 4,5oo

10,000 10,000 — —

5,500 5,5oo

4,500 4,500

2,000 2,000

21,062 16 2 21,062 16 2

400 400

2,200 2,200

17*50° 17*500

*°43 *4 9 VH3 H 9

4*500 4*5oo

6,395 6,395

5*5 9 3 515 9 3

*8,765 5 * 18,765 5 1

8,000 — — 8,000

1,000 1,000 —* —

978 12 — 978 12 —

2,700 2,700

3.977.39612 — 3.494.077 »7 -i 483,318 14 11$

386,250 — 373.500 — *2,750 — —

4,363,64612 — 3,867,57717 — j 496,068 I4 11J

G Cavendish.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. a,000,000; for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; as per Account of Particulars prefen ted herewith - (A.) - £. To Joseph Alcock, Esq. towards enabling him to defray sundry Sums awarded by the Commissioners under the 7th Article of the Treaty with America; to be paid by the Britishi Government -

To Francis Moore, Esq. for Salaries and Expences attending the said Commission -

To George Baron de Silverbjelm, on Account of Swedish Ships and Cargoes detained and sold at the End of the last War - -

To Peter Van Lelyveld, Esq. for Allowances to Dutch Naval Officers, late in His Majesty's Service, from 15 May 1802 to 3ill December 1803 ——

The remaining Sum was for the Service of Ireland

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 26 March 1804. J

1,400,000 -

*o»47° 15 2 6,022 7 6

7°*393 8 10 3*3 8 6

1,500,000-----

500,000-----

2,000,000-----

N. Vanfitlart.

(A.)—An ACCOU NT of the Distribution of the Sum oi£. 1,400,000, being Part of the Sum of £. 1,500,000, granted to His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain; to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

To Bills of Exchange, dated from ill July 1802 to 3d September 1803, drawn by John Glasfurd, acting Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward Islands, for Provisions, Stores, and other Extraordinary Expences of the Forces there -

To the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for Arms and other Articles delivered from the Ordnance Stores, for the Service of the Queen of Portugal - . - -

To Andre de Gyldenpalm, Charge d’Affaires from the Court of Denmark, to be paid to sundry Persons, Subjects of his Danish Majesty, for Expences dilburi'ed by them for claiming Vessels, afterwards liberated, and for the Maintenance of their Crews ——

To Sir Brook Watson, Bart. Commissary General of Stores and Provisions, to enable him to provide the several Articles for the Use of the Forces that are to be supplied from his Department -

To sundry Persons for Shirts, Knapsacks, Cloathing, &c. furnished for the Royal Army of Reserve -

To Lieut. General De Lancey, for providing Temporary Barrack Accommodation and Hospitals for the Use of the Forces

£ 1. d*

425,233 *9 3

31,648 4 1

11,541 7 —

350,000

45,576 9 8

536,000 — .—

Pay-Office, Iforfe-Guards 24th March 1804.

1,400,000-----

D1 'Thomas.

Appendix, (No. 27.) 47* MariU)

continued.

*__________*--*

Appendix,

(No. 28.)

26° Martii. -----/

616

Appendix.'

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 29 )

28° Martii.

t -

Ax ACCOUNT of EXTRAORDINARY EXPENCE S of the A R M Y, Incurred and Paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of 11 is Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1802 to the 24th of December 1803; both inclusive.

Dates of Payments.

1803. February 7 th. April 20th. May 2ill. September 2id. July 16th.

September 15th.

To Mrs. Pickdone (late Budd) for Provifmns laid up in Store in the Blands of Jersey and Alderney -To D for 1)° in Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney -

To 1)° for D° in Guernsey ——

To the Representatives of Mrs. Pickftone, for D° in Jersey, Guernsey, and Aldernpy -

To G. Du ley. Elf], for Provisions supplied by his late Father, Captain Benjamin Dulcv, to the late Captain William Lacey, for the use of the Garrison at Goree -

To Mr. Isaac Davis, for Supplies furnished by him to the Troops in Flanders in 1795 -

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 27th May to 30th September 1803, drawn by Edward Stanley, Consul at Trieste, for Relief of the Emigrants - - - jC*!33 * —

To I)°, dated 2d October 1802, drawn by Joseph Robloy, President at Tobago, for Salary of the Secretary, and for Stationary -

To D°, dated from 26th October to 17th December 1S02, drawn by William Eppes,

Cornmillary at Newfoundland, for Provisions and Stores furnished the Garrison To D°, dated from 3d December 1S02 to 17th October 1803, drawn by 'ihomas Durell, Deputy Cornmillary on the Continent lor Continental Claims, for Stores supplied the Army in Flanders, and Pay of Dutch Officers -To L>°, dated from lft May 1802 to lft November 1803., drawn by Lieut. General A. Gordon, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, for Subsistence of the Jersey Troop, Ordnance Works, and Hire of Vessels, &c. -

To D°, dated from lft December 1802 to ill November 1803, drawn by the Prince of Bouillon, Commandant at Jersey, for Relief of the Emigrants -To D°, dated from 7th July to 10th October 1801, drawn by George Burgman, Deputy Cornmillary General in the Mediterranean, for Expences of the Army in Egypt To a Bill, dated 27th September 1801, drawn by Robert Hugh Kennedy, Acting Commillary General in Egypt -

To Bills of Exchange, dated I2t% July 1803, drawn by Lieut. Colonel James Faby,

Lieut. Governor of Alderney, for Public Services To l)°, dated 28th August 1802, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieut, Governor of New Brunswick, for the New Brunswick Regiment -

To D#, dated 14th September 1802, drawn by William Keppel, Governor of Martinique, for the Chaplain and Secretary's Salary -

To D°, dated 22d September 1802, drawn by Alexander Green, Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for the Service of Prince Edward’s Eencibles -

To a Bill, dated 6th January 1803, drawn by Lieut. Colonel Charles Stevenson, C0111-1 mandant at Guernsey, for Public Services and Contingencies -To Bills of Exchange, dated from 4th March to 15th November 1803, drawn by Major General J. Doyle, Commandant at Guernsey, for D°

To a Bill, dated 11th April 1801, drawn by Alexr Fernandez, Assistance Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for Expences of the Army in Egypt -To Bills of Exchange, dated from 24th September 1802 to 19th August 1803, drawn by J. Halkett, Governor of the Bahamas, for Provisions and Hire of Armed Vessels, and the Service of the Ordnance, ike. -To D#, dated from 29th June 1802 to the 24th March 1803, drawn by George Beckwith, Governor of Bermuda, for the Military Expenditure of that Colony -To D°, dated 4th June 1803, drawn by the lion. \Vm Wyndlmm, Envoy at Florence, for the Service of Emigrants -

To D°, dated 3d June 1802, drawn by the Hon. Andw Cochrane Johnstone, Governor of Dominica, for the Relief of the French Admiral La Crolle To 1)°, dated from 3d February 1802 to 18th June 1802, drawn by Ilaviland Le Me-lurier, Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for the Service of the Army there To D°, dated from 20th October to 30th November 1802, drawn by Edward Coibet,

Agent for the Affairs of St. Domingo, for the Pay of himself and the Persons employed in his Department ——

To I)0, dated 10th December 1800, drawn by Henry Motz, Commissary General in the Mediterranean, on Account of the Army in Egypt -

To D°, dat<‘d from 24th March to 24th June 1803, drawn by Brigadier General George Prevolt, Lieut. Governor of St. Lucia, for Contingencies -To I)°, dated from 28th September 1802 to 24th June 1803, drawn by Samuel Dent,

Governor of Grenada, for Contingencies ——

To a Bill, dated 28th December 1802, drawn by William Drummond, Envoy at Naples, for the Service of Emigrants ——

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 20th October 1802 to 27th August 1803, drawn by Alexander Sloane, Consul at Rome, for D° - -

To I)0, dated from 15th February 1802 to 2d July 1803, drawn by Major General John Deipard, President of Cape Breton, for the Hire of a Veil'd, the Secretary's Salary, and Stationary ——

To D°, dated from 14th October 1802 to 20th July 1803, drawn by Major General George Nugent, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for the Allowance of Barracks,

Staff, and other Military Expences - - - - - - - '-

To D°, dated from 14th November 1802 to 14th June 1803, drawn by Lord Lavington Lieut. Governor of the leeward Blands, for the llireof a Sc homier, Secretary's Salary, and Stationary ——

To 1)°, dated from 17th August 1802 to 30th September 1803, drawn determined by Sir John Wentworth, Bart. Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for the Nova Scotia Regiment -To D°, dated from 8th June 1803 to 17th September following, drawn by Admiral J. Gambler, Commander in Chief at Newfoundland, for Public Services -To D°, dated from 26th February to 23th May 1803, drawn by the Honourable Arthur Paget, Envoy at Vienna, for the Relief of the Corsican Emigrants residing in the Aullrian Dominions - -

To 1)°, dated from lft December 1802 to 31ft March 1803, drawn by Joseph Pamlotfi,

Vice Consul at Trieste, for the Service of Emigrants -

To D°,dated from ill February to 31ft May 1802, drawn by the Hon. Frederick North,

Governor of Ceylon, for Public Services - - - * -

To D°, dated 15th September 1802, drawn by his Royal Highness Edward Duke of Kent, Governor of Gibraltar, for Repairs to Barracks, &c. -

To D , dated from 2-id October 1802 to 20th July 1803, drawn by Lord Seaforth,

Governor of Barbadoes, for the Secretary’s Salary, Stationary, and Expences attending the Prosecution of the Pirates of the Ship Friendthip -

Carried forward -

5- 13 8

661 ] 13 3

29,041 9 4

8,689 5 1

5*5°°

5*960

154 2 6

118 17 6

361

51

3°°

2S1 5 2

6,404 12 5

500 — —

17*334 2 4

3>77* 8 11

2,600 — —

1,500 — —

80,310 — —

840 — —

20,000 — —

544 10 5

973 5 10

2,000 — —

1,024 H 5

711 5 —

95,005 9 4

851 — I

1,0U6 7 0

99° i 7

463 5 4

15 —

40,636 — —

1,500 — —

1,500 2 5

- -

£■ *• d.

1,622 14 4 L353 13 5 1*34* *7 * L33* 4 5

1,127

937

6

In

ri6 — Q

<44 Geo. III. Appendix. 617

Dates of Payments.

1803: September 15th.

1803.

May 28th.

17th.

1802. December 30th.

1803. January 6th.

22d.

28th.

29th.

February 2d. 3d-4th. 5th. 26th.

March 4th. 18th.

v

24th.

28th.

Brought forward - -

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 19th October 1802 to 19th July 1803, drawn by , W. \Y. Bentinck, Governor of St. Vincent, for the Secretary’9 Salary, Stationary, and

Hire of a Vessel - -- -- -- - £. 242 3 3

To D*, dated from 13th November 1802 to 31ft October 1803, drawn by Lord Rob*

Stephen Fitzgerald, Minister at Lifbou, for the Service of Emigrants -' *>738 7 H)

To D°, dated trom 23d December 1802 to 9th September 1803, drawn by Sir Alexr John Ball, Bart. Governor of Malta, for the purchase of Corn for the use of that

Bland ----- ...... 31,017 16 1

To D°, dated from 14th March to 2d July 1803, drawn by John Leach Pantcr, Secretary

to the West India ConnnilTion of Enquiry for the Expences of the Commission - 5,630 — —

To a Bill, dated 3d May 1803, drawn by William A'Court, fcnvoy at Naples, for the

Service of French and Corsican Emigrants ----- 2,000-----

To Bills of D°, dated from 6th June to 5th September 1803, drawn by Henry Tucker,

President of Bermuda, for the Military Expenditure of that Colony - - - 2,210-----

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 2d November 1796, drawn by Valentine Jones, Commissary General at the Windward and Leeward Blands, for the Extraordinary Expences of the

Troops - - -- - - - 500-----

To a D°, dated 29th August 1803, drawn by Sir Thomas Trigge, K. B. Lieut. Governor

of Gibraltar, for Public Services - - - - 600-----

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 2otb April to 30th July 1803, drawn by Colonel Thomas Barrow, Superintendant at Honduras, for the Salary of himself, Secretary, and Contingencies ----- 410 13 5

To D°, dated 13th March 1803, drawn by Colonel Charles Craufurd, on Account of the

Conde Army, &c. - -- -- -- 2,529 16 —

To D°, dated 20th October 1803, drawn by Colonel Robert Craufurd . - 1,095 16 10

To a Bill, dated 5th September 1803, drawn by Hugh Elliot, Minister at Naples, for the

Service of French and Corsican Emigrants ----- 2,000-----

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 31ft December 1800 to 30th June 1802, drawn by John Glaslurd, Acting Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward Blands, for Provisions, Stores, and other Extraordinary Expences of the Forces there - 126,723 7 9

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 30th June 1802 to 31ft March 1803, drawn by His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry special Contingent Services of th at Garrison - -- -- 17,468 9 1

To L)°, dated 30th June 1803, drawn by Sir Thomas Trigge, Lieut. Governor of Ditto,

for Ditto Services - -- -- -- - 5,468 4 2

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 7th April 1802 to lft February 1803, drawn by the Deputy Pay-niafter at the Cape of Good Hope, for the Contingent and Extraordinary Expences of the Forces in that Colony

To D°, dated from 26th April to 24th May 1803, drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the Province of New Brunswick, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Forces in that Province

To Cash paid by the Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province for three Quarters, to 24th June 1803 -

To Cash paid by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province for one Year, to 24th September 1803 -

To Messrs. Harman and Co. to be remitted to Russia in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Sums due under the several Treaties entered into with his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Russia - - £. 63,000-----

DeduCl Cash received of Messrs. S. Thornton and C°, on account of the Representatives of Cornwall Smalley, Elq. being Balance of Account of Ruffian and Aultrian Subsidy 11,940 17 3

To G. Rest, Esq. in reimbursement of Sums advanced by the Hanoverian Government iu 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801, for Pensions to Invalids of the Electoral Troops, late in th6 Pay of Great Britain - - -- 30,288 — —

To D#, for Rations and Portions for the Augmentation to the Hanoverian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from the xft February 1794 to the day of their March from Hanover - - 3,736 13 6

To sundry Officers for the value of their Horses delivered over to Government at Lisbon,

upon their Embarkation for Egypt in 1800 - -• - £. 358 1 —

To Lieut. Colonel Whetham, as an Indemnification for the Charges he incurred, and Losses sustained, in making Preparations to enable him to take possession of the

Government of the Bland of Cura^oa - -- - 3,000-----

To sundry Officers sent on a special Million to the Dominions of the Grand Signior, for their Travelling Expences from thence to England -

To Ensign G. Wilkinlbn, of the 35th Foot, for the Cure of a Wound received in Action in Holland ——

To G. Knox, Esq. Executor of Major General Knox, for the Expences incurred by him for his Outfit on his Appointment as Lieut. Governor of Jamaica 4 -To Lieut. Colonel F. A. Wetherall, for the Expence attending tire Cure of his Wounds, and for his Railage from the West Indies ——

To Captain John Mailler, of the 2d Battalion of the 20th ft>ot, for the Expen cos attending the Cure of a Wound received in Holland ——

To General O'Hara, for the Extraordinary Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from ifl July to 31ft December 1801 -

To the Representatives of Sir Archibald Campbell, for the Balance of his Account as Lieut. Governor and Commander in Chief of Jamaica -

To Lord Minto, to reinaburfe the like Sum paid by him to Corsican Emigrants, between 27th December 1800, and 22d October iSai -

To Mr. J. T. Evans, for Expences in landing and storing Provisions from Transports in Minorca, &c. ——

To Lieut. Colonel J. A Schalch, of the Royal Artillery, for undrawn Rations while serving at Goree ——

To Wm liufkiflbn, Esq. for certain Supplies of Clothing, and other Requisites, for the Native Troops in Ceylon, and sundry Articles for the Public Service, and for Advances to Officers going out -

Carried forward

960 6 —

»3 9 —

1,000 — —

66 3 —

«7 3 —

27 9 8

46 4 —

971 1 —

29 3 —

206 16 —

3,130 17 XI

m m i

Vol. 5*.

7s

7.716

d.

6

.Appendix, (No. 29.) a8# Ma,

continued.

508,666 — }

22,936 13 3

62,544 7 10

2,000-----

52,895 15 38,556 16 5

51,059 * 9

34,024 13 6

780,399 9

t

t

V

618

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix)

(No. *9.)

28° Ma,

continued.

Dates of Payments.

1803: March 30th.

April lft. 4 th. 6th.

25th. May 4th.

5th.

13th.

June 2d.

6th.

8th.

14th

23d,

25th

July gth 26th

.August 19 th. 26 th.

September 9th.

15th. 24th. 26th. October 10th. November lft.

7th.

December 3d.

5th. 12 th.

22d.

January 4th.

5th.

8th.

22d.

25th.

Brought forward

To \Vm Chinnery, F.fq. for the Amount of Iniercft allowed on the Balance of Account of Lieut. Colonel H. Rudyerd, as Commanding Engineer in Canada, aftd*for part of a Surcharge in his said Account -

To discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Agent for Packets at Barbadoes, upon the Postmaster General, for the Hire of a Brig employed by him on a special Service, by directions of the Secretary of State ——

To M. Setaro, Esq. late Portugueze Commifiary General, acting with the British Auxiliary Army in Portugal, as an Indemnification for the actual Loss sustained by him, in [applying the British Army in Portugal with Bread and Barley - -

To Mefirs. Ommaney and Druce, to be distributed among the Officers and Crews of the Squadron that captured the Ifiaml of Goree, being the Amount of Provisions, Stores, &c. captured in the said Island, and applied to the use of the Forces in the Garrison ——

To Comte de Damas, for Levy Money, Clothing, and other contingent Disbursements, on account of the Infantry of the late Corps de Damas, employed in the Conde Army ——

To Lieut. General Fox, for Equipage Money, on his Appointment as General and Commander of the Forces in the Mediterranean -

To Colonel W. Hutchinson of the 49th Foot, for the Expence attending the Cure of a Wound received in Holland - -

To Mr. Jof. Miller, for his detention on the Public Service during the time the Army was in Egypt ——

To Lieut. YV® Mackenzie, late of the 42d Foot, and Storekeeper in the Quarter Mafier Generals Department in the Mediterranean, for Expences in landing and embarking Stores, &c. ——

To F. N. Rossi, to enable him to proceed to Ceylon to join the Malay Corps To Wm Hufkiflfon, Esq. for Supplies of Clothing and other Requilites for the Native Troops in Ceylon, and sundry Articles for the Public Service, and for Advances to Officers going out ——

To Major W® Grey, of the 17th Foot, for the Cure of a Wound received in Action in

Holland ......

To Lieut. Col. Graham, of the 27th Foot, for Ditto -

To Mr. P. Ferick, for Rations due and undrawn by him, between May 1779 and December 1783, while serving as Surgeon at Goree -

To Mr. T. P. Courtenay, for Stationary delivered for the Public Service at Canada -To Mrs. T. Grant, Widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel J. Grant, of the 46th Foot, as a Remuneration for the Services rendered by her late Iiulband, as British Agent at St. Domingo -

To Major-General Wilford, for Sabres delivered into His Majesty’s Stores, and to a Provincial Corps in St Domingo, and replaced to the York HulTars -To P. F. Thorne, Esq. for the Balance of his Account as Major Commandant of the lllands of St. Pierre and Miquelon, between 19th November 1793 and 15th. September 1794 ——

To Lieut. Colonel Turner, for his Expences in removing certain Articles taken from the French at Alexandria -To C. Rooke, Esq. for bringing home Dispatches from Major General Stuart in Egypt To Captain John Laing Weir, for bringing Dispatches containing intelligence of the Capture of St. Lucia -

To Mr. W. Webb, for repairing a House in St. Lucia for the use of the Sick Prisoners of War ——

To the Representatives of Lieut. Colonel Irving, for a Surcharge in his Account as Deputy Quarter Master General at Quebec, from 1760 to 1765 -

To W® Merry, Esq. for His Majesty’s Proportion of 1,280^ Chaldrons of Coals delivered at Gibraltar for the use of the Garrison - , . ——

To Captain F. Miller, late Barrack Master at Grenada, for Disbursements incurred in the Barrack Mailer Generals Departments -

To General Wm Dalrymple, for the Balance of his Account as Quarter Master General in America, from 1 ft April 1780 to 30th June 1782 -

To Captain E. A. Draper, for bringing Dispatches containing intelligence of the Capture of Tobago ——

To Messrs. Ommaney and Druce, to be paid over to Sir C. Hamilton, late Commander of the Ship Melpomene, and to the Officers and Crew thereof, as an Allowance for the Petit Courier, French Schooner, and her Stores, captured by them at Goree in 1800, and fold for the use of the Garrison in that Island -To Mrs. Mary Watts, Widow of Capt. Watts, of the Ship Osprey, for a Boat delivered by her late Husband to Col. Frazer in 1800, for the use of the Garrison at Goree To Major General Wem/fs, for the Expences on the Passage of himself and Suite to the Island of Ceylon ——

To Sir James Craig, for Equipage Money, on proceeding to take the Command of the Cape of Good Hope - ,

To Colonel J. Abercromby, for bringing intelligence of the Surrender of Alexandria To W® "Walker, Esq. to pay a Bill remaining due on his contingent Account as Commiftary at the Island of St. Vincent -

To W® Merry, Esq. for His Majesty’s Proportion of 903 J Chaldrons of Coals, delivered at Gibraltar, for the use of the Garrison - - - - . ——

To D®, for additional Duties and Freight of 1,280^ Chaldrons of Coals delivered at Ditto - - - '

To D°, for additional Ditto of 903J Chaldrons of Ditto, delivered at Ditto

C346 5 4

1,000-----

9,618

5,933 15 —

3,010 16

1,000-----

22 1

105 6

65 11 —

155 6 —

2,921 13 11

88 18 9

59 18 —

383 17 —

557 " *

1,500 — —

316 —

8 7 11

300 — —

320 6 —

goo — —

355 6 —

203 6 —

1,984 M 4 9

720 16 8

1.383 15 3

595 8 1

20 15 —

605 6 —

500 — —

500 — —

255 6

1,400 8 6

956 8 3

720 13 '10

y , f

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals at Home, in the years

1800 and 1801- - - - £. 6,598 1

To Doctor J. Phelan, for 122 days Pay as Pbvftcian in Great Britain, to 24th December 1801 - - - - - - - 115 li

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers at Home’ for various periods - - 881 8

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter’s Subsidy, to 25th September 1802, for continuing.

his Corps in His Majesty’s Service - -- - - -- -- 750 — —

To Sir W® Fawcett, K. B. for 182 days additional Pay as late Adjutant General, to

24th June 1802 - -- -- -- - 689 12

To Job B. Clarke, for Pay as Assistant Commiflhxy at Cape Breton, from 26th August

1801 to 22d May 1802 - 160 10 —

To Mr. James Clarke, for 319 days Pay as Assistant CommilVary in North America, to

18th August 1802 ----- 239 5 —

Carried forward -

80,399 9 8

48,812 9 5

829,211 19 1

1

l

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

619

Dates of Payments.

1803: January 26th.

2Sth.

February *2(1.

3<*‘

4th.

5th.

7 th.

8 th.

9th. 17th. 28th. March ift.

2d.

4th.

7 th.

9th.

14th.

15th.

18th.

22d.

# April 22d.

26th.

27th.

29th.

_ May 4th.

7U1.

loth. 12 th. 14th. 17 th.

Brought forward

To sundry Persons sent on a special Service to Constantinoplc, for their Extraordinary Pay, from 28th November 1801 to 2 lit October 1802, the termination of the Service To-Captain Fletcher and Mr. II. Percy Wightman, who were on the above Service, for an additional Allowance -

To General David Dundas, for 125 days additional Pay as Quarter Matter General, to 28th April 1802 ——

To Ditto, for 57 days Ditto as Quarter Matter General, to 24th June 1802 To the Kepresentatives of the late John Ruth, Flip for 365 days additional Pay as Jnfpc&or of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th December 1801 -

To Colonel J. Burnet, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, for Pay of himself and the Rdldent Superintendants under his Command, from 25th June to 24th December

1801- - - - - ......

To sundry Persons for Half Pay, for various periods, for their late Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada ——

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, for several periods -To Lieutenant R. Griffith, for forwarding Deserters to and from Ireland, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801- -

To Thomas Le Breton, for 243 days Pay as Major of Brigade in Jersey, to 24th August 1799 - - - - '

To the Duke of Richmond, for the Pay of a Supernumerary Quarter Master of the Royal Regiment of llod’e Guards, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December

1801 -

To Mr. Robert Stewart, for 61 days Pay as Deputy Purveyor of Hospitals to the

Forces under Sir R. Abercromby, to 24th December 1800 -

To Captain S. Brown, for 152 days Pay as Affiltant Quarter Mailer in the Mediterranean, to 24th October 1861 - -

To F. llutchinlon, for 365 days Pay as Affiltant Commissary in America, to 29th October 180*2 ——

For the Pay of lundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Ilospital, in 1800 and 18m ——

For the Pay of sundry Ditto in 1800 and 1802 -

To sundry Persons for Half Pay, for various periods, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada .-To the Duke of York, for additional Pay of his Public Secretary, and for the Pay of a Private Secretary, fiom 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800 To Ditto, for Ditto, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801 -To Colonel T. Iliflop, for Pay as a Brigadier General, for the period of his holding the Command of the Forces at Demerara, from 24th April 1796 to 24th December 1801 To the Duke of York, for the Pay of certain Commissioned and Warrant Officers attached to the Coldtlream Regiment of Foot Guards in 1801 -

To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 149 days Pay as late Barrack Matter General of S* Vincent, to 17 th February 1803 ——

To Lieut. General Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1801 ——

To Alexander Howe, for 226 days Pay as Commissary in Prince Edwards Island, to 24th September 1802 - -<?-

To J. B. Butler, for 400 days Pay, as Deputy Commissary General in North America, to 18th May 1802 ——

For the Pay of certain S:aff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving at Home, for several periods, to 24th June 1802 -

For the Pay of several General and Staff Officers, for various periods -To Mr. C. Mason, for 947 days Pay as Commissary of Accounts to the Forces formerly employed on the Continent, to 5th February 1800 -

To Colonel H. Calvert, for 182 days additional , Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th June

1802 ——

To the Representatives of Sir C. Stuart, for 121 days personal Pay as Commander in

Chief in the Mediterranean, to 24th April ] 800 - - - r

To Colonel 11. Calvert, Adjutant General, for 365 days Pay of an Affiliant, to 24th December 1801- ——

To Colonel J. Stewart, for 117 days Pay as Brigadier General at Gibraltar, to 24th June 1800 ——

For the Pay of sundry Assistant Quarter Mailers General in the Mediterranean, in 1800 and 1801 - -

To the Duke of Glouc ester, for the Pay of certain Commissioned and Warrant Officers attached to the 1 It Regiment of F'oot Guards, but not borne on the Establishment, from 25th December 1800 to the 24th December 1801 For 77 days Allowance to Sir John Dick, late one of the Comptrollers of Accounts of the Army, to 24th December 1802 -' -

To F. llutchinlon, for additional Pay as Assistant Commissary of the Forces in North America, from 25th July 1801 to 29th October 1802 -J To T. Keatc, Esq. lor 365 days additional Pay as Surgeon General, to 24th DecT 1802 To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter’s Subsidy, to 25th December 1802, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty’s Service - - - - , -

To Colonel J. L. Gower, for 547 days Pay as Aid-de-Cump to‘His Majesty, to 24th June 1802 ——

To Major Hudfnn Lowe, for Pay and Allowances as Commandant of the late Corsican Rangers, from 5II1 July 1800 to 24th December 1802, and to Affiltant Surgeon S. W. Robins, of the fame Corps - - -• -

To Daniel Fralcr, late Captain in the Queen’s American Rangers, for One Year’s Allowance, to 31b December 1801, for his long Services -To Ditto, for One Year’s Ditto, to 31ft December 1S02, for his Ditto -To Lieut. Colonel Paterson, for his extra Allowance as Assistant Quarter Master General’ from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 ——

To Major General John Stewart, for Pay on the Staff at Gibraltar, for 352 days, so nth December 1801 ——

To the late Mr. Hutlfon Lowe, for 24 days Pay, as Assistant Inspector of Hospitals at Gibraltar, to 10th October 1801 -

For the Pay of lundry General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, for fevc-ral periods, to 24th December 1802 - . - -

For the Pay of sundry Ditto, in several years - -

For die Pay of sundry Assistant Surgeons of the id and 2d Regiments of Foot Guards, when employed on Foreign Service in 1709 ——

To the Duke of York, for additional Pay of the Assistant Surgeons of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, while employed ou Foreign Service ’ ——

~ Carried forward -

- -

2,003 18 —

474 11 -

473 '2 7

3-3 19 3

518 12 6

390 — 9

1.31 19 6

401 12 6

53 3 ■

,115 1 10

00 10

28 17 9

71 19 io,

• 182 10

97°. 18 4

793 1

476 1 6

1,210 2 6

1,210 2 6

2,941 4 10

70212 6,

45 9 —

250 — —

169 20 —

200 — —

3,58313 8’

277 6 —

i,794 * 2

43i —

M46 3 8

172 17 6

i66 4,10,

219 ,5 8

8.74 9 7-

2}0 .19 3

120 10

518 12 6

1 O w 1

283 1$ A

876 3 3

40 ~;

.40 r-

86 8 9

826 .19 2

£■ «. d.

829,211 19 1

22 14. 2

.3,617 6 . S

639 12 ‘ 8*

7 83 17 . 6

ill 2 G

* * I

t

820,211 19 J

Appendix* (No. 29.) 2.S0 Mar -

continued.

620

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 29.) 28* Ma,

continued.

Dates of Payments.

1803: May 17th.

25th.

26th.

28th. June 2d. 6 th. 9th.

17 th.

18th.

22d.

24th

July 25th.

July 28th.

Augud 3d.

8th.

17 th.

22d.

25th.

30th.

September 2d. 10th.

15th.

2 2d.

26 th

27th,

' 28th.

October 26th,

November id . 4th. 7th.

10th, December 2d.

3d.

6th.

7ih.

«th.

Brought forward

To Sir Wm Fawcett, for his Pay and additional Pay, as late Adjutant General, for 183 days, to 24th December 1802 ——

To Capt. It. Plampin, for 59 days Pay os Chief Aid-dc-Camp to Admiral Goodall, when Governor of Toulon, to 30th October 1793 To Lieutenant Colonel Frai'er, to complete his Pay as Commandant of the Island of Goree, from 28th Augud 1800 to 15th October 1802 -

To It. White, for half a year's Allowance as late Agent for the Honduras District, to id April 1803 - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Lofack,' for 182 days Pay, as Brigade Major General at Home,

to 24th June 1798 - -

To the Representatives of John Carmody for his Pay for one year and 291 days, as Deputy Commissary General to the Forces in the West Indies, to 1 ith October 1800 To Mr. A Itobertfon, for 91 days Pay as Deputy Inspector of Hospitals at Jamaica, to 24th Augud 1803 ——

For the Pay of several Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for sundry periods in 1800 and 1802 ——

To Peter Marignac, for Pay as Apothecary to the Forces in Portugal, for 30 days in 1797, and for 122 days in 1802 ——

To F. Knight, Esq. for 363 days additional Pay, as Inspector of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th December 1802 ——

To General D. Dundas, for 365 days Pay of his two Affidants, as Quarter Mader General, to 24th December 1802 -

To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 days additional Pay, as Physician General, to 24th December

1802 ——

To Doctor J. Franck, for 120 days Pay* as Inspector of Hospitals in Egypt, to 24th

June 1802 ——

To Mr. A. M/ Brown, for 149 days Pny, as late Barrack Mader General of St. Vincent, to 16 th July 1803 -

For Pay of Supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the 3d Foot Guards, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -

To Mr. G. P.Toofy, fipr 122 days Pay, as Apothecary to the Forces, to 24th October

1803 - ...... * ...... -

To Sir J. Fitzpatrick, for 183 days ditto, as Inspector of Health in Great Britain, to

24th December 1802 ——

To William Hufkiffon, Esq. to be advanced to sundry Officers of the Malay Regiments at Ceylon, for six months Pay, to enable them to join their Regiments -To M. Petrie, Esq. for 304 days additional Pay, as Commissary of Accounts to the Army of Portugal and Corsica, to 24th June 1803 -

To Colonel C. W. Ede, for 310 days additional Pay, as Secretary to the late Sir J. Vaughan and Major General Irving, in the West Indies, to 18th March 1796 - -To Sir D. Dundas, for 183 days additional Pay, as Quarter Mader General, to 24th December 1802 ——

To Mr. W. R. Morel, for 120 days Pay, as Surgeon, to 24th June 1802 To Doctor E. Somers, for 92 days Pay, as Physician to the Forces, at the Cape of Good Hope, to 12th July 1803 - -

To Mr. M. Petrie, for 304 days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts to the For.ces in Portugal, to 24th June 1803 - , -

To Sir Charles Holloway, who was employed on a special Million in Egypt, for half a year's Allowance for his Services, to 5th July 1803 -

To Messrs. Sewell and Chandler, Executors of the late N. Whitworth, for Half Pay and Full Pay, as Affidant and Deputy Commissary in the Mediterranean, &c. for various periods ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Moore, for half a ycaFar Allowance to 24th September 1802, for his long Services ——

To Ditto, for half a year’s ditto to 24th March 1803, for ditto ——

To Turner Roope, for 340 days Pay, as Affidant Commissary in the Leeward Islands, to 31ft Augud 1803 -

To Lieutenant Colonel M. Van Coehom, for 426 days Pay, as Commandant of the Royal Dutch Battalion in His Majesty's Service at Surinam, to 24th December 1802 To J. B. Clarke, for Pay as Affidant Commissary at Cape Breton, from 23d May 1802 to id April 1803 ——

To Mr. Richard Lewis, for 137 days Pay, as Apothecary to the Forces at Gibraltar,

to 24th January 1804 ——

To Count de Meuron, for half a year’s Subsidy, to 25th June 1803, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service -

To E. Home, Esq. for 365 days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1802 To Mr. William Cathcart, for 396 days Pay as Deputy Purveyor, to 24th January 1804 To Sir William Fawcett, for 182 days Pay, and Additional Pay as late Adjutant General, to 24th June 1803 -

To Mr. Alexander Jaffray, for two years and 190 days Pay, as Deputy Commissary General in the West Indies, to 25th June 1799 - -

To Mr. John Ramsay, for the difference between the Pay of a Regimental Surgeon and a Staff Surgeon, from 6th November 1793 to 8th April 1794 -

For the Pay of sundry Officers of the Garrison of Minorca, for various periods in 1801 and 1802 ——

For the Pay of sundry Affidant Quarter Mader Generals- for 92 days, to 24th June

1803 - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Burnett, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, for Pay of himself and the Resident Superintendants under his Command, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 -

To Ditto for Ditto, from 25th June to 24th December 1802 - For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers serving at Gibraltar, for various periods To Mr. C. Lind, for 377 days, as Affidant Insperior of Hospitals, to 25th May 1803 -Tb the Duke of Richmond, for the Pay of a Supernumerary Quarter Mader of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 To T. Young, for 182 days Pay as Inspector of Hospitals, to ‘24th June 1803 To sundry Persons, for 92 days Pay as Medical Officers, to 24th September 1802 To T. Ross, for 62 days Pay as Apothecary in the Mediterranean, to Ditto To sundry Persons, for their Pay as Officers of the Hospitals. for various periods - For the Pay of sundry Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital in America, from 25th June to 24th December 1802 ——

To George Brinlcy, for 403 days additional Pay as Commissary General in America, to 2ld July 1803 - - - - / - -

To Dodior McNeill, for Pay as Officer of Hospitals, for fiThdry periods -

Carried forward -

£.866 14 10 29 lo — 872-----

75-----

1*29 6 — 328 — — 129 5 21 87 2 8 71 19 10 515 15 7 172 17 6 518 12 6

227 6 10

45 9

780 —

57 15 8

346 >3 11

2,000 — —

608 — —

77 10 —■

1,040 1 10

56 16 8

87 2 11

575 18 8

215 12 —

220 10 —

75 — —

75 — —

85 — —

339 — 6

235 10 —

6417 9

1,500 — —

17a 17 6

is? 11 1

86a — 1

46* — —

43 15 3'

73® 5 10

87 2 10

387 18

390 9

1,246 11 10

357 2 4

73 5 6

5i7 4

88 1 10

29 7 3

450 8

909 7 2

604 10 •

46 8 3

A. 1804.

£■ «• <<• 829,211 19 1

820,211 19 1

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

621

Dates of Pav meats.

1803: December 9th.

loth.

lath.

14th.

16th.

2ill.

January 13 th. 14th.

March 29th April 4th.

May 18th.

August ed.

December 21ft.

1802: December 29th. 1803: January 22d.

26 th.

27th. February lft.

3d- th.

Brought forward

To Sir D. Dundas, for 108 days additional Pay as Quarter Master Gen1 to 1 ith April 1803 To Ditto, for 90 days Pay of his two Assistants, to 24th March 1803 To J. B. Butler, for 220 days additional Pay as Deputy Commiftary General in North America, to 24th December 1802 -

To Colonel J. Burnet, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, for Pay of himself and the resident Superintendants, from 25th December 1802 to 24th June 1803 For the Pay of sundry Hospital Officers abroad, for various periods - For Ditto of sundry Staff Officers, for various periods -

For the Pay of sundry General Officers in Great Britain, for several periods To the Duke of York, for the additional Pay of his Public Secretary, and for the Pay of his Private Secretary, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 -To Col. II. Calvert, for 1S3 days additional Pay, as Adjf Gen1 to 24th December 1802 To Ditto, for 182 days Ditto, as Ditto, to 24th June 1803 -

To Ditto, for 365 days Pay of an Assistant, to 24th December 1802 -To H. Hulton, for 183 days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th Dec. 1802 To Colonel Hiftop, to complete his Pay for 365 days, to 24th December 1802, as a Brigadier General ——

To Major R. Hope, who was employed on a Military Million in Egypt, for half a year's Allowance, to 5th July 1803 - -

To F. Knight, Esq. for 182 days additional Pay, as Inspector of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th June 1803 ——

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, for various periods - - -

To Lieutenant Griffith, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters to and from Ireland, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 -To Mr. It. White, for half a year's Allowance for his Services, as late Agent for the Honduras District, to iff October 1803 ——

To Mr. A Baillie, for 123 days Pay, as Affiffant Inspector of Hospitals in the Mediterranean, to 24th September 1802 -

To Colonel Dirom, for Pay of an Assistant, as Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, from 25 December 1801 to 24th May 1802 -

£6*3 16 6

4* 12 6

110 — —

3»7 >8 —

173 6 10

210 5 9

2,024 5 3

1,210 2 6

433 7 10

43i — —

17317 6

86 13 5

5181* 6

125 — —

258 12 —

211 7 6

53 3 —

75 — —

116 10 3

35 H 9

Vol. 59.

To Mcftrs. Trotter and Co. for providing Hospital Bedding, Camp Necessaries, Knap-sacks, Stores, Ac- for the Use of the Forces -

For Bat, Baggage and Forage, for sundry Corps of Regulars and Militia, and Forage to several General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals attending the Forces To John Geddes, Esq. for Sums expended by him for the Die of the Forces in North Britain in 1801 -

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for the Exchange on the Difference between the Amount of Bills drawn in favour of the Receiver General of the Land Tax in Scotland, and the Amount of Bills drawn for the Use of the Troops there, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, and for an Allowance to the said Bank for providing Specie for the Troops in Scotland for the said period To Colonel A. Mackay, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25th June to 24th December 1801 -

To Lieutenant Colontl A. Dirom, for Ditto, as Deputy Quarter Master General in Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto -

To Ditto, for sundry Expences incurred by him a3 Ditto, for the year 1801 To the lleprclentatives of John Powell, Esq. for the Balance of an Account of Moniei advanced for Out Pensioners in North Britain, ordered for Garrison in 1782 -

To Wm Fettes, Esq. on Account of the extra Expences for Oatmeal, &c. fumished to several Garrisons in North Britain in 1802 -

To John Geddes, for Sums expended by him for the Use of the Farces in North Britain, in 1802 -

To Colonel Dirom, for his Contingent Disbursements, as Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 To Colonel Mackay, for his Contingent Disbursements, as Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 - -

To Ditto, for Ditto, from 25th June to 24th December 1802 -

£•*,927 11 9

• a 00 * c* 14 11

7« 3 —

7« 3 —

215 11 6

766 7 —

954 19 11

3,195 4 2

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 —

For sundry Articles of Cloathing, Accoutrements, and Necessaries, fomiftied for the Use of the Forces, and to Supernumerary Men, and Augmentations to divers Corps -

To make good the Deficiencies on the Assignments of Off-reckonings of sundry Corps that were reduced or difhanded, at various periods - For Great Coats supplied to sundry Corps - -- - 56,653 7 5

Dedud Caffi, flopped from the Oft-reckonings of several Corps of Infantry, on Assignments, commencing subsequent to 25th December 1798, and ending 24th December 1801, pursuant to His Majesty'9 Warrant of 23d April 1801- - - - 18,923 ® 10

To Mr. John Buffa, as a Remuneration for long Services, as Physician to the Forces on Foreign Service, and the Lofi'es fullained when taken Prisoner on his Passage from Halifax - £, 187 6 —

To Mr. Donaldson, to be paid Over to the Bamffshire Regiment of Fencibles, for Lose sustained by Exchange on passing Bills for Pay at Gibraltar, between 23d June 1800 and 25th October 1801 ——

To Mr. John Perry, Paymaster of the late ad Argylllbire Fencibles, to be distributed among the Officers of the said Regiment, for Lots by Exchange at Gibraltar To Mr. Soloman Moses Jonas, for Losses sustained by him in supplying Horses and sundry Articles for the Use of the Army on its Retreat from Dunkirk in the year 1793 To Mr. lt.-Dewar, Assistant Surgeon of the 41ft Foot, for Loss of Baggage, Ac. taken by the Enemy at St. Vincents in 1796 ——

To Lieu1 Pierce Power, of the Lancashire Volunteers, for Ditto, on the Passage from Liverpool to Dublin ——

To Lieut1 Hubert de Salve, of the lft Battalion of the 60th Foot> for Losses by the Wreck of the Ship King George in the W eft Indies - - - -' - -

To Major A. Stewart, of the iff Battalion of the lft Foot, for DiKo, at the Evacuation

of Toulon ......

To General Maitland, for replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 49th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service at St. Domingo ——

To Ditto, for replacing sundry Ditto of Ditto, Regiment loft by the Wreck of the Denton Transport off Guernsey ——

To Ditto for Losses of several Officers of ditto Regiment, by the Wreck of ditto Ship

To Lieut. General Coates, for replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 2d Regiment of Foot, loft by the Wreck of the Duttfm East Indiaman -

1,086 6 3

1,094 11 3

651 4

6017 —

31 1

31 1 —

«s 3 —

183 4 0

129 4* M 11

*03 6 —

829,211

1.

19

d.

Appendix, (No. 29.) 28* Mar,

continued.

68,05j 4 lo »3«>,734 4 10 138,799 11 U

10,933 4 3 20,720 11 4

57,048 4 3

37,729 *» 7

7T

Camed forward

:1‘

*93,*35 *9

Afpeadix,

(No.

18% Martiit

c&itinued.

622

Appendix. '

-<4.1804.

Dates of Payments.

1803: February 7th,

March 2d

12th. 16th. IMay 34.

4th.

I3t^ 17 th. June 8th. 17 th. 25th. 27th. 28th. 30th.

July 2d. 8 th. 9th. Augull 4 th. September 13th. October 20th. November 7th. December 3d.

loth.

12 th.

13th.

14th.

• June 8th*

* ‘ * t

December 12 th.

January 31ft

Brought forward - •* e* -

To General Fletcher, for replacing Great Coats of the ift Battalion of the 35th Foo

loft on Service in Holland - £. 205 11 9

To Major General Wilford, for replacing sundry Appointments of the York Hussars,

loft on Service at St. Domingo - . - - - 1*509 16 —

To Lieut. General de Lancey, for replacing sundry Accoutrements and Appointments of the 17th Dragoons, delivered into llis Majesty's Stores, and to a Provincial Corps in St. Domingo . - - 1,631 11 1

To Messrs. Dickey, for replacing Great Coats loft by Deserters from ift Battalion of

52d Foot 29 18 —

To Lieutenant L. Spinluff, of the 6th Dragoons, for the Lot of a first Charger, ftiot

for the Glanders - - - - 48 6-

To Daniel Flynn, Master of the Sloop Three Friends, as a Compensation for Losses, in consequence of the Proclamation of 26th December 1792, directing, a General Embargo on all Vessels bound to France - - - - 1702 —

To Major P. liellew, to be paid to the Officers and Staff Serjeants of the 2d Battalion of the 5th Regiment of Foot, for Loss on Bills of Exchange drawn for their Pay and Allowances when at Gibraltar - - - - 1,060 19 8

To Lieut. Colonel G. Stewart of the 35th Foot, for Loss of Baggage in Guadaloupe in 1794, when a Captain in the 33d Foot - - _ - 41 9 8

To Major \Ym Grey, of the 17th Foot, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage in

Holland in 1799 _ - - _ - . - - 36 1 —

To Lieut. General Stevens, for replacing Accoutrements of the 65th Foot, which were

destroyed by Leakage on board La Sensible, on the Passage to the Cape of Good Hope 6.5 12 8

To Mfs. A. Robinson, Widow of Lieutenant R. N. Robinson of the Marines, for the

Loss of his Baggage at St. Lucia, when taken by the Enemy - - - - 65 6 —.

To H. L. Frizell, late Captain in the Prince of Wales's own Regiment of Fencibles, for

Loss of Baggage on his Passage from Gibraltar - - - 63 3 —

To Wm Tail, late Lieutenant of the Loyal Irish Fencibles, for Loss of Ditto on his

Passage to Jersey - - - - 26 1 —

To Mr. A. Jameson, late Surgeon to the Garrison of Fort La Malgue near Toulon, for

Loss of Ditto on the Evacuation of that Place - - - 13 13

To Madame de Thiballier, as a Compensation of the I.ofles sustained by her late Husband Colonel F. de Thiballier, while Commandant of a Regiment of Infantry in the British Service at St. Domingo - 456 1 —

To the Representatives of General Lascelles, for replacing sundry Articles of Appointments of the 8th Dragoons, which were loft on Service at the Cape of Good Hope - 1,660 10 11

To Lieut. C. Reynolds, late of the 80th Foot, for the Loss of a Horse killed by the

Enemy on th*1 Continent - -; - - - 1919 —

To Mr. P. Grant, of the 55th Foot, for Loss of public Money in Holland in the Year

1799 - - - - ...... - . \ - 129 15 3

To Lord Kenflngton, for replacing Cloathing and Accoutrements of the Cambrian Fencibles, loft by the YVreck of the Weymouth Transport - - 706 3 1

.To Major General Wemyfs, for Losses sustained by him by the Rate of Exchange on

his Pay while Brigadier General on the Staff at Gibraltar - 231 16 1

To Mr. James Stocker, far an Indemnification for Loss by Fire, in a Magazine, provided by him for the Stockland Volunteers - - - 182 12 —

To the Duke of Kent, for the Lose of his Military Equipage, as late Commander in

■Chief in America, on board the Francis Transport ----- 2,000-----

To Mr. J. Hamilton, Paymaster of the 5th Foot, for the Losses of the Officers of the said Regiment, on Bills of Exchange drawn for their Pay, &c, at Gibraltar - - 700

To Lieut. General H. Johnson, for Loss of Baggage of sundry Officers of the 81ft Foot,

by the Wreck of the Ship Determinee - - 345

To E. Mundel, late a Captain in the Nottingham Fencibles, for Loss of Baggage on the Passage from Ireland - - 83

To Lieut. General De Lancey, for replacing sundry Appointments of the 17th Dragoons,

which were taken, by the Enemy on the Passage to. the West Indies - - - 293

To Captain Mac Phcribn of the 17th Foot, for the Loss of three Dories in Holland - 47

To General Hall, for replacing the Colours of the 3d Regiment of Foot, which w ere

loft on board the Ponfborne East Iqdiaman - - - 33 96

8 8 5 — 3 —

15 11

5 —

To Mr. James Window, to enable him to make such Payments for Hospitals, Scc. as may be directed by the Secretary at War -

To Mr. G. Gamier, Apothecary'General, for Medicines, Instruments, and Materials, delivered for the Lfe of the Forces - ...

Fqr Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief's Office to Michaelmas 1803, on Account For Contingent Expences of the Adjutant General's Office to Michaelmas 1803, on Account

- - - - - £. 1,000--

To Colonel Wynyard, for.his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from

25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801- - - 156 6 —

To Ditto, for Ditto, fro® 25th December 1802 to 24th June 181*3 - - - 78 3 —

To General Sir David Dondas, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th June 1801 to 24th December 1802 - - - - 702 12 —

; For 12 Months Contingent Expences of the Quarter Master General's Office, to 24th 1

December 1803, on Account - - - - 480-----

For Six Months Pay of the Assistant Quarter Master Generals in Great Britain,

to 24th December 1803, on Account - - - '- - - - -2,150-----

f For the Contingent and Extraordinary Expences of the several Deputy and Assistant

Quarter Mailers General, for sundry periods ----- 950 3 g

To sundry General Officers, &c. for the Extra Expences of themselves and other Officers under their Command, for House Rent, Forage, &c. -, For 12 Months Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the Foot Guards, to 24th January 1804 ——

For the Contingent Expences of the two Regiments of Life Guards, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800 ——

Towards the Levy Money of sundry Augmentations to the several Regiments of Foot Guards To W"1 Gortoij, Esq. for providing a Table for the Officers of Life and Foot Guards on Duty at St. _ James’s, &c. from 25th March 1802 to 24th March 1803 ——

JJo Mr. Downes, for advertifuig Deserters in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, from 10th July 1802 to 2d July 1803 - - -

Tc> the Duke of Gloucester, for 'the Rent of certain Apartments in the Horse Guards, customarily poltefled by the first Majors of the Foot Guards, converted into a Military Store, from 25th June 1793 to 24 th December 1799 ——

C d.

l>*93*235 V 1

Carried forward

>5.5*1 9 8 30,000-----

155.2.33 18 — 4,000-----

*,*34 9 —

4/>8* i5

79,4i 9 6

io,957 1

2,031 6

4,66 010 —,

0,291 16 —

4*9 16 5

659 9 —

,610,586 19 6

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

623

Dates of Payments.

1863: February lft.

5th.

6th.

loth.

11th.

March id.

ad.

4th.

5th.

10th.

lath.

15th.

18th.

and.

28th.

\ April 6th.

a4th. May 14th.

aoth.

23d.

asth.

June 8th.

11th. July 14th.

26th. August 3d. 15th. 13d.

September 19 th. October 15th.

November asth. December 3d.

5th-

*3d.

a4th.

Brought forward ....

To Wm Fiffier, Esq. Receiver General in Norfolk, to reimburse the like Sum paid by him to the Wives and Families of Men in the Provisional Cavalry -

To Mt. E. H. Sandys, Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the County of Kent, for his Bill of Expences for arranging Plans proposed by Lord Grey in case of Invasion -

To D. E. Davy, Esq. Receiver General for the East Division of the County of Suffolk, to reimburse the like Sum paid for Horses for the Provisional Cavalry of the said County, and for the Relief of the Families of Men serving in that Corps ——

To O. R. Oakes, Esq. Receiver General for the Welt Division of Ditto County, for Ditto Services To Mr. C. Mason, for the Amount of the Deductions for the additional Twelve Pence in the Pound made from his Pay as late Commissary of Accounts to the Forces on the Continent, from a lit

June 1793 to 3d July 1797 ......

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for his Annual Allowance in lieu of Emoluments as Lieut. Governor of Landguard Fort, to 24th December 1801 ——

To Capt. D'Auvergne, Duke de Bouillon, for Table Money, and as a Remuneration of Expences incurred when commanding a Division of Armed Vessels at Jersey, from 1794 to 180a -ToG. Auft, Esq. Commifl’ary General of Mullers, for extra Expences of new Arrangements made in his Office ——

To A. Lechmere, Esq. Receiver General of the County of Worcester, to reimburse the like Sum, paid on Account of Horses for the Provisional Cavalry of the said County -

To Colonel H. Calvert, to be paid over to Mr. J. Walter, for the Expences of certain Regulations for the Guidance of Regiments of Infantry - -

To L. Morse, Esq. for Printing and other Charges attending the Publication of the Anny Lift for 180a To Colonel Yorke, for the Half-yearly Allowance, in lieu of Emoluments to the Deputy Lieutenant and other Officers of the Tower, to 24th June 180a ——

To Sir Wm Pitt, for his Half-yearly Allowance, as Governor of Portsmouth, in lieu of Emoluments, to 24th December 1797 -

To Ditto, for his Yearly Allowance as Ditto, to 24th December 1798 -

To Ditto, for his Yearly Ditto, as Ditto, to 24th December 1709 -

To Ditto, for his Yearly Ditto, as Ditto, to 24th December 1800 -

To Ditto, for his Yearly Ditto, as Ditto, to 24th December 1801 ——

To Lieut. Colonel A# Hope, for his Yearly Ditto, as Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, to 24th December 1800 ——

To Ditto, for his Yearly Ditto, as Ditto, to 24th December 1801 -

To Mefirs. Cox and C\ for the Expences of several Officers on the Removal of the Depot from Chatham to the lile of Wight -

To Lord Mulgrave, for the Hire of Ground for the Encampments in Yorkstrire, in 1799 -

To Mr. \Vm D. Adams, for the Difference between the estimated Value of the Ground he had purchased, and the Ovens he had erected at Guernsey, and the Sum for which they were fold -

ToJ.White, Esq. Solicitor of the Treasury, on Account of the Executors of the late Rt. Hon.RichardRigby, to replace certain Sums allowed by the Auditors in his Account, after the final Declaration thereof To Mefirs. Hunt and CJ. for the Damage they sustained by the Encampment of the Forces at Netley in 1800 ——

To \V. Pollock, Esq. for Fees paid on the InVeftiture of Major General Cradock with the Order of the Bath To MelVrs. Bunney and Gold, for printing Heads of a Bill for amending and reducing into one Ad the Laws relating to the Militia -

To the Rev. J# Hodgson, for one Years Rent of the M milter's Iloufc in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1802 ——

To the Representatives of John Robinson, Esq. for Hire of Ground for the Troops encamped at Harwich, from 1793 to 1799, and for Damages, &c. futyairted in consequence thereof -

To T. Rice, Esq. Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, &c. for the Year 1801 -

To Mr. John Bailee, for Damages sustained by him by the Encampment of the Forces at Harwich,

in the Years 1793, 1794, 1795, and 1796 ......

To Lieut. General Hulfe, for the Hire of Ground for the Encampment of the Forces under his Command, in 1801 ——

To CL It. Oakes, Esq. Receiver General for the Western Division of Suffolk, to reimburse the like Sum, paid for Horses supplied the Provisional Cavalry ——

To the Governor of the Corporation of the Poor of the City of Bristol, for the Expences incurred for the Passage, 6cc. of discharged Soldiers and their Wives and Children from Bristol to Ireland -To L. Morse, Esq. for carrying on for one Year, to Midsummer 1803, a Progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army -

To the Priuce de Rohan, for ail Claims against Government on Account of the Regiment which he raised for His Majesty’s Service, and for the Lofi'es which he thereby incurred -To Colonel Yorke, for the Half-yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant and other Officers of the Tower, to 24th December 1802, in lieu of Emoluments -

To Mr. An thy de Poggi, ns a Reward and in Reimbursement of the Expences incurred by him in making several Models for Military Purposes ——

ToJ. White, Esq. for Expences of several Witnesses, in attending the Trial of W. Hepburn, late Lieut.

Colonel of the 31ft Foot, and John M‘Cumming, Captain in the said Regiment -To Mr. Coleman, Veterinary Surgeon General, for Travelling and other Expences incurred by him To MetTfs. Tatham arid Egg, for making new Muskets, &c. to Pattern, and for their Trouble in attending for the Purpose of making Experiments therewith -

To L. Morse, Esq. for Charges attending the Publication of the Army Lift for 1803 -•

To Major General Hewitt, to be paid to sundry Staff Officers of Recruiting Diitri6ts, for Expences incurred in removing from their several Stations in 1803 - -

To Mrs. Diana Cafwell, Executrix of the late Tim* Cafwell, Esq. formerly Deputy Paymaster General, towards the Expence incurred in making up the Accounts of Mr. Rigby ——

To A. Singleton, for his Annual Allowance as Lieut. Governor of Landguard Fort, to 24th Dec. 1802 To Captain S. Campbell, for Marches and Contingencies of his late Independent Company, from 24th February to 24th October 1782 -

To Mr. John Quihampton, for the Hire of Ground for the Use of the Forces at Affiford

For the extra Allowance to the Troops on Account of the high Price of Bread and Meat

Deduct—The Sum granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the

Extraordinary Expences of the Army for the Year 1803 - - - - £• 1,400,000--

Caffi received from the Navy Board, being in Reimbursement of ft) much issued on Account of Foreign Corps, and applied to the Service of the Transport Department - 23,377 6 —-Caffi received of Mr. Mitford, towards making good sundry Bills drawn by the Honw*

George Stuart, Governor of Fort George, for Contingencies - - - - 72 17 4

Caffi received of Mr. Chapman, bting the produce of Dollars returned from Secret

Service Money - - M33 4

Remain to be Provided for

£■ s. d.

1,610,586 19 6

38 8 4

326 16 8

2,825 9

% 381 9 —

294 14 —

63 3 —

2,345 15 —

325 *4 2

196 3 —

954 18 2

992 15 *—

212 4 —

M5 4 9

2Sg 8 6

289 8 6

' 289 8 6

289 8 6

204 4 —

204 4 —

*53 4 1

177 *4 —

395 6 —

12,347 8 2

74 •2 6

427 *4 8

43 1 —

42 2 —

1,197 9 10

8.757 13 4

305 5 —

88 4 —

43 — —

9 9

103 3 —

4,000 — —

212 4 —

1,000 — —

*>43 9 8

182 16 6

3* 12 i»

1,098 1

47016 4

2,000 _ --

63 3 —

4 »5 t

22 1 —

105,488 — —

i.70s»©9a — 9

1,4*5,884 1 f

339»207 18 7

Appendix, (No. 2 28° MartHp

cfjntinued•

Pay Office, Horse Guards, ? 28th March 1804, )

ty Thomas,

Accountant*

624

Appendix.

A. 1804.

i ■» — — v-f- ~ ■-■ «■, .".fg 1 = - ~~ !r

Appendix.

(No. 30.) £ £ pqhT fron, the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Heyexbe.

29* Mar tit. . ' . ..

Apptudix (A.)

Appendix (B.)

Appendixes (C.) (D.) (K.) (F.) <«■> (H.) (L) (K.) (L.) (M.)

Appendix (N.)

Appendix (O.)

Appendix (P.)

Appendix (Q.)

The COMMITTEE appointed to consider of* the Charge upon llis Majesty s Civil List Revenue } and who were directed to report the fame, together with their Opinion, to the house; and to whom the several Accounts presented to the house by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command,

on the 12th day of this instant March, have been referred;-----

Have proceeded in the Examination of the several Mattefrs teferred to them; and have agreed upon the following Report.

The Nature of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue, the Arrangement by which it is distributed into several Classes, and the Comparison of the Lftimate for each, as laid before Parliament in the year 1786, with the actual Charge in every subsequent year, have been already lo fully stated in the Reports of the Select Committees appointed to consider this subject, in the two last years, that Your Committee conceive it will only be necessary for them to incorporate the Accounts of the last year, with those of the preceding, in the Tables already prepared; in order to enable the house to appreciate the causes of the Excels which has led to an Annual accumulation of Debt; after adverting to such items in the Accounts now laid before the house as appear to deserve particular notice; and subjoiuing, as they are required to do, their Opinion upon the whole.

They have accordingly.stated in the Appendix to their Report,—

1. An Account of the Charge of the Civil List as estimated in 1786, and the Charge of the fame in the year ending January 5th 1803, with the Increase and Dccrease thereof; which it is thought fit to exhibit again in the form in which it is presented to Parliament in the present year; as being now prepared from actual instead Of, in some inltance?, from estimated Charges, it affords a more accurate Statement than that which was presented in the last year, and printed in the Report of that Committee.

2. A fnnilar Account, made up to the 5th January last.

3. Comparative Account of the Particulars of Charge in each Class, atul in each year, from 1786 to the present, and as then estimated: that of the year 1802 being corrected from the Account, Appendix

(A.)

4. An Abstract of the general Amount of Charge in each year, from the year 17S6 to the present; compared in like manner wdth the Estimate then made, as applicable to each.

5. An Account of the Debt of llis Majesty’s Civil List on 5th January last, as laid before the house by llis Majesty’s Command.

6. An Account of the Payments which had been made on 5th

January 1804, in discharge of the Debt of the Civil List on the 5th January 1802; shewing the Excels or Diminution of the Charges paid, as compared with the Estimate of the Debt laid before Parliament.

7. A11 Account of the manner in which the Debt has arisen, from 5th January 1802 to the 5th January 1804; and the actual Amount iff the Deficiency, after taking credit for the Auxiliary Funds granted by Parliament.

From an examination of these Documents, it will appear, that, as hiis been noticed in the preceding Reports, the Excess of Expenditure beyond the Estimate is to be found, almost exelufively, in the Third snd Fourth Classes, and the head of Occasional Payments/’

The first of the lc comprizes the regular Establiftnnent of the whole Diplomatic Cody, the Charge of which for the year 1802, will be found to exceed the Estimate of 1786, by the sum of £. 19,045. 145. 2^d. and that for the year 1803, by the sum of £. 36,084. 3 s. io| d.

It was observed in the Report of last year, that 44 the Charge of 44 this Class, had always during the years of Peace, in some degree " exceeded the Estimate; that the increase had been progressive, being 44 in the first year above £.4,000, amounting in 1790 to near * £• 17,000, and in 1792, the year immediately preceding the late 44 War, to £< 27,000; that the increase w as truly stated in the Report 44 of 1802, to have arisen partly from some addition to the Allowances 44 of many of the Ambassadors upon the usual establiftnnent, but prin-lt cipally from the occasional appointments of Ministers Plenipoten-n tiary, Envoys Extraordinary, Charge des Affaires, and Secretaries 44 of Legation; for most of whom, as being only temporary, no pro-" vilioivwas profefltdly made in the Eftiinates of 1786:" And it w as also observed, 4* That the rising importance of America since that " year, had also considerably increased the C’haige both in the Diplo- matic and Consulate parts of that Establishment, of which only the 44 appointment of Consul General was included in that Estimate."

4* That in confluence of the late Peace,. which occasioned the

re*appointment of Ministers to France, Spain, and Holland, the n Charge in 1802 had risen to the amount stated; but, that as le-" vcral of the most considerable of these items were taken only for 44 broken parts of the year, and as it might he found necessary licrc- after to revive the Diplomatic relations of this country, in some

44 form or other, with several of those Powers wfith whom they hoi " been discontinued, there seemed no reason to expe^ that, if ll* 44 rates of allowances should continue nearly as in the Account yf 44 1802, the Charge of that Class, on a permanent Peace Establiftnnent, 44 could be taken at a lower scale, if lb low as it actually reached previous to the late War, which* as above noticed, would exceed the H Estimate by at least £. 27,000."

In truth, the appointment of Ministers, in consequence of the Peace having taken place during the courie 6f that year, and their millions having continued through a great part of 1803, and that to the Court of Spain through the whole; while on the other hand, the recommencement of the War may have occasioned some new appointments or increased Allowances to those before existing, neithefr year can be considered entirely on the footing either of a Peace or War establiftnnent; and it may be thought therefore, that the faired mode of obtaining a proper refolt, would be by combining the Charges of the two last years, and taking the average of the whole, which would make the Annual Charge £.98,416; being little more than £.500 above the Charge in 1792, and consequently exceeding the Estimate uk about that amount beyond the £. 27,000 calculated upon in the Report of last year.

The charge of the fourth Class, comprizing, 44 the Approved Bill* 44 of llis Majesty’s Tradelhien, Artificers, and Labourers, for any 44 articles supplied or work done for His Majesty’s Service," which, from its magnitude and general Excess beyond tliA Estimate, particularly attracted the notice of the formcT Committees, does not in the year under consideration, appear to require much additional observation: The Charge indeed of the Lord Chamberlain’s department, which has usually the most exceeded the Estimate, has in the last year been reduced above £. 19,000 below tlrnt of the preceding; while that of the other branches of the lioulehold lays either varied little, or has likewise been reduced, so as on the whole to have amounted to less than it has done in any year since 1799.

In the other subdivision of this Clals, the article of Printing has exceeded that of the preceding year by above £-7,000; still leaving the Charge of the whole Class about £. 14,000 below the amount of the preceding year.

The Charge under the head of " Occasional Payments," which is the third object to which it was proposed to draw* the attention of the house, will be found to have exceeded that of the preceding year, by the sum of £. 52,896, though not to have reached the amount of that of 1801.

The principle articlts in which this Excess has arisen, will appear to be,

Deficiency of Treasury Fees ;—Sheriffs Conviction of Felons, and Overpayments on their Accounts, amounting together loan excels of above £.9,000 ;—Law Churges, £. 15,000 ;—Extra Extraordinaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts, including Reimbursements for expences incurred and Losses fufiuined in His Majesty’s Service abroad, above £.14,000;—Messengers lulls in the Departments of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and the War Department, £. 7,000; and Contingencies in the fume, £. 8,000. Some diminution of expence appears to have taken place, but not'in any item of necessary and coniiant Charges..

The whole amount of the Charge of the Civil List in the last year appears to have been £. 1,148,851, exceeding that of the preceding year by £. 48,691; the principle articles of which have been adverted to in the preceding remarks on the Classes, in which the excess has arisen, and which difference would have been still greater, but for the diminution of expence in some of the other CJulies, which it has not been thought necessary particularly to notice. The refnit of the w’hole gives an Excess above the Estimate of 1786, of £. *251,451.

This deficiency naturally leads Your Committee to the consideration of the next object of enquiry, the Debt which has accrued lince the 5th January 1802; the particulars of which, as it now stands, are detailed in the Account in the Appendix; and the occasion of which w’ill be found in the Comparative Statement of Charge of each Class for the last eighteen years.

On this part of the subject in general, Your Committee is led to observe, that from the Statement laid before Parliament in the Report of the year 1802, the inadequacy of the Funds originally defined lor the Charge of the Civil List Expenditure, to the then exilting and probable future demands of that Service, muff have been apparent, and may be considered as having been recognized by the Vote of the house for defraying tire Arrears of Debt incurred up to that period. This deficiency being established, and no provision having since been made by Parliament for increitfing the Funds, or diunnishing the Charge, it is obvious that some accumulation of Debt mull have been expected: As the particulars which have given rife to the present Debt are now submittxd to the consideration of the Iloule, who will thus be enabled to form their own judgment on the result, it may be

lumcceflaiy

Appendix

44 Geo. III.

Unnecefiary minutely to examine what ground of expectation existed when the former Debt was discharged, as to the probable future deficiency in any given period; but it will be found on referring to the Statement inierted in the Report of 1802, that the Increase of Charge above the Estimate, as flated for the preceding year (adding the fuins then due) amounted to £. 230,031; and it will appear that the average Excess of the two last years, 1802 and 1803, amounts to j£. 227,105 per annum, a 1‘uin not much differing from the former, though it certainly cannot be alfumed that the Amount of Charge for 1801, increased as it was by the payment of turns, to the Amount of £. 51,6*79. which might not, in' the ordinary course, have been included in it, and exceeding, as it did, considerably beyond that Amount, the Charge of the preceding year was necessarily to be taken as the criterion for future years.

On the whole, Your Committee, concurring as they do in the fug-gellions made 1 »y the Committee of lan year, and confirmed by fub-Sequent experience in the propriety of suggesting to Parliament the Adoption of such mealiires as may he adequate to provide for the probable future demands of this Establishment, beg leave to adopt the Observations, with which they concluded their Report.

u On a consideration of the refillt of the whole, Your Committee 4t are of opinion, that the Revenue applicable to the Charge of the " Civil List Expenditure, is become inadequate to the various Services which, in the Estimate of 178G, it was calculated to meet. That, w as this deficiency may obviouily be accounted for by the advance u of price which has taken place fmee that period, on all Articles of Expenditure in which the Establishment of the Household " is concerned, and in the other brandies of a more public nature, 4< by necessary additions to various Articles of Charge, there appears M no ground to expect that the fame Establishment, intended to be 4i provided for by the Estimate in 1786, can be supported in future u without foine considerable additional provision; which Your Committce beg leave to fugged, might be most conveniently made in the following mode: the# arc of opinion, that it would be expe-" dient, in the first place, that a new Ultimate, more adapted to " present circumstances, should now be prepared and laid before " Parliament; that if this was properly formed on such part of the " Fourth Class as respects the Household, it might be reasonally " expected that the future Charge would be provided for, so as to " prevent any Debt arising upon this head.

" They think it might be proper, however, that further regnla-u tions should he adopted, with respect to the Charges comprized in u the second subdivision of that Class, as well as in the Third Class, " and the Occasional Payments, which latter, from the contingent " nature of the various particulars included in it, it is less easy to " provide for by previous estimate. As all these are, in moll of the " Articles, connected with the general Expenditure of the Country, " though, by His Majesty's prerogative, more immediately under His " controul, they are of opinion, that it might be expedient that they " should be submitted annually to the insperition of Parliament; who " would thus be enabled to observe, whether any Excess above the " corrected Estimate had taken place; to Examine the causes and " provide the remedy, either by controuling the expence or taking " measures for its discharge. Considering the extreme uncertainty M of many of these Charges, as well as the necessity of discharging " them by Ready Money Payments, so as not to interfere with the " order intended to be established as to the payment of the other " Claft'es, they wilh further to submit to the wil’dom of the House, u how far it might be prudent to provide annually, by a previous " vote, such a sum as might enlure these Services being provided for " as they arise, subject to an Account of Particulars being laid before " Parliament in each succeeding Session, and liable to their controul, " as in other cases of the dispoliiion of Public Money."

Appendix

(A.)

<B.)

(C.)

(D.)

(E.).

(I‘.)

(G.)

<H.)

(I)

<K.)

(L.)

(M.)

LIST.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated in 1786, and the Charge of the fame in the year ending 5th January 1803; with the Increase and Decrease thereof.

Ditto - in the year ending 5th January 1804.

Class 1.—The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family.

Class I,—The Salaries of the Chancellor, the Speaker, and the Judges of England and Wale*.

Class 3.—Salaries t6 Ministers to Foreign Courts.

Class 4.—Approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, &c.

Class 5.—Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

Class 6.—Pension Lift.

Class 7.—Salaries of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

Class 8.—Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Abstract of the Charges of the Civil List Establishment, for the last Seventeen Years.

Occasional Payments for Ditto.

(N.) Abtlrad of the Charges of the Civil List Establishment, from 1786 to 1804 inclusive.

{O.) Debt of His Majesty s Civil List on 5th January 1804.

(P.) Account of Payments made on 5U1 January 1804, in Di (charge of the Debt of the Civil List on 5th January 1S02. (Q.) Account of the Debt and Deficiency of the Civil List, from January 1802 to January 1804.

Vol. 59.

7u

Appendix, (No. jo.) 29° Martii,

continued.

Appendix* (No. 30.) 19* Ma,

continued.

626

Appendix.

A* 1804

Appendix (A.)—An ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge of the CIV I L LIS T, as Estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th day of July 1786, and the Charge of the fame in the year ending the 5th day of January 1803; with the Increase and Dec ukase thereof.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Iler Majesty the Queen -

The Prince of Wales - -

The Duke of York, Prince William, and other Princes -

The Duke of Cumberland -

The Princess Amelia -

1 hike of York -

Duchess of Cumberland -

Duke of Clarence -

The Prince of Wales, for the support of the Princess Charlotte His IL IL the Duke of Cambridge

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioner3 of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester; and the Justices of the Courts of Great Britain in the Principality of Wales.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal -

Speaker of the House of Commons, £. 5 a day -

Judges of the Court of King’s Bench «*-----

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas ——

Barons of the Exchequer -

Chief Justice of Chester -

Justices of the Court of Great Section in Wales ——

5,000 0 0

1,825 0 0

8,500 0 0

7,500 0 0

6,500 0 0

730 0 0

2,900 0 0

3^,955 o O

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries so Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts.

France:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a week D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary to the Embassy, 405. a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

- £• 5>ll4

1,600

730

- 400

5 8 o o o o o o

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £.160 a week; j of a year -Secretary of Embassy, 40 s. a day ——

I)0 - - Extra Disbursements -

Minister Plei. £, 3 a day ——

7 >944 5 8

Spain:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a week D° - - Extra Disbursements Secretary to the Embassy, 40 s. a day D’ - - Ext. Disbursements

- £5.214 5

- 1,600 o o

73a o o 400 o o

Envoy Ext. and Plen. Charge des Affaires

£, 100 a week

7>944 5 8

Portugal:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

£■ 2,920 o o 300 o o

Envoy Ext, and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation, £, 1 a day

Turin:

Envoy Ext. {.5 a day -D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Minister Plen. ^.3 a day D° - - EkI. Disburleraente

3,220 o o

£• 1,825 o o

- 400 o o

Nice:

Vice Consul

Naples:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

£. 2,920 o o - 400 o o

Envoy Ext. £, 5 a day; for J of a year -D° - - Ext. Disbursements - -

Envoy Ext. and Plen. 8 a day; for 4 of a year Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day -Charge des Affaires, -

2,225 0 0

340 o o

3>320 o o

Estimated Annual Charge of llis Majesty’s Civil Lilt:

r;

According to the In the Year

Account laid ending the

before Parliament 5th January

in 1786. 1803.

£. s. d. £. d.

60,000 O O 60,000 O O

58,000 O O 58,000 O , O

50,000 O O 60,000 O O

14,500 O O -

9,000 0 0 -

12,000 0 0 -

- 12,000 0 0

- 4,000 O O

- 2,500 0 0

- 6,000 0 0

- - - 4,000 0 0

203,500 p 0 206,500 0 0

increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

£. d.

10,000 o o

12,000

4.000 a,500

6.000

4.000

38,500 o o

5,000 o o 1,125 o o 8,425 18 6

7.500 o Q

6.500 o o 730 o o

2,897 4 5

32,178 2 11}

6,285 14 3

550 o o 300 o o 825 o o

2,628 11 208 o o

2,920 o o 400 o o 278 o o

1,095 o o 300 p o

ir39 0 0

400 0 0

696 0 0

363 0 0

96 a 0

s

16 8 7

1

378

o o

£. s. d.

14,500 o o 9,000 o o 12,000 o Q

35,500 o o

700 o o 74 1 6

2 15 6J

776 17 of

5,107 14 3i

830 o o

340 o o

373 0 O'

44 Geo. III.

Appendix;

627

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A.)

T III It D C L A S S—continued-

Florence:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day Du - - Ext. Disbursements

Venice:

Relident, £.3 a day

- - Ext. Disbursements

Swiss Cantons:

Charge des Affaires

£• 2,920 o o 400 o o

-£•1,095 o o 400 o o

Constantinople:

Atnbaffador, £. 3 a day -Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £.100 a week Secretary of Em bally* £<2 a day -D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Minister Plen. -

Holland:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 10 a day -D° - - Ext. Dilbmlemerits

Deputy Conlervator at Campvere -11 is Maj city's Agent at Rotterdam -

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £.100 a week

Vienna:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day -D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a week Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day D° - - Additional Allowance -

Brnffels: ,

Minuter Plen. £.5 a day

D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Russia:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day L>° - - Ext. Dilburienients

£.3,650 o o 1,600 o o 120 o o 248 o o

£. 2,920 o o 600 o o

£.1,825 o 400 o

- £.2,920 o o 600 o o

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £.160 a week

year

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day; for I year -Secretary of Einualfy, £. 2 a day -

I)’ ----- for Ext. Disbursements -Minister Plenipotentiary -

Beilin:

Envoy Ex,t. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a week; £ year ' Secretary of Legation -Charge des Allaiies -

£.2,920 o o 400 o o 360 o o

Sweden:

Envoy Ext. at Stockholm, £.5 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

£. 1,825 ° o

400 o o

Secretary of Legation r

Denmark:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day -D* - - Efit. Disbursements

£. 2,920 o o 406 6 o

Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires

Poland:

Minister at Warsaw, £. 3 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Dresden:

Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day -D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day D° - - Additional Allowance

Charge des Affaires

Hans Towns:

Minister, £.3 a day

D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Charg£ des Affaires, £. 2 a day Agent -.

£• 1,005 O' o 400 O O

-£•1,825 O

400 o o

- £• 1,095 o o

- 300 o o

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List:

(-----

According to the] Account laid before Parliament] in 1786.

3,32°

L495

250

1,095

s. d.

2,225

L495

2,225

1,395

5,618

3, J20 o o

2,225

3,520 o o

3,680 o o

3,320 o o

In the Year ending the 5th.January 1803.

d.

3,320 o o

5.214 5 8

730 0 0

400 0 0

855 0 0

3,928 u 4J

5.214 5 3C5 o 244 o

*.342 17 11

4.205 H 3

90 0 6

730 0 0

400 0 0

840 0 0

3,9H 5 8

450 0 0

666 0 0

1,680 o 90 o

2;7»3 17 275 o 576 o

2,920 0 0

400 0 0

365 0 0

183 0 0

204 0 0

345

730

1S0

Increase: Decrease:

In the Year ending the

5th January 1803.

1

£. *. d. £• d.

/ 1,495 0 0

" " 250 0 0

6,104 5 8 —

— 1,689 8 7 \

| 2,303 5 8

- 2,225 0 o’

1 ' —

V 11,088 11 4J —

| i.35o 5 * —

}- * *. 455 0

| 244 17 9 —

1,495 0 a

| 1.847 0 —

I" 134 0

Appendix#

(No. 30.)

29® Mart it.

continued.

Appendix, (No. 29.) 30° Ma continued.

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A.)

THIRD CLAS S—continued.

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

Elector Palatine:

Minister at Ratisbon, £ 3 a day -D° - - Ext. Disbursements

- £1,095 o o

- " 300 o o

Envoy Ext. £ 5 a day, \ year Envoy Ext. and Plen.^.8 a day, \ year Ext. Ddburfcments -Secretary of Legation -Charge des Atiaires -

Elc^or of Cologne:

Minister, £ 3 a day

D° - Ext. Disbursements

Malta:

Minister Plen. ^.3 a day I)6 - Ext. pifbuisements

£1,095 0 0

300 o o

Estimated Annual Charge of Ilia Majesty a Civil List: __________- ....----- . -

£ d.

L395 o o

1,395 o o

Congress at Amiens:

Secretary of Embafiy, £3 a day D° - Ext. Disbursements -

America:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. /.8 a day, £ year D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Secretary of Legation, £ 1 a day -Charge des Afiaires,£ 2 a day

Minister to the Landgrave of llefi’e Cafiel

Couiul at Madrid Consul at Cadiz - -

Consul at Carthagena Consul at Genoa '-Consul General at Morocco Consul at Tunis -Consul at Tripoli -

D° - - Ext. Dftburfements -

£■ 3S0 250

Consul at Zante -Consul at Algiers -

D° - - Ext. Disbursements

400 0

1,000 0

200 0 (

300 0 (

250 0

Soo 0 '

500 0 1

630 0

- 600-----

- 485 11 6

Agent and Consul Lower Saxony -Consul at Newport, Ostend, and Bruges -D° - at Mafiacbufett’s Bay -D* - at Naples -

D° - at Corunna and Carthagena -D® - at Trieste -

D° - at Virginia -D° - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica -- - D° - - - Additional Allowance -D* - at North and South Carolina and Georgia Consul General at America - -

D* - - to United States in D°

D° - - at Grand Cairo -

FOURTH CLASS:

The Approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificer*, and Labourers, fot any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty’s Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain j)° - - - - d° - - - Lord Steward -

- Mailer of the Horse - - Matter of the Robes D° of the Ufiler of the Court of Exchequer -

D° of the U filer of the Receipt of D* ......

D° for Printing, &c. -

D° for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons -D° of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes -

FIFTH CLASS:

The Mesial Servants of His Majest/s Household,

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer - £ 1,540 o o Salaries to the Houfthold - 15,204 4 0

Allowances to D* - - 6,573 *7 6

Board Wages t< !,erf uis not under the Lord Steward 740 o o D° to the Cuapels ----- 4,679 7 7

Wages to the Chapels - - * - - 415 14 7

Carried, forward

1,085 n 6

200 o o 400 o o 250 o o

120 O O

200

1,000 o o 350 o o

70,852 2 10

147,200 o o

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

£ d•

9°5 o M7* 0

400 o

309 o 302 o

L395

828

225

o o o o

730 6 o 400 o o

720

350

365

730

o o o o o o o o

500 o 500 o 380 o 300 o 250 o 1,180 o 800 o

830 o o

200 O O

1,301 17 3

480 o o

800 o o 400 o o

250 o o 800 o o 250 o o Co o o 800 o o 1,730 10 o 1,750 o o

92,158 10 4:i

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

43,000 0 0 94>192 14

50,000 0 0 84,380 19 io£

23,000 0 0 29)174 12 3

2,200 0 0 1,940 8 0

1,200 0 0 1,630 9 2

7,000 0 0 - -

7 ,oqo 0 0 26,494 1 0$

2,800 0 0 3,'21 0 0

11,000 0 0 -

£■ *• d.

2,143 o o

1,053 o o

130 o o

240,934 4 5

29,153 3 8

29,153 3 8

30,733 I8 5

30,733 >8 5

2,165 0 0

100 0 0

- -

180 0 0

380 0 0

300 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

216 5 9

480 0 0

600 0 0

- -

130 0 0

800 0 0

110 0 0

800 0 0

730 10 0

L750 0 0

36,800 10 5i

£■ *■ d.

500 o 0

250 o o

350 o o

15,494 2 1°J

51,102 14 oj

34,380 li) 10. 6,174 12 3

430 9 2

19,494 1 °h

321 o o

111,993 16 5

1,580 14 9

1,580 14 9

250 12 7,000 o 0

11,000 o o

18,259 12 o

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

629

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A.)

FIFTH C LASS—continued*

Brought forward -

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer - £. 3,000 Salaries to the Lord Chamberlain's Office - - 23,673

Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer - - 600

The Groom of the Stole, at D° - - - 2,000

12 Gentlemen of His Majesty's Bedchamber, paid

at D® - - - 12,000

13 Grooms of D# ----- 6,500

Apothecary to His Majesty, D® - - - - 115

D° - - to the Household, D# 53

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Horse D* - to the Office of Master of the Robes

SIXTH CLASS:

Peksions:

£•*4.35414

PensionS formerly paid at the Treasury -

D® - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions 38,544 19 D® - to the lata Queen Caroline and late Princess of Walesa Servants -D* - by Sign Manual D° - by Patents and Privy Seals -One Contingent Pension - - £.2,680 o o

One D® - 800 o o

11,056 o 2,542 it 12,604 o

3»48o

Pensions to lat^ Mhnfters at Foreign Courts -Annual Bounty paid in the Office of the Lord

Steward - 1,985 o

Quarterly Bounty D* ----- - 1,259 0

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward - 1,211 o

D® to the Persons paid in his Office - 4,395 o

D° to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain ----- 5,487 11

D° paid in the Office of Master! ,

%(the Horse - - . { 1>055 ° °l

Pensions in D° - 701 5 oJ

Compensations in the Office of Master of the Robes 538 2

SEVENTH CLASS:

Two Grooms of the Exchequer at £. 1 per ann. each -

Organ Blower at Whitehall Chapel -

Rent of Passage into Channel Row -

Sir John Hynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity -

48 King's Watermen, at £.3. 2. 6. a year each -

12 Pensionary D° -

Clerks in the Pipe Office ——

D® of the Pells in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pleas -

Vicar of the Tower -

VJflier of the Exchequer - -

Minister of St. Botolph, Perpetuity ——

Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office -Organist in Whitehall Chapel -Churchwardens of St Johns, Perpetuity , -

Secondaries in the Office of King's Remembrancer D° - - in the Office of Treaiiircr's Remembrancer -Housekeeper at Westminster -

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, £. 10 a year each -• A Person to lift the Water at the Treasury -University of Oxford, Perpetuity, for a Preacher -D® - - of Cambridge, D° - - D° -

D° - - of D®----- D° - - D® -

Deun and Chapter of Litchfield, D* -

School master of Southwell, Perpetuity ——

Reader at Whitehall Chapel - D°

Clerk of D® - D®

Clerk of the House of Commons, D° ——

Clerks of the Office of TreasurePs Remembrancer -Churchwardens of St. Michael's Perpetuity -llniverfity of Cambridge, Divinity Lecturers -D° - - of Oxford - - D° r - D®

Vicar of Litchfield, Divinity Le&urer -

Emanuel College -

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, 11. a day Clerk of the Nichills -> ——

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

r According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786. In the Year ending the 5th January 1803. In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

- £. d. £• d: r £■ «• d. £. s. d.

- *<M53 3 8 30,733 18 5 1,580 14 9 * m

0

9 i

0

0

0

0

0

8

47.94* i» 5 50,933 14 8 4(994 0 3

- 12,790 19 4 13,252 11 11 461 14 7 —

- 1,080 0 0 1,080 0 0 — "

£■ 90,965 15 5 96,000 3 0 5,034 7 7 — r

O - »

O

4

0 •

0

0 . •

9*.583 4 4 81,953 15 - , 10,628 9 *1

- 8,975 0 0. 22,581 6 9i 13,606 a 9i

0

0

0 m

0 %

4

0

6

16,631 18 10 11,66318 4 - 4,968 0 a

£■ 118,189 3 2 116,199 0 4 13,606 6 9i 15,39*5 9 7*

2 0 0 2 0 0

- 2 O 0 2 O O — *U£i

- 3 10 0 3 0 — •i-im

- 5 6 8 5 6 8

- 150 0 0 150 0 0 a—a —

37 1° 0 37 10 0 — ’

- 4 8 4 11 8 — -L-H

- 5 0 0 5 0 0 —i —

- 6 to 0 6 10 0

6 13 4 6 13 4 —-

6 13 4 m — — - 6 13 4

- 7 0 0 7 0 0 — i —

- 7 13 4 7 13 4 —

- 8 0 0 8 0 0 — —

- 7 13 4 7 13 4

- 8 0 0 8 0 0 — —

- 9 0 0 9 0 0

- 9 * 6 9 * 6 — —

- 20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

- 10 ~ 0 0 10 0 0 —

- 10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

- 10 0 0 10 0 0 v ' —

- 10 0 0 10 0 0 —

- 10 0 0 10 0 0 —

- 10 0 P 10 0 0 _ —

- 10 0 0 10 0 0 — a

- to 0 0 10 0 0 —

* 10 0 0 10 0 0 —

- 11 5 0 11 5 0 —

- 12 4 0 1* 4 0

- 13 8 13 6 8 —. —

- 13 6 8 13 6 8 —» —*

- 15 0 0 15 0 0 —

16 13 4 16 13 4

- 18 5 0 1* 6 0 — -mN

20 0 0 20 0 0 *—

Appendix* (No. 30.)

29* Martii,

continued.

VOL. 59.

7X

630

Appendix.

r

A.1804.

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Martii, contimud.

Account, Hievving the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A.)

SEVENTH C L A S S—continued.

Porter of the Exchequer - * - -

Gentlemen of the Chapel, id lieu of 5 Deer

Four Purfui vants at Arms, £.vo each -

Clerk of the Estreats in the Common Pleas -

Advocate General ——

Underkeepers of Cranbourn Chace Churchwardens of St. Magnus, Lothbury, Perpetuity Eight Heralds, £.26. 13#. 4 d. each -Second Secondary in Treasurers Remembrancer’s Office Turncock at St. James’s - -

Office-Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office - -

A Person to attend and work the great Water Engine at WindforCastle Jane Garrett, the Widow of a Person formerly employed in the said Office ——

Keeper of the King's Swans - -

24 Whitehall Preachers, £. 30 per ann. each -

Turncocks at Whitehall ——

3 Tellers of the Exchequer, £.31. lfs. 4 d. each -Senior Teller of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer - -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, vs. a day -

Clerk of the Ordnance ——

M after of the Temple -

Plumber in the Office of Works -

3 Kings at Arms, £.40 each -

Ranger of Salcey Forest - ’ -

Proietlor of Physic at Oxford -

D° - - of I aw - at - D°

Foreign Opposer in the Exchequer -

Regius Profeifor of Laws, Cambridge -

Pro fell or of Phytic-----1)°

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel . -

MetTcnger to the Order of the Bath - -

Keeper of all the Engines -

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Comptroller of the Pipe ——

10 King’s Council, at £.40 each -

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity -

The King’s Organ Builder -

Person for providing Strings for Musical Instruments -Chamber-Keeper to the Cockpit Rooms -Ranger of Windsor Forest for Swanimote Courts -King’s Heralds and Punuivants at Arms, for Attendance on Feftival Days - - t - - . -

King’s First Serjeant - -

F^on College* Perpetuity -

Office-Keeper to the Wardrobe -

34 King’s Messengers, £. 45 each -

Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2 s. 6 d. a day each (Two) Office-Keeper and Neceftary Woman to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 48 each - - -- - * -

Gate-Keeper in the Road to Fulham -

Three Meffeogers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India,

£.50 each --T ......

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity -

Engraver of Seals ——

King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Register of Loans - -

One Messenger to the Treasury -

Principal Painter ——

Store-Keeper to the Ordnance, 3$. a day - -. -

King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy

Two Office Clerks of the Works, £. 60 each -

Messenger of the Press - . -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

MeiVeTiger of the Wardrobe . - - - . -

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -

Carpenters and Joiners in D° ——

Lieutenant.General of the Ordnance - ,

Solicitor General -

Gentleman I larbinger of the Band of Pensioners -Office-Keeper, Messenger, and Porter in the Office of Works -Messenger attending the CLancellor of the Exchequer -Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 80 each

Rat Killer ...... - - - -1

Housekeeper to the Treasury -

Ranger of St. James’s Park -

Attorney General -

Register of (he Order of the Bath

Secretary to Ditto -

King at Arms - , ——

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury -Gentj'emen.Ulhcr of the Order of the Bath , - ‘ Messenger of the Treasury Chambers -Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer

Estimaied Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil Lilt: Increase Decrease:

r- ,r According to the In the Year ' '

r 0 1 1 Account laid ending the In the Year ending the

before Parliament 5th January, 5th January 1803.

in 1786. 1803. 1

<m,m 1 ’"■*

£■ s. d. £■ *■ <*■ £■ , d. £■ *■ <L

VO 0 0 20 0 0 —

20 0 0 20 O O — -

80 0 0 80 0 0 ' —.

20 0 0 20 * O O — —

20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

20 0 0 20 O 6 — —

21 4 8 21 4 8 * ,

213 6 8 2136 8 —

26 13 4 ‘2d 13 4 —

28 15 0 28 15 6 ’ —

30 0 0 32 5 0 2 5 O —

30 0 0 30 0 0 — —

0 0 e* 12 O O —

30 0 0 30 0 0 —

720 0 0 720 0 0 — —

30 6 3 30 6 4 O 0 1 —

95 0 0 $5 0 0 — —

33 6 <8 33 6 8 — —

35 0 0 30 O O - - - 5 0 0

36 10 0 36 10 0 — —

36 10 0 36 10 0 — —

37 6 8 37 . 6 8 — —

38 2 9 38 2 9 — —

120 0 0 120-0 O — —

40 0 0 0 0 0 — —

4o O 0 0 0 3- — —

40 0 0 40 0 0 — —

40 0 0 0 0 0 — —

40 0 0 40 0 0 — —

40 0 0 0 0 0 — —

40 0 0 40 0 0 — —

40 0 0 40 0 0 — —

40 0 0 40 0 0 — —

40 0 0 0 0 0 — —

4o O 0 0 0 0 — —

480 0 0 800 0 0 320 0 0 —

40 0 0 0 0 — —

40 0 0 t 0 0 — —-

40 0 0 0 0 0 — —

40 0 0 - 0 0 0

40 0 0 s 0 0 — —

4i O 0 41 0 0 —

4i 6 10 41 6 10 — —

42 0 0 0 0 — —

45 0 0 45 0 0 — —

U53o 0 0 315 0 0 - - - 1,215 0 0

91 5 0 91 5 0 — —

96, 0 0 - - - - 0 0

49 10 0 49 Jo 0 ■—- —

150 0 0 - - - - 0 0 \r> 0

50 0 0 50 0 0 —

50 0 0 50 0 0 — —

50 0 0 50 0 0 — -

50 0 0 56 0 0 — —

50 0 0 - - - - 50 0 0

50 0 0 50 0 0 — —

54 15 0 54 15 0 — —

55 17 4 55 17 4 — —

60 0 0 60 0 0 — —

1 ‘20 0 0 140 0 0 20 O O

60 0 0 - - - - 60 O Q

64 2 1 64 2 1 — —

65 O 0 65 0 0 — —

747 IO 0 829 7 9} 00 •o 9i —

195 1 6 *59 10 3 - - 35 u 3

66 13 4 66 13 4 — , —

70 0 0 65 19 2I - - - 4 0 9i

7° O 0 70 O O — •—

72 17 9 7*2 17 9 — —

73 O 0 - - " 73 0 0

73 O 0 73 0 0 — —

74 3 4 74 3 4 — —

160 0 0 - - - - 160 0 0

80 0 0 80 0 0 — —

80 Q 0 - - - - 0 0 00 0

80 0 0 80 0 0 —> —

81 6 8 80 17 8^ - - - 0 8 ii£

9° 0 0 •0 0 0 0 — —

90 0 0 90 0 0 " — —

90 0 0 90 0 0 — —

9° 0 0 - - - go 0 0

90 0 0 90 0 0 — —

9° 16 8 - A - - 9° id

9613 4 96 *3 4 — •—

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

631

Account, /hewing the Charge of the Civil List— continued*.

Appendix (A.)

' SEVENTH C L A S S —continued.

Clerk of the Cheque to the King's Mefiengers -

Forty Gentlemen Band of Pcnhoners, £. 100 each -

Surveyor of the Woods -

Oenealogift of the Order of the Bath -

Corporation of Lyme Regis - -

l3° — for repairing the Pier ——

One of the Auditors of the Lund Revenue -

Minister of the I tie of Man ——

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

Ileirs of Col. Fairfax, Perpetuity -

D° of Nidi9 Yates, D® -

Matter of the Ceremonies -

Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Poet Laureat -

Yeoman Uther of the Black Rod ——

Eleven Mailers in Chancery, £. 100 each -

Garter King at Arms -

Matter of the Barges ——

22 Clerks in the Treasury -

Four Clerks of the Council, £. loo each -

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich Ilof-pital, and Winchester -

Profefl’or of Botany, Cambridge -

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. too. 7s. 6 d. each ' ——

Aftillant Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Penftoners -

Atlistant Master of the Ceremonies -

Accountant to the Conitniifinners for the Affairs of India

Keeper of the Tennis Courts -

2d Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Supervisor of the Work ot digesting Records - -

Mailer of the Mechanics -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer -

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer -

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall - * -

flatter (General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of the New Park, Richmond, for Self and Underkeepers Governor of Windlbr Cable, 101. a day -

Clerk of the Works for D® Queen's Lodges, and some of the King’s Houses in and about Windlbr -

Knight Harbinger -

Ke *per of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates -King's Clockmaker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces -

Bishop of Chester, for 4 Preachers -

2 Keepers of the State Papers, £. *200 each -

More to them for Clerks -

More to them for Expences -

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court, Palace Yard, Park Gardens, and Buthy Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River Uther of the Black Rod - - - .-

Clerk of the Works for St. James’s, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster -

One of tire Solicitors of the Treasury -

Constable of Dean Fo’reit -

Resident Clerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Works for Queen's House, Carleton lloufc, Mews, Kensington Palace, and King's Road ——

Keeper of the Lions . -

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, &c. -

Four Clerks of the Council, £. 250 each -

Astronomer Royal ——

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Ixew, and New Park Lodge Four Mehengers of the Exchequer on their Salaries and Allowances - - - £. 258. 16. 10. each -

Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer -

"Warden of Waltham Fureft ——

Latin Secretary - -

Mailer of the Ceremonies - - - £. 200 o o 7

1)° — in lieu of Bills -----10000J

British Museum, for Care of King's Libraries -

Uuder Clerks of the Council, for Attendance on Matters of Trade -

First C'lerk to the Commissioners for the Aftairs of India

One of the Auditors of the Laud Revenue -

Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners ——

Rdident Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Eixannning C'lerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Pells ——

C brill's llospital -

Inspector of 1 lis Majesty's Works, &c. -

Proieft’or of Modern Hillory, Cambridge- - -

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury -----.

Chief C'lerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Professor of Modern Hillory, Oxford -

Examiner of Plays -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue ? -

Eltimated Annual Charge of 1 iis Majesty’s Civil Lilt: Increase: Decrease:

t — According to the In the Year 1

Account laid before Parliament! in 1780.

ending the 5th January 1S03.

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

Appendix's (No. 30.) zc>0 ar

conti/iuecf.

/■.

t—

£■ s. d. s. d. £■ *• d. £. s. d.

99 15 0 12+ 15 0 -5 0 0

4,000 0 0 4,000 0 0 — ,

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — ,

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 —

IOO 0 0 . 100 0 0 —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 -i- —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — —

190 0 0 100 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 , 100 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 —

IOO 0 0 loo 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0 — —

1,100 0 0 i,°99 3 4 - - - O l6 8

100 0 0 100 0 0 — —

100 0 0 180 0 0 CO 0 0 0 —

2,‘2 OO 0 0 - 2,200 0 0

40O 0 0 400 0 0 — —

IOO 0 0 100 0 0

100 b 0 200 0 0 100 0 0 —

9°3 7 6 1,003 9 6 loo 2 O —

103 0 0 m3 0 0 — —

104 6 8 104 6 8 — —

107 4 0 107 4 0 — —

120 0 0 120 0 0 — —

121 13 4 121 13 4 — —

130 0 0 - 0 O CO 0

132 3 4 132 3 4 — —

150 0 0 - 150 0 0

150 0 0 150 0 0 — —

150 0 0 150 0 0 — —

150 0 0 150 0 0 — —

150 0 0 150 0 0 — ■—

156 10 0 LV> 10 0 — —

100 0 0 160 0 0 — —

175 18 4 175 18 4 — —

178 10 0 178 10 0 — —

182 10 0 182 10 0 — —

180 0 0 180 0 0 —

193 16 8 195 16 8 — —

200 0 0 200 0 0 — —

200 0 0 200 0 0 — —

200 0 0 200 0 0 — —

400 0 0 }

200 0 e > 970 0 0 170 O O 1 1 —

200 0 0 ) '

200 0 0 200 0 0 — —

200 0 0 200 0 0 — —

200 0 0 250 0 0 0 O 10 0 —

200 0 0 - 200 0 0

210 0 0 210 0 0 — —

‘211 0 0 *211 0 0 — —

220 0 0 220 0 0 —

228 2 6 22S 2 6 — —

230 5 6 - 23° 5 6

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

320 0 0 320 0 0 — —

250 0 0 250 0 0 ■’ —

1,035 7 4 604 11 0\ - - - 430 15 9i

*203 6 8 263 6 8 — —

270 0 0 •270 0 0 — —

280 0 0 280 0 0 — —

300 0 0 300 0 0 — —

300 0 0 3'o° 0 0 — —

300 0 0 400 0 0 IOO O O —

300 0 0 - 300 0 0

300 0 0 300 0 0 — —

310 0 0 310 0 0 — —

318 0 0 - w 00 0 0

385 0 0 355 0 0 — —

3r>7 15 0 367 15 0 — —

37° 10 0 37° 10 0 — —

400 0 0 400 0 0 * '— —

400 0 0 400 0 0 — —

400 0 0 - 400 0 0

400 0 0 - - - - 400 0 0

400 0 0 400 0 0 — —

400 0 0 400 0 0 — —

400 0 0 400 0 0 1

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Mari it.,

continued.

632

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Account, lliewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A,)

SEVENTH CLASS—continued.

Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of Exchequer, and at the Chapter-house, Westminster, himself £. 400; Clerks £.500 Ullicr of the Exchequer, for 10 Watchmen and *2 Superintendants -Auditor of the Exchequer - -

Office-Keeper of the Treasury, for Attendance and Disbursements -Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners - ,

Keeper of the Council Records Riding Forester of New Fore ft -Four under-SecreUries of State, £. 500 each Keeper of Records in the Tower -Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works Chancellor of the Garter -Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest - -

Captain of the Band of Pensioners Surveyor of Lands Matter of the Hawks -Ranger of Hyde and St. James's Parks Secretary to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Chief Justice in Eyre, North of Trent Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office Lord Privy Seal -

Chief Justice in Eyre, South of Trent -I/)rd President -

Constable of Dover Cattle -

Secretary of State -

D° - - - - DJ ——

Professor of Botany at Oxford -

Keeper House Park, at Windsor - -

D \ outward Gate, Windsor Cattle -Officers Committee of Trade -

Officers of Windsor Forest -

Clerk Assistants of the House of Commons -Under Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India Solicitor to D° -

EIGHTH CLASS:

The Sat aries and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Tieatury -

First Commissioner of D° - -

Chancellor of the Exchequer

C

occasional Payments

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Special Service and Royal Bounty -Sheriffs, for Concision of Felons -

D° - for Overpayments on their Accounts Sundry Ministers, £. 20 each for their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges -

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts Extra Extraordinaries to D°

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England

D°----- — D° - - - Ireland

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy For D° - - of the Laity ——

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. -

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland House -Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury -

D° - - - Kenftngton Palace and Garden Expenses of Windsor Great Park -Fees, Ac. on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury -Secretary of State Foreign Department, for Contingencies

D°-----Messengers

D°----- for Deficiency of Fees

Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons For the Relief of certain French Protestants Secretary of State Home Department, for Contingencies

T>°----- --for Messengers

D° - - - -----* - - - for Deficiency of Fees -

• There ww also a Sun of £. 7,000 advanced in this year to His Royal High the Duke of Clarence, to complete £. 15.000, bat as it isfuted at the loot •t the Account of the Debt, 5ib January 1U04, it is here omitted.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List; Increase: Decrease:

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786. 1 In the Year ending the 5th January 1803. In the Yeai 5th Janus _ V: ending the iry 1803.

r

£• 1. d. £• *• d. d. £■ *• d.

900 0 0 900 0 0 — —

438 0 0 438 0 0 — —

460 3 4 460 3 4 — •—

480 0 0 - - - - 480 0 0

500 0 0 5Q0 0 0 — —

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

500 0 0 500 % O 0 — —

2,000 0 0 - - - - 2,000 0 0

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

510 0 0 510 0 0 — —

57° 5 0 570 5 0 * \ —

900 0 0 600 0 0 - - 300 0

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

L37* 10 0 1,37* 10 0 — —

1,582 17 6 1.73* 0 0 149 * 6 —

1,500 0 0 - , - - * - - 1,500 0 0

1,666 13 4 2,250 0 0 583 6 8 —

2,000 0 0 2,000 0 0 — —

3,000 0 0 3,000 0 0 — —

3,466 13 4 2,31613 4 - - 1,150 0 0

4,00° 0 0 4,000 0 0 — —

4,100 0 0 4,100 0 0 — —

5.680 0 0 - - - - 5,680 0 0

5*680 0 0 - - - - 5,680 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0

600 0 0 600 0 0 —

25 0 0 25 0 0 —

3.350 0 0 3,350 0 0 —

587 9 11 587 9 11 — —

600 0 0 600 0 0 — —

600 6 0 - - * - - . 600 0 0

600 0 0 - - - - 600 0 0

81,440 0 1 62,502 5 >3 5,96814 oj 24,906 8 lij

J^OOOO 0 0 8,000 0 0

4,022 0 0 4,022 0 0 — —

1,800 0 0 1,800 0 0 — —

13.824 0 0 13,822 0 I — —

25,000 0 0 25,000 0 0

10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0 — —

20,000 0 0 *10,412 14 94 - - 9,587 5

l&OOOO 0 0 7.590 0 0 - - 5,410 0 0

3,000 0 0 69 11 11 - - a,930 8 1

200 0 0 80 0 0 - - 120 0 0

7.500 0 0 5,000 0 0 - - 2,500 0 0

2,806 1 0 - - - - 2,8o6 1 0

*>500 0 0 958 14 6 - - 1,541 5 16

12,000 0 0 - - - - 12,000 0 0

2,000 0 0 8,376 0 0 6,376 0 0 —

1,500 0 0 7.405 4 1 5,905 4 1 .—

1,7°° 0 0 1,700 0 0 — —

800 0 0 800 0 0 _ —

1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0 —

6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 — —

1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 — —

900 0 0 900 0 0 — . —

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

220 16 0 - - - - 220 16 0

316 18 6 - - - - 316 18 6

323 16 6 3*4 8 6 0 12 0 —

52 14 0 5* 14 o | 1 — —

150 0 0 150 0 0 [ 1 — —

4,000 0 0 4,604 16 8 604 16 8 —.

1.741 12 0 •,749 19 6 8 7 6 —

2,000 0 0 1.349 17 5 - - 650 2 7

2,600 0 0 15,000 0 0 I I)

17,000 0 0 I >37,62815 14 —

- - 8,228 15 i« 5

M°9 0 0 1,393 0 0 1 * - 16 0 0

500 0 0 - - I 1 * - 500 0 0

2,000 0 0 9.500 0 0 I h

6,000 0 0 I >19,56013 3

6fo6o 1$ > 3 1 5

44 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

633

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (A.)

d.

o

6

Occasional payments—continued*

Secretary of State* War Department, for Contingencies -

- D° ----- for Messengers - (

- D* ----- for Deficiency of Fees

Treasury. Deficiency of Fees -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs - -

- D# - - - of Committee for Trade and Plantations

- D° - - * of the Privy Seal Office -

Mis Majesty's Charity to fundrv Female Objects’) /. s,

in Distress, paid at the Treasury - - -J i,*oo o

Fees, Ac. on the Receipt of that - - - 3a 13

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their Return Home -

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries * Governor of the I fie of Wight, for Sorphilage in his Accounts * -Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage *-

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Difiwrfements -Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine - -Vaudois Churches ——

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally

Court -

Police Office, Bow-street -

Presents to Foreign Ministers on signing Conventions - -

Expences of St. James’s and Hyde Parks -

Lord Salifhury, to pay Meilengers Bills -

Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges

Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office ——

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

To reimburse Expences incurred in His Majesty's Service Abroad; viz.

C. Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by J. Casa-inajor, Charge des Affaires at Berlin -

D°, to pay a Bill drawn by E. J. Jackson, for Money diilmrfcd on an Especial Commission Thomas Bid well, to pay a Bill drawn for the fame Service -

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by J.

M. Matra, Consul at Morocco -D°, to pay a Bill drawn by P. Magra, Consul at

Tunis ......

D°, to pay a Bill drawn by W. Drummond, Esq.

Envoy Ext’ at Naples, on Account of the Revd Mr. 1 lay ter, employed there in the Developement of the Herculaneum MS.S. -Charles Broughton, Esq. for the fame Service Isaac Beauikmon, Esq. for his Service as Pro-Consul at Algiers, and for Sums advanced by him on Account of Captives -

Marquis Cornwallis, employed on a Special Mission at Amiens -William Baldwin, Esq. for his Attendance and Advice as Council to Secretary of State -

Francis Moore, Esq. for bringing the Definitive Treaty of Peace from Amiens ——

William Pollock, Esq. for Fees on passing a Patent, creating Lord St. Helens a Baron -

George Attwood, Esq. for making Calculations respecting the Sinking Fund ——

£■ 8. d.-N

64 7 6

1,060 8 0

1,055 2 4

226 1 0

335 O 0?

333 12 6

1,450 0 0

1,55616 o_

Estimated Affnual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List:

>38,476 4 6

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d.

- - 3,000 0 0

- - 3,000 0 0

- - 894 10 52

13,468 3 3i

2,000 0 0 , - -

250 0 d 3,29$ 10 10

700 0 0 " - -

1,232 13 6 1,232 IS 6

1,500 0 0 881 0 0

1,000 0 0 2,066 16 10

500 0 0 840 2

- J - 1,000 0 0

218 8 8 219 7 6

400 0 0 310 12 5

98 14 6 100 16 0

<.345 10 4 1,828 5 4

300 0 0 L31Q 8 3

- - Ur/37 2 1

- - 8,176 12 0

- - 379 10 4

1,46914 6

- - 515 0 0

- - 429 7 82

6,081 7 4

14,080 10 o 1,525 18 o 547 u 6 457 *5 o 596 11 4

*39>865 53

Increase:

Decrease:

Iff the Year ending thd 5th January 1803.

£. s. d.

16,894 >° 5:; >3,468 3 3} 3,0491010

1,066 16 10 340 2 61

1,000 o o o 18 10

2 2 0 482 15 o

1,010 8 3

11,737 2 1

8,176 12 o 379 10 4 1,469 >4 6

5>5 o ° 4*9 7 Si

6,081 7 4

14,080 10 o 1,5*5 >8 o 547 >1 6 457 >5 o 596 n 4

>43,396 16 5

£■ *• d.

2,000 O O 700 0 0

6igr 0 o 89 7 7

•28,007 4 5!

ABSTRACT.

■ — - £■ S. d. £■ 8. d. £• *• d. £- '• V d.

Amount of 1 ft CLASS- *03,500 0 0 206,500 O O 3/500 0 0' —

2d - 32,955 0 0 32,178 2 111 - - 776 17 0i

36 - 70,852 2 10 92,158 IO 42 *1,306 7 6j —

4th 147,200 0 0 240,934 4 5 93,734 4 5 —

5 tli - -- -- 90,965 15 5 96,000 3 0 5,034 7 7 —

6th 118,189 3 2 116,199 0 4 - - 1,990 2 10

7th - -- -- 81,440 0 1 62,502 5 - - 18,937 14

8th - OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS 13,822 138,476 0 4 0 6 13,822 239,865 0 16 0 si 101,389 11 *2 —

897,400 6 0 i, 100,160 > 2 84 224,464. 11 el 21,704 H 10

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 -y y- r_.

27th l'l'biuary 1804. $ iV.

Vol. 59. 7 Y

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29® Ma,

continued.

«.-----v-----1

634

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Mart it, continued.

Appendix (B.)

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge of the C IV I L LI S T, as estimated by the Account laid July 1786; and the Charge of the fame in the Year ending the 5th day of January 1804; with the

before Parliament the 6th day of Increase and Decrease thereof.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family*

His Majesty's Privy Purse -

Her Majesty the Queen -

The Prince of Wales -

The Duke of York, Prince William, and other Princes

The Duke of Cumberland -

The Princess Amelia - - - -

Duke of York -

Duchels of Cumberland -

Duke of Clarence -

The Prince of Wales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte - -

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judg< the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principalil Wales.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great

Seal ......

Speaker of the House of Commons, £. 5. a day -Judges of the Court of King's Bench - -

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas -Barons of the Exchequer ——

Chief Justice of Chester

Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales -

THIRD CLASS:

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil Lilt:

r- According to the V In the Year

Account laid ending the

before Parliament 5th January

in 1786. 1804.

£■ *• d £. s. d.

60,000 O O 60,000 0 0

58,000 O O 58,000 0 0

50,000 0 0 60,000 0 0

14,500 0 0 -

9,000 0 0 -

12,000 0 0 -

• m 1 12,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

2,500 0 0

- - - 6,000 0 0

203,500 0 0 202,500 0 0

- 5,000 0 0 5,000 0 0

1,825 0 0 1,825 0 0

8,500 0 0 8,500 0 0

7,500 0 0 7,500 0 0

6,500 0 0 6,500 0 0

OO O 0 O 730 0 0

2,900 O O 2,900 0 0

32,955 0 32*955 0 0

Salaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts, being resident at the said

Courts.

France: £, s. d.

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plen. £. 100 a week 5,214 5 8

D° - - Extra Disbursements - 1,600 o o

Secretary to the Embassy, 40 s. a day - - 730 o o

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - - 400 o o

Ambassador Extra and Plen. £> 160 a week Secretary of Embassy, £. 2 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

Spain;

Ambassador Ex. and Plen.' £. 100 a week D° - - Extra Disbursements -Secretary to the Embassy, £. 40#. a day -D° - - Extra Disbursements

5*214 5 8

1,600 O -Q 730 O

400 O O

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £. iqo a week Secretary of Legation

Portugal:

Ambassador Ex. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £. 8 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Legation, £, 1 a day

2,920 © o 300 0 o

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary, £.5 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

1^25 o o 400 o o

Minister Plen. £. 3 a day

D* - - Extra Disbursements

Nice:

Vice Consul - -

Naples:

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £.8a day -D° - - Extra Disbursements

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £. 100 a week

Secretary of Legation -

Charge des Affaires

2,920 0 o 400 o ©

Florence:

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £. 8. a day -D° - - Extra Disbursements -

2,920 o o 400 o ©

7*944 5 8

7*944 5 8

3,220 o 0

2,225 0 0

340 o ©

3,320 o o

3,320^ o o

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804*

1.

10,000 o o

12,000 o o

4.000 o o 2,500 o o

6.000 o o

34,500 o o

3.357 2 5l 362 o 0 100 o o

5>»<4 5 8

600 o o

2,920 0 0

400 © 0

184 0 0

1,095 o o 300 o o

5,*>4 5 8 365 o o 218 o o

3,320 o o

<L

14,500 o © 9,000 o o 12,000 o o

35,500 o o

284 © o

5.477 5 8

4.1*5 3

2,130 o o

850 o o

340 o o

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 635

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (B.)—

THIRD CLASS—continued.

Venice:

Resident, £.3 a day -

D* - - Extra Disbursements -

Swiss Cantons:

Charge des Affaires -

Constantinople:

Ambassador, £. 3 a day -Ambassador Extra and Plen. £. 100 a week Another - -Du----- D°

Secretary of Embassy, 2 a day -D° - - Extra Disbursements -Miniiler Plen. £. 5 a day, 167 days -

Holland:

Envoy Extra and Plen. £. 10 a day -

D° - - Extra Disbursements -

Deputy Conservator at Campvere -His Majesty's Agent at Rotterdam -

£■ s. d. 1,095 o o 400 o o

3,650 o o 1,600 o o

120 O O 248 O O

Envoy Extra and Plen. £. 100 a week

Secretary of Legation Chartrc des Allaues -

Vienna:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day D* - - Extra Disbursements -

Ambassador Extra and PIen. £. 100 a week Secretary of Legation, £. 1. a day D° - - Additional Allowance

2,920 o o 600 o 6

Bi uffels:

M miller Plen. £. 5 a day

D° - - Extra Disbursements -

Rush a:

Envoy Ex. and Plen. £. 8 a day D* - - Extra Disbursements

Ambassador Ex. and Plen. at £. 160 a week Another - D° ----- D° Secretary of Embassy, at £. 2 a day D° - * - Extra Disbursements

Berlin:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £-8 a. day D° - - Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Legation -

Envoy Ext. and Plen. at £. 100 a week Secretary of Legation -

Sweden:

Envoy Ext. at Stockholm, £. 5 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

1,825 o o 400 o o

2,920 o o 600 o o

2,920* O O

400 o o 360 o o

1,825 o o 400 o o

Envoy Ex. at Stockholm, {.5 a day D° - - Extra Dilbuisements Envoy Ex. £. 5 a dav

D° - - Extra Disbursements -

Denmark:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day D* - - Extra Disbursements

- 2,920 o o

- 400 o o

Envoy Ex. and Plen. {.8 a day -D* - - Extra Disbursements Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires -

Poland:

Minister at Warsaw, {.3 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements

Dresden:

Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day -D° - - Extra Disbursements

Envoy Ext. and Plen. {.8 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements -

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day D° - - Additional Allowance

Charge des Affaires -

Hans Towns:

Minister, {.3 a day

D° - - Extra Disbursements

1,095 o o 400 o o

1,825 o o 400 o o

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

Increase:

1,095 o o 300 o o

Agent and Consul Agent at Rotterdam Charge des Affaires

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

£. s. d.

1,495 o o 250 o o

1,095 o o

5,618 o o

3,520 o o

2,225 o o

3,520 o o

3,680 o o

2,225 o o

3,32© © 0

1,495 o o

2,225 0 0

1,395 © ©

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804.

Decrease:

Appendix, (No. 30.) 2.90 Mar tit 1

continued.

s. d.

5,214 5 8

3,971 8 6J

730 0 0

400 0 0

501 0 0

5,214 5 8

600 o o 650 o o

5,214 5 8

365 o o 244 o o

8,342 17 ii 2,057 2 io|

730 o o 400 o o

5,214 5 8 45© © ©

1,39© © © 300 o o 1,825 o o 400 o o

2,920 o o 400 o o 365 O o 154 © ©

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804.

£. *. d.

9,721 14 2j

846 5 8

S

2,33 5 8

8,009 19 liA

1,984 5 8

1,375 o o 300 o o 365 o o 244 o o 654 0 or

480 O O 248 O O 730 O O

1,690 O O

519 © ©

713 O O

63 o o

£■ *■ d.

>,495 0 o

250 o o

1,495 © ©

636

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 30.) .29* Martiiy continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Licontinued.

Appendix (B.)

THIRD C L A S 8—continued.

tie#or Palatine:

Minister at Ratisbon, £. 3 a day !>• - - Extra Disbursements

£■ 1,095 o O

- 300 o O

Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. & a day Extra pifburfements Secretary of Legation, f.ia day

Elector of Wurtemburg:

Envoy Extra. £. 5 a day •* D° - - Extra Ditburferarnts

Elector of Cologne:

Minister, £.3 a day

D° - - Extra Disbursements

Estimated Annual Charge of llis Majesty's Civil Lilt:

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

s. d.

L395 o

1,095 o o 300 o o

Malta:

Minister Plen, £. 3 a day

D° - - Extra Disbursements

D° - - Extra Extraordinaries

America:

Envoy Ext and Plen. {.8 a day D° - - Ext. Disbursements

Minister to the Landgrave of Hesse Castel Consul at Madrid -

Consul at Cadiz -

Consul at Carthagena -Consul at Genoa -

Consul General at Morocco -Consul at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli -

D® - - Ext. Disbursements -

380

250

Consul at Zante -Consul at Algiers - -

D° - - Ext. pilburfements -

Agent and Consul Lower Saxony -Consul at Mafiaehufett's Bay -

D° «* - at Naples -

D° - - at Corunna and Carthagena -

D° — at Trie lie -

D° - - at Virginia -

D° - - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica -

D°-----D°-----additional -

D° - - at N° and S° Carolina -Consul General at America -

D® - - to United States in Da

D* - - at Grand Cairo -

D* - - Albania and Morea -

D°* Civita Vecchia -

Republic of Seven Mauds - Consul -

Relident -

D®- Ex. Disbursements -

£. 600 o o

485 n 6

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty s Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain -D® - -- - the Lord Steward -

D® - the Master of the llorfe -

D® - -- - the Master of the Robes

D® - of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -D° - of the Uiher of the Receipt of D°

D® - for Printing, Ac. —

D® - for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons -D® - of the Tradesmen to the young Princes -

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer Salaries to the Household -Allowances to l)°

L395 o ©

400 o 1,000 o 200

3°°

2 50 800 500

630

1,08*5 11 6

- Vide I Ians 200 o o 400 o o 250 o o 120 o o

200

1,000 o o

350 o o

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804.

s. d.

2,920 0 0

400 0 0

0 0

U375 0 0

300 0 0

L39S o- o

1,095 o o 300 o o 950 o o

2, Q20 O O 1,400 O O

500 O

1.000 O 560 O 300 © ‘>50

1.1 So 800 380

450

250 o 800 o 250 o

120 O 800 O

1,730 IO

U75° o 1,31^2 10 1,312 10 187 10 200 o 825 o 225 o

D° to Ac Chapels Wages to the Chapels

Carried forward

£■ 1.540 0 0

- 15,204 4 0

- 6,573 17 6

740 0 0

- 4,679 7 7

4>5 H 7


*9>*53 3 8

*9,153 3 8

600 o o 735 i_ 9

Towns.

800 o o ioo o o

Increase:

Deere afe:

In the Yeai ending tf»c 5th January 1S04.

2,2(Jo 0 o

I *>675

o 0

70,852 1 10 106,936 6 8]

43,000 0 0 74,973 11 9

50,000 0 0 84,248 5 ni

23,000 0 0 26,640 19 6

2,200 0 0 2,201 8 0

1,200 0 0 1,64515 0

7,000 0 0 - -

0 0 33,673 8 3

2,800 0 0 3,327 0 0

11,000 0 0 - -

147,200 0 0 226,710 8 5>

30,651 19 5

3°»5i 19 5

b

i4'

345' ° o

320 o o

100 o o

3(H) o o

3S0 o o 300 o o

200 O O

249 10 3

600 — —

o

o

0

o

o

130 800

54

I ‘20 800

730 10 1,750 o 902 10 1,312 10 187 10

200 O O

825 o o 225 o o

49,524 7 I

3U973 11 9 34,248 5 ny

3,640 19 6

I 8 o . 445 15 o

26,673 8 3

527 o o

£■ «• d.

300 o o 250 o o

13.440 3 :J

7,000

1 1,000 O o

8 51 i 18.000 o

M98 *5 9

1,498 15 9

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.,

637

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (B.)

FIFTH CLAS S—continued.

Brought forward -

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer * £, Salaries to the Lord Chamberlain's Office Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer The Groom of the Stole at L)°

12 Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamr paid at D°

13 Grooms of I)°

Apothecary to His Majesty D°

D®-----to the Household D° -

Acc ording to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

3.000 -

23>673 5 9

600-----

2.000 -

12,200-----

6,500-----

115-----

53 6 8

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Horse IP - - to the Office of Mailer of the Robes

SIXTH CLASS:

PENSIONS.

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasury -D° - fonnerly paid by the Payin' of Pensions D° - to the late Queen Caroline and late Princess of Wales’s Servants -by Sign Manual -

by Patents and Privy Seals -

One Contingent Pension - £. 2,680-----

One D° 800-----

D°

D°

24,354

38,544

11,056

2,542

12,604

3,48°

H

19 —

— 4 11 —

Pensions to late Ministers at Foreign Courts -

Annual Bounty paid in the Office of the Lord Steward, 1,985-----

Quarterly Bounty D' ----- - 1,259 * —

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward - 1,211 — -—

D° - - - to the Persons paid in his Office - 4,395 -

D° - - - to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord

Chamberlain - -5,487

D* - - - paid in the Office of

Master of the Horse - - 1,055-----1

Pensions in D° - - - 701 5 ___J L756

Compensations in the Office of the Maftet* of the

Robes - - 538

Estimated Annual Charge ' of His Majesty's Civil List:

29,153

d.

8

47,941

12,790

1,080

12

19

90,965 15 5

92,582 4 4 8,975 o o

11

5 —

2 6

SEVENTH CLA.SS:

Two Grooms of the Excher at £. 1 per ann. each -

Organ Blower at Whitehall Chapel -

Rent of Pottage into Channel Row

Sir John Hynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity -

48 King's Watermen, at £. 3. 2. 6. a year each -

12 Penlionary D° -

Clerks in the Pipe Office -

D° of the Pells in the Tally Court ——

Clerk of the Pleas ——

Vicar of the Tower -

Ufiier of the Exchequer -

Minister of St. Botolph, Perpetuity -

Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office -

Organist in Whitehall Chapel -

Churchwardens of St. John's, Perpetuity -Secondaries in the Office of King's Remembrancer D° in the Office of Treasurer’s Remembrancer -

Housekeeper at Westminster -

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, 10 a year each -A Person to lift the Water ut the Treasury -University of Oxford, Perpetuity, for a Preacher -D° - - of Cambridge, D° - - D° -

D° - - of D°-----D° - - D° -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield, D° -Schoolmaster of Southwell, Perpetuity -Reader at Whitehall Chapel, D° -

Clerk of D* ...... D° ——

Clerk of the House of Commons, D° -

Clerks of the Office of Treasurer s Remembrancer -Churchwardens of St. Michael's, Perpetuity -University of Cambridge, Divinity Lectures -

D° - - of Oxford-----D° -

Vicar of Litchfield, D° - -

EmanueL College, D® -

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, 1 s. a day

Clerk of the Nichills ...... -

Porter of the Exchequer -

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of 5 Deer -

Four Purfuivants at Arms, £. 20 each -

Clerks of the Ellreats in the Common Pleas -

Advocate General - - * - -

VOL. 59.

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804.

30.651

51.555

14.251

1,080

17

8

97,539 4

82,115 12 10 19,622 o o

Increase:

Decrease:

Append (No. 30.) 3 9* Martii,

coiltihued.

In the Year ending the 5 th January 1804.

£■ *■ 1,498 15

d.

9

3.614

1,460

6,573 9 6

*0,647

£. s. d.

10,466 11 6

,631 18 10 11,358 H 6 - 5,273 4

.189 3 2 113,096 7 4 10,647 0 0 15.73915

2 0 O 2 O 0

2 0 O 2 O 0 — —

3 10 O 3 IO 0 — —

5 6 8 5 6 8 — —

150 0 0 150 0 0 — —

37 10 0 37 10 0 — —

4 11 8 4 11 8 — 1 —

5 0 0 5 0 0 — —

6 10 0 6 10 0 — —

6 13 4 6 13 4 — —

6 13 4 - - - 6 13

7 0 0 7 0 0 — —

7 13 4 7 13 4 — —

8 0 0 8 0 0 — —

7 13 4 7 13 4 ' — —

8 0 0 8 0 0 —

9 0 0 9 0 0 —\ —

9 2 6 9 2 6 — —

20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 O .0 — —?

19 0 0 10 0 0 — —

10 0 0 10 0 0 — —

11 5 0 11 5 0 — —

12 4 0 12 4 0 — —

13 6 8 13 6 8 — —

13 6 8 13 6 8 —

15 0 0 15 0 0 — —

16 13 4 16 13 4 — —

18 5 0 18 5 0 —

20 0 0 20 0 0 — "

20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

80 0 0 80 0 0 — —

20 0 0 20 0 0 — —

20 0 0 20 7 2 0 t 0

638

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 30.) 19* Ma,

continued*,

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (B.)

SEVENTH CLAS S—continued..

iJnderkeepers of Cranbourn Chace

Churchwardens of St. Magnus Lothbuiy, Perpetuity -

Eight Heralds, £.26. 13. 4. each -

Second Secondary in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office -Turncock at St. James's - -

Office-Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office ——

A Person to attend and work the great Water Engine at Windsor

Castle ...... - -

Jane Garrett, the Widow of a Person formerly employed in the said Office - -

Keeper of the King’s Swans - - , -

24 Whitehall Preachers, £. 30 per anti, each -

Turncocks to Whitehall -

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, £.31. 13. 4. each -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 5. a da# -

Clerk of the Ordnance - - ’ -

M after of the Temple -

Plumber in the Office of Works -

3 Kings at Arms, £. 40 each ——

Ranger of Salcey Forest ——

Professor of Physic at Oxford -

D° - of Law at D* ——

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer -

Regius Professor of Laws, Cambridge -

Professor of Physic, ---D° -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel -

Messenger to the Order of the Bath - -

Keeper of all the Engines -

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Comptroller of the Pipe -

12 King's Council, at £. 40 each -

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity -----*-

The King’s Organ Builder -

Person for providing Musical Instruments, dec. ——

Chamber-Keeper to the Cockpit Rooms ——

Ranger of Windsor Forest for Swannimote Courts -King’s Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms, for Attendance on Feftival Days -

King’s First Serjeant ——

Eton College, Perpetuity -

Office-Keeper to the Wardrobe -

34 King's Messengers, £. 45 each -

Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2 s. 6d. a day each (two) -Office-Keeper and Neceflfary Women to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 48 each -

Gate-Keeper in the Road to Fulham -

3 Messengers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 50 each ——

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity -

Engraver of Seals ——

King's Clerk in the Crown Office -

Register of Loans -

One Messenger to the Treasury -

Principal Painter ——

Storekeeper to the Ordnance, 3 s. a day ——

King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy

2 Office Clerks of the Works, £. 60 each -

Messenger of the Press -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer - * -

Messenger of the Wardrobe -

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -Carpenters and Joiners in D° -

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance -

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners -Office-Keeper, Messenger, and Porter, in the Office of Works -Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

2 Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 3o each -Rat-Killer * -

Housekeeper to the Treasury -

Ranger of St. James’s Park

Attorney General ——

Register of the Order of the Bath

Secretary to Du ——

King at Arm? -

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury -

Gentleman Ulher of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger of the Treasury Chambers -

Clerk of the Foreign Elheats, Court of Exchequer- -Clerk of the Checque to the King's Messengers -40 Gentlemen Band of Pensioners, £. 100 each -Surveyor of the Woods - -

Genealogilt to the Order of the Bath «r - > - -

Estimated Annual Charge of 1 iis Majesty’s Civil List:

According to the In the Year

Account laid ending the

before Parliament 5th January

in 1786. 1804.

£■ 8. d. £■ s. d.

20 0 0 20 0 0

21 O 0 21 4 8

213 6 8 213 6 8

26 13 4 26 13 4

28 15 0 28 15 0

30 0 0 31 10 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

12 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

720 0 0 720 0 0

30 6 3 30 6 4

95 0 0 95 0 0

33 6 8 33 6 8

35 0 0 3o 0 0

36 10 0 36 10 0

36 10 0 36 10 0

37 6 8 37 6 8

38 2 9 38 2 9

120 0 0 120 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

4° O 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

4°~ O 0 40 0 0

4° O 0 40 0 0

4° O 0 40 0 0

480 0 0 800 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

40 0 0 40 0 0

49 O 0 40 .0 0

40 0 0 - -

4° O 0 40 0 0

41 O 0 41 0 0

4i 6 10 41 6 io

4* 0 0 4* 0 0

45 0 0 45 0 0

1,530 0 0 3*5 0 0

9i 5 0 9i 5 0

96 0 0 - -

49 10 0 49 10 0

0 ^0 - -

50 0 0 50 0 0

50 0 0 50 0 0

50 0 0 50 0 0

0 0 50 0 0

' 50 0 0 -

50 0 0 50 0 0

54 15 0 54 15 0

55 >7 4 55 17 4

60 0 0 60 0 0

120 0 0 140 0 0

60 0 0 - -

64 2 1 64 2 1

05 0 0 65 0 0

7-J-7 10 0 828 15 0

195 1 6 159 10 3

66 13 4 66 13 4

70 0 0 70 0 0

70 0 0 70 0 0

, 7* 17 9 72 17 9

73 0 0 - -

73 0 0 73 0 0

74 3 4 74 3 4

160 0 0 - -

80 0 0 80 0 0

80 0 0 - -

80 0 0 80 0 0

81 6 8 81 6 8

90 0 0 90 0 0

90 0 0 90 0 0

90 0 0 90 0 0

90 0 0 - -

9° 0 0 90 0 0

90 16 8 - -

96 13 4 96 13 4

99 15 0 124 15 0

4, Coo 0 0 4,000 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 loO 0 0

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1804.


1 1 1 «» p. £• 8. d.

1 10 0 —

0 0 1 * 1 —

OOl —

5 0 0

O I 1 ( 1 1 1 I 1 0 f 1 ©« CO —

40 0 0

- 1,215 0 0

- 96 0 0

— 150 0 0

50 0 0

20 O O —

0 0 0 <0

—, —

81 5 0 —

— 35 n 3

— 73 0 0

160 0 0

' = ' 80 0 0

— 90 0 0

9016 8

I 0 0 -

— —

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

639

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Lid '-continued*

Appendix (B)

SEVENTH C*L A S S.—continued.

Corporation of Lyme Regis -

D° - - - for repairing the Pier ——

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Miniller of the I lie of Man -

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax, Perpetuity -

I)® - of Nicholas Yates --!>*-Marshul of the Ceremonies -

Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Poet Laureat - -

Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod — - - — r

Eleven Mailers in Chancery, £, 100 each -

Garter King at Anns -

Mailer of the Barges -

22 Clerks in the 1 reafury ——

4 Clerks iti the Council, £. loo each ——

Clerk of the Works for ttu Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich Hospital, and Wine heller ——

Prafessor of Botany, Cambridge -

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. too. 7s. 6i. each -

AlTi(lant Clerk of the Waidrobe -

Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

Ckrk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Checque of the Band of Pensioners -

Alhltant Mailer of the Ceremonies -

Accomptant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Keeper of the Tennis Courts -

2d Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Supervisor of the Work of digesting Records

MaHer of the Mechanics -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer - -

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer -

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Mailer General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of the New Park, Richmond, for Self and Underkeepers Governor of Windioi: Castle, 10 a day ——

Clerk of the Works for D’, Queen’s Lodges, and some of the King’s Houses in and about Windsor -

Knight Harbinger ——

Keeper of the Books, &e. of Forfeited Estates - - , -

King’s 'Cfockmaker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces -

Bishop of Cheller, for 4 Preachers - - -»

Two Keepers of State Papers, £.200 each -

More to them for Clerks ——

Ik I ore to them for Expence® -

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court Palace, Yard, Park, Gardens, and Buihy Park, and care of the Waterworks and Langford River -Giber of the Black Rod -

Clerk of the Works for St. James's, Whitehall, Westminster, and care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster -One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Constable of Dean Forest -

Reliilent Clerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Works for Queen’s House, Carlton House, Mews, Ken-iington Palace, and King’s Road -

Keeper of the Lions -

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, &c. -

Four Clerks of the Council, £. 250 each ——

Astronomer Royal ——

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Kew, and New Park Lodge Four Messengers of the Exchequer, on their Salaries and Allowances, £.258. 16*. iod. each -

Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer ——

Warden of Waltham Forest -

Latin Secretary ——

Mailer of the Ceremonies - £.200 - - - - -7

D® - in lieu of Bills - --100 - - - - -j

British Museum, for Care of King’s Libraries -Under Clerks of the Council for Attendance on Matters of Trade First Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue ——

Standard Bearer to the Band of Pensioners -Resident Clerk of the Wardrobe Examining Clerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Pells ——

Ch rift's Hospital -

Inspector of His Majesty’s Works, &c. ----->-

Proleffor of Modern History, Cambridge ——

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury -Chief Clerk to the Commissionei s for the Affairs of India Profelfor of Modern History, Oxford -

Examiner of Plays -

One «of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and at the* Chapter-house Westminster, himself £. 400, Clerks £.500 -Uiher of the Exchequer, for 10 Watchmen, and 2 Superintendants -

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List:

In the Year, ending the 5th January 1804.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d.

IOO 0 0 IOO 0 0

too 0 0 too 0 0

IOO 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

1,100 0 0 1,100 0 0

100 0 0 100 0 0

100 0 0 180 0 0

2,200 0 0 - -

400 0 0 400 0 0

IOO 0 0 100 0 0

IOO 0 0 200 0 0

93 7 6 1,003 15 0

103 0 0 103 0 0

IO4 6 8 I04 6 8

107 4 2 107 4 2

120 0 0 120 0 0

121 13 4 121 J3 4

13° 0 0 t

132 3 4 IS* 3 4

150 0 0 - -

150 0 0 150 0 0

150 0 0 150 0 0

150 0 0 150 0 0

150 0 0 150 0 0

156 10 0 156 10 0

160 0 0 160 0 0

175 18 4 175 18 4

178 10 0 178 10 0

182 10 0 182 10 0

180 0 0 180 0 0

195 16 8 195 16 8

200 0 0 200 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0

200 400 0 0 0 0 200 I 0 0

200 200 0 0 0 0 > 970 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0

200 0 0 250 0 0

200 0 o' - -

210 6 0 210 0 0

211 0 0 211 0 0

220 0 0 220 0 0

228 2 6 228 2 6

230 5 6 - -

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0

320 0 0 3^0 0 0

250 0 0 250 0 0

1,035 7 4 627 7 4

263 6 8 263 6 8

270 0 0 270 0 0

280 0 0 280 0 0

300 0 0 300 0 0

300 0 0 300 0 0

300 0 0 400 0 0

300 0 0 - -

300 0 0 300 0 0

310 0 0 310 0 0

318 0 0 - -

355 0 0 355 0 0

367 15 0 3^7 15 0

370 10 0 37° 10 0

400 0 0 400 0 0

400 0 0 400 0 0

400 0 0 - -

400 0 0 - -

400 0 0 400 0 0

400 0 0 400 0 6

400 0 0 400 0 0

900 0 0 9°° 0 0

438 0 0 43» 0 0

Increase: Decrease:

In the Year ending the '

5th January 1804.

£■ d. is 1 1 •

- —

80 O O —

• m * 2,200 0 0

100 0 0

ioo 7 6 —

— 130 O O

— O 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 in *4

170 0 0 —

50 0 0

» 1 1 200 0 0

«3° 5 6

« 1 -ill u 1 - 1 0 0

100 0 0

, _ 300 0 0

— 318 0 0

— 400 0 0

— 1 1 1 * 0 0

— —

Appendix, (No. 30.) 49* Martii, continued.

640

Appendix

A. 1804,

Appendix* (No. 30.) 2p* Mortii, continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (Q.)

-----SEVENTH CLAScontinued.

Auditor of the Exchequer - -

Office-Keeper of the Treasury, for Attendance and Difourfements Lieutenant of the B^nd of Pensioners -Keeper of Council Records ——

Riding Forester of I^ew Forest -

Four Under Secretaries of State, £. 500 each -

Keeper of Records in the Tower - - - - '

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Workp -Chancellor of the darter -

Officers of Windsor Forest -

Clerk Assistants of the House of Commons -

Under Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Solicitor to - - - D° - -

Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest - -

Captain of the Baud of Pensioners- -

Surveyor of Lands -

Master of the Hawjts ——

Ranger of Hyde and St. James's Parks ——

Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Chief Justice in Eyj*e, North of Trent ——

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office

Lord Privy Seal - -

Chief Justice in Eyre, South of Trent -

Lord President ——

Constable of Dover Castle -

Secretary of State - . -

- - D° -

Professor of Botany at Oxford Keeper House Park at Windsor -D° - Outward date Windsor Castle Officers! Committee of Trade

EIGHTH CLASS;

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury First Commissioner of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Special Service and Royal Bounty -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -

D° — for Over-payments on their Accounts -

Sundry Ministers, £. 20 each, for their Passage to the Plantations -

Law Charges -

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads -

Riding Charges for Messengers of the Exchequer -

Messengers Bills fqr Foreign Journies -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -

Extra Extraordinaries to D° -

D° - including Reimbursements for Expences incurred, and for Losses fuliained in His Majesty's Service Abroad -

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -

D9 ----- Ireland ——

For the Relief of the French Poor Protestant Clergy -

D° - -- -- - of the Laity -

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. -

Archbishop of York, for Charities, and Arabic Professors

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City -

Rent and Charges of Privy Seal Office *-----

Ground Rent of Cumberland House -

Rent of Mote Park - ......

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786. 1 In the Year ending the 5th January 1804. In the Year 5th Janus ending the iry 1804.

r 1

£■ s. d. £. d. £ J. £■ '■ d.

460 3 4 460 3 4 —-

480 0 0 - - - - 480 0 0

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

2,000 0 0 - - - - 2,000 0 0

500 0 0 500 0 0 — —

510 0 0 510 0 0 — —

570 5 0 570 5 0 — —

587 9 11 587 9 11 — —

600 0 0 600 0 0 — —

600 0 0 - - - - 600 0 0

600 0 0 - - - - 600 0 0

900 0 0 600 0 0 - - - 300 0 0

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 e —

1.37* 10 0 1.372 10 0 — —

1,582 17 6 1,732 0 e 149 2 6 —

1,500 0 0 - - - - 1,500 O

1,666 *3 4 2,250 0 0 583 6 8 —

2,000 0 0 2,000 0 0 — —

3*000 0 0 3,000 0 0 — —

3,466 *3 4 2,31613 4 - - 1,150 O

4,000 0 0 4,000 0 0 — —

4,100 0 0 4,100 0 0 — —

5,680 0 0 - - - - 5,680 0 0

5i68o 0 0 - - - - 5,680 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0

600 - 0 0 600 0 0 —

25 0 a 25 0 0 —

t * 3.350 0 0 3>35o 0 0 —

81,440 0 1 62,529 5 1 5.96711 9 24,878 6 9

8,000 0 0 8,000 0 0

4»°22 0 0 4,022 0 0 — —

1,800 0 0 1,800 0 0 — —

13.822 0 0 13,822 0 0 — —

5,000 0 0 25,000 0 0

10,000 0 0 10,000 %o 0 — —

20,000 0 0 11,218 2 4 - 8,781 17 8

13,000 0 0 10,500 0 0 - - 2,500 0 0

3,000 0 0 4,618 18 8 1,618 18 8 —

200 0 0 80 0 0 - - 120 0 0

7>5°° 0 0 20,000 0 0 12,500 0 0 —

2,806 1 0 - - - 2,806 1 0

2,500 0 0 1^77615 6 - - 723 4 6

12,000 0 0 - - - - 12,000 0

2,000 0 0 4,800 0 0 2,800 0 0 —

1,500 0 0 V

J 40,73812 0 39>238 12 0

1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 —. —

800 O O 800 0 0 — —

M —* 00 4 0 1,718 4 0 — —

6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 — —

1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 — —

900 0 0 900 0 0 — —

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

220 16 0 - - - - 220 16 0

316 18 6 - - - 316 18 f

323 16 6 324 8 6 0 12 0

44 Geo. lit*

Appendix

641

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (B.)

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS—continued.

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury -

D0 ----- Kensington Palace and Garden -

Expences of Windsor Great Park -

Fees, See. on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury - For the Relief of certain French Protestants Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons Secretary of State Foreign Department, for Contingencies -----for Messengers

----- - for Deficiency of Fees

D° - - - Home Department, for Contingencies .-.-•--.--for Messengers -----for Deficiency of Fee

-----for Law Advice

- - War Department - for Contingencies

D

for Messengers

he \ ;}

-----for Deficiency of Fee

Treasury — Deficiency of Fees -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs

D° ----- of Committee for Trade and Plantations

D0 - of the Privy Seal Office -

Hfe Majesty'fc Charity to sundry Objects in Distress, paid at the Treasury - ----- £. 1,200 o

Foes, &c. on the Receipt of that ... 32 13

Presenta to Foreign Ministers on their return Home

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries

Governor of the Kle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts

Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage -

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements

Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine

Vaudois Churches -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer and Officers of the Tally Court

Police Office, Bow-street ......

Pensions to Foreign Ministers on signing Conventions, &c.

Expences of St James’s and Hyde Parks -

- Lord Chamberlain, to pay Messengers Bills - - - '

Contingent Expences, of the State Paper Office -

’ Keeper of the Lions in the Tower, for Extra Expences -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List: r Increase: Decreale:

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786. In the Year | ending the 5 th January 1804. In the Year 5th Janui ending the ary 1804.

( 1

£■ s. d. £• *• £. $. d. £• *• 4‘

54 14 0 52 14 0 —* —

O O O * 156 0 0 — —

4,000 0 0 4,600 0 0 600 0 0 —

1,741 12 O *>749 19 6 *7 6 —

2,000 0 0 1,512 6 g - 487 1J 3

500 O O - 500 0 0

1,409 O O 2,600 O O 1,406 0 0 16,000 0 0 ) 300

2,000 O O 22.000 0 0 7)534 i° 8' 9.000 0 0 6.000 0 0 5*346 4 3 1,095 6 0 10.000 0 0 V 42,934 10 8 ^19,441 10 s

- 5,000 0 0 > 15,000 0 0 —

*5,57* 16 5 J 15,578 16 5 —

2,000 Of O - . 2,000 6 0

250 0 0 3,662 7 11 3,412 7 11 —

700 O O - m 76 0 0

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 $ — —

1,500 0 0 i,759 14 6 259 14 6 —

1,000 a 0 2^588 8 0 1,588 8 0 —

500 Cl 0 318 15 4i - ill 4 7*1

218 a 8 219 7 6 O 18 10 —

400 0 0 336 14 1 . 69 5 12.

98 14 0 100 16 0 220 —

1,345 10 4 1,828 5 4 482 15 6 —

300 0 0 i,577 6 3 1,277 6 3

12,743 5 -6 »2,743 5 6 —

- 13,069 7 6 13,969 7 6 —

- 167 14 10 167 14 10 —

-• i,5i5 * 1 *-,515 2 1 —

- 435 »3 435 13 —

- - - 114 3 6 ' 1*4 3 —

138,476 4 6 392,762 9 74 185,690 6 6j 3M°4 5i

ABSTRACT.

t ■

£. s. d. £. d. £• s. d. £• '• d.

Amount of lft CLASS - 203,500 0 0 202,500 0 0 * * 1,000 0 0

1 1 1 1 i 1 1 -o C4 - 32,955 0 0 32,995 0 0 — —

3d * - 70,*52 2 10 106,936 6 84 36,084 3 loj —

4* 147,200 0 0 226,710 8 si 79,510 8 5f —

5 th ----- 90,965 15 5 97,539 4 11 6,573 9 6 —

6th - 118,189 3 2 113,096 7 4 - - 5,092 15 10

7 A 81,440 .0 1 62,529 5 l - m 18,910 15 0

8th - * - 13,822- 0 0 13,822 0 0 — —

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS - - 138,476 4 .6 292,762 9 74 154,286 5 14 —

L 897,400 6 0 1,148,851 2 14 276454 6 114 25,003 10 10

"Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,) fa Vanflttart*

27 th February 1804. J

Vo L SS* S A

Appendix*

(No. 30,) 290 Mar Hi

continued. , -

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Martiiy

continued.

642 Appendix. A. 1804.

Appendix (F.)—The PENSIONS and ALLOWANCES

FIRST

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family. Estimated in 1786. e

r 5 January 1787. 5 January 1788. 5 January 1789. 5 January 1790. 5 January . 1791- 5 January 179*2. 5 January 1793* 5 January 1794^ 5 January 1795* 5 January 1796/

£■ £■ £■ £■ £■ £. s. d. £■ £■ £■ £■ £■

His Majesty's Privy Puise - 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 # 60,000 60,000 0 0 00,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 00,000

The Queen - 58,000 56,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 0 0 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000

The Prince of Wales - 50,000 50,000 57,60° 60,000 60,000 60,000 0 0 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000

Duke of York, Prince William,

and the other Princes 14,500 11,000 — — ' - —

Duke of Cumberland - 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 6,23913 9i ——

Princess Amelia 12,000 9,600 ——

Duke of Clarence- - - 3,500 3,500 3?5oo 9,875 12,000 0 0 3,oooo

Princes William, Edward,

Ernest, Augustus, and

Adolphus - 8,500 6,000 6,000 - — —

Duke of York - - - - 6,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 0 0 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000

The Princes Edward, Ernest,

Augustus, and Adolphus -- - - - - 8,500 0 0 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 CO Cn 0 0

Duchess Dowager of Cum-

berland - - * - - 1,226 16 of 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000

The Prince of Wales, for

Support of the Princess

£■ 203,500 198,500 202,500 208,500 214,875 217,966 9 ioi 205,500 202,500 202,500 202,500 202,500

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

643

to The ROYAL FAMILY.

CL AS S.

YEARS Ended - Appendix (D.) L

I 1 CLASS II. ■

5 January 5 January 5 January 5 January 5 January 5 January 5 January 5 January

1 1797- 1798. * 17<J9- 1800 1801. 1802. 1803. 1804. The SALARIES of the Chancellor, the Speake

- flnrl tVi#» TrrnriPft nf F.vnx ivn nnrl Wa t tq

£■ c £■ £■ £■ £■ £■ '

60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 . 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 YEARS Estimate of 1786. Charge.

58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 Ended 5 th January 32,955 0 0 £> s. d.

1787 - 32,361 2 O

60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 1788 - - - 32,433 15 9k

1789 - - - 32,813 5 7i

— — , - — 1790 - 32,748 H 6

- 1791 - - 32,125 0 0

1792 - - - 32,955 0 0

— — * - — 1793 - - 32,960 0 0

t794 - - - 32,897 2 6

625 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 1795 - - 32,948 3 7h

1796 - - - - 32,955 0 0

1797 * - - 32,320 0 0

1798 - 32,955 0 0

12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 1799 - - - 32,955 0 0

1800 w — - - . - 32,955 0 0

9,000 9,000 9,000 2,250 — — — . - 1801 - - 32,955 0 0

1802 - - 32,955 0 0

1803 - - - 32,178 2 lij

4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000: 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 1804 - - - 32,955 0 0

5,967 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000

6,000 4,000 —

208,967 209,000 209,265 204,750 202,500 208,500 206,500 202,500

Appendix,

(No. 30.) 29° Martiiy

continued.

pendix, o. 30.) Marti?,

ntiutied.

544 Appendix. A. 1804.

Appendix (E.)—SALARIES TO 1

, THIRD CLASS: Eftmited AnnuaiCharge ' - . In the YEARS Endina

SALARIES to Ministers to Fore ten Courts, as laid betoie

Parliament in

being Resident *tt the said Courts* 1786. 17 87. 1788. 1789. —. 1 1 790. 1791. 1792. 3 79 3- 17 & 4- »795-

FRANCE: £■ *• d. £■ i. d. £■ s. d. £■ 1. d. £■ 1. d. £■ s. d. £■ 1. d. £■ s. a £■ a. d. £■ .. d.

Ambassador Extra and Plenip5. £. 100 a week, 3t 8,342 1! _ 8,34* 3i

£.5,2:4.5. *. j I>° - - Extri Disbursementa - - i,6co. o. o. > M »4 5 8 6,8i4 5 8 7.59* 8 61 8,365 14 17 5,* 34 5 8!* 17 5,305 14 *" * * m m

I, X30 0 0 1,130 0 0 1,130 0 0 M3S 6 9 1,130 0 0 ,130 0 0 1,230 0 0 393 *i ——

Secretary to the Embassy, 40*. a day 730. 0. 0 ? D° - Extra Disbursements 400 0. 0. J

Minister Plenipo. ----- 480 0 0 207 0 0 201 0 0 4S3 0 0 468 0

Envoy Extraordinary 5,2 50 0 0 2,610 0 0

Comroiflary for Commerce ... - - - 60 0 0 —*

Secretary to D® - 40 0 0

SPAIN:

Ambassador Bxtrf and- "Henipg. £.100 a week, 5>*»4- 5- 8- I V

6, Sl+ 5 8 1,250 16 10} 4,205 14 35 3,36,14 3i 8,34* »7 8,34* 17 *m» *7 8,385 *4 3* *»34* 4 6.948 N 4

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - 1,600. 0. o.J Secrdlry to the Embrafty, 40s. a diy, 730. 0. 0. J - - Extri Disbursements - - - 400. 0. 0. S 18 1,13% litJP 2,130 0

1,130 0 0 i»337 8 6 :»13° 0 0 980 9 0 M3o 0 0 1,113 10 O 1,0 xc O 0 0 0 0

S

Minister Plented® - 1,095 0 0 1,095 0 0 687 0 0 126 0 0 s8* 0 O 1,8*5 190 38

Commifiary for Commerce - - _ 1,825 0 0 1,825 0 0 1,830 0 0 1*825 0 0 1,825 0 0 0 0 0 O O O

Secretary to Da - -- - 3S5 0 0 3^5 0 0 366 0 0 36c 436 0 0 365 0 O 360 0 0 366 0 0 0 0

0 0 281 0 O - 65X 0 O *95 0 O 1,056 0 0

PORTUGAL:

Minister Extr5 and Plenipo. £ 8 a day, £. 2,910 ? D° - - Extri Disbursements - - - - 300 J 3,220 0 0 4,1 x4 10 0 3467 0 0 3,228 0 0 3,2*0 0 0 3.*0 0 0 3,220 0 0 3,* 0 O 3,220 0 6 3,210 0 0

212 0 O ——

Secretary of Legation ----- - - - * " ' * ■m * •

TURIN:

Envoy Extra, £. 5a day - - - - £. 1,825. > D° - - Extri DifMirfementi - - - - 40c. J "2,215 0 0 2.1*5 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,782 0 0 3>3*o 0 0 3,3*9 0 O 3»3*° e 0 3»3*V O 3,5* 0 6 3,220 0 0

Secretary of Legation, ab 201. a day - -■ _ . - m - - m - . - -

Charge des Affaire* ----- - - - * * m " •

NICt:

Vice Consul ----- 34® 0 0 2$5 0 0 322 s 340 0 0 340 0 0 344 0 O 340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0

NAPLES:

Envoy Extra and Plenipa. £. 8 a day - £. 2,920 } D° - - Extra Disbursements - - - - 400 $ 3,320 0 0 3,32° 0 0 3>3*o 0 0 3.3* 0 0 3>3*o O 0 3,3*0 0. O 3.3*0 0 0 3.3* 0 O 3.3*o 0 0 3,3*0 0 0

FLORENCE:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. 8 a day - £.2,910 7 D® — Extri Difborltmencs - - 400) 3,320 0 0 2,960 1 >3 0 998 10 0 *,130 0 0 2,225 O 0 2,2*5 0 O *.777 0 0 3-3*8 0 O 3.3*« 0 0 2,121 6 0

i 730 0 0 98 0 0 m m 108 0 O 148 0 0 - -

VENICE;

Residenf, £. 3 a day - - £. 1,095 7 D° - - Extra Diffurfements - - 400 3 I>49S 0 0 ! *»49S 0 0 1.495 0 0 >>49® 0 c M9S O 0 1,495 0 d 630 2 6 M9* 0 O I.4l8 7 Oi M95 0 0

i 141 0 O 224 0 0 —

SWlsr CANTONS: -

Charge des Affaires ----- 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 *50 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

1,029 10 8J 1.579 0 0 1.575 0 0

CONSTANTINOPLE:

Ambassador, £.32 day -----Secretary of Legation ----- 1,095 O 0 1,095 0 1,095 0 0 1,098 0 1.095 O 0 1,095 Q 0 1.095- 0 0 1,098 0 O 1.404 a 0 - 7,929 0 0

HOLLAND:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. 10 a day - £. 3,6 $0 ) 8,542 8,365 3i •i 7,168 11 T

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - i,6oo $ 5>25° 0 0 5.»so 0 0 50 0 0 7.845 9 4i |6>230 3 0 8,34* 17 17 *1 14 8,34* 17 sl

Secretary to said Embassy -----Charge des Aftaires - - -Deputy Conlervator at Campvere 120 0 0 no 0 0 120 0 0 939 *5 120 0 6 O 2,262 120 9 0 6 0 i>574 120 4 0 K> O 1,130 348 120 0 0 0 0 0 0 i» *3* 387 I 20 0 0 0 0 O O 1,130 663 120 0 0 0 0 0 0 8f6 0 366 0 120 0 0 0 0

His Majesty’s Agent at Rotterdam - 243 0 0 124 0 0 248 0 0 24* 0 0 248 0 0 248 0 0 248 0 0 248 0 O 248 0 0 248 0 0

VIENNA:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.8 a day - £.2,920 ) 4.8*0

U° - - Extra Diiburfeuicivts - - 600 $ 3,520 0 0 3»52° 0 0 3.5*0 0 0 3.5*8 0 0 0 0 5»*5° 0 O 5»*5° 0 0 5,260 0 0 5»*5° 0 0 2,017 2 6

Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires - ' . 87 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 O 365 0 0 366 0 O 365 0 0 365 0 0

Envoy Extri and Minister Plenipo. £. 100 a week I98 0 0 556 0 0 " 486 0 X) 232 0 O 106 0 0 494 0 si

BRUSSELS:

Minister Plenipo. £. 5 a day - - - £.1,825 } 2,225 0

- - Extra Disbursemcats - - - - 400 \ 0 2,225 0 0 2,2*5 0 0 2,230 0 0 *»*5 0 0 *»4*5 0 2,225 0 0 *,658 3 11 *,*5 0 0 2*225 O 0

48 0 O 54 0 0 —

RUSSIA:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.8 a day, - £.2,920 )

- - Extra Disbursements - - too 5 3.520 0 0 3»520 0 0 3,166 X 0 M* 4 0 3.5*o 0 0 3*5*0 0 0 6,060 12 10 3.834 2 7l 3,5»o 0 0 3>520 0 0

Secretary of Legation -Charge des Affaires - 167 . 0 0 366 0 0 365 0 0 36S 0 O 37* 0 0 366 0 0 365 0 0 185 0 0

Secretary of Embassy 640 0 0 658 0 0

D° - - Disbursements -

BERLIN:

invoyExtra 6c Minister Plenipo. £.& a day, 2,020 )

- - Extri Disbursements - . \0o \ 3»32o 0 0 3,320 0 0 3.32° 0 0 2,851 0 0 2*678 0 0 3>3*° 0 O 3.3*o 0 0 3,3*8 0 0 410 0 0 3*4 5 6

Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires - - . _ 360 0 0 180 0 0 360 0 0 *9i 13 ■i 365 0 0 36$ 0 O 365 0 0 366 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0

Ambassador Extra and Plenipo. - 444 0 0 4*4 0 O 368 0 0 64. 1,074 0 5 0 731 0 8,34* »7 0 i{

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

641

MINISTERS TO FOREIGN COURTS.

the Fifth day of January.

1796.

£■ s.

6,102 17 2

1,130 o o 825 o o

270 o o 3,220 o o

3,220 o o 184 o o

340 o o

3,3^0 o o

2,225 0 0

1,495 ® o

1,575 0 o

1,095 0 0

6,354 5 <56 o

90 o 186 o

5>*5°

365 o

1,346 4 9

4,820 o o

1797-

£- I. d.

*,151 8 7

564 o o

546 o o 3,228 o o

3,328 o o

179 8.

£. d.

3,220 O O

3,320 o o

366 o c 365 o 0} 490 o o(

340 o o

3,328 o c

2,230 o o

1,498 o o

1,578 o o

552 o o

5,260 o o 366 o o

5,260 o o

2,940 11 3)

365 0 oS

346 0 0

4*37 I°i

VOL. 59

3,694 o o

340 o o

3,320 o o

2,225 o o

1,495 0 0

1,575 o 365 o o

1,095 0 0

5,250 o o 369 o o

1 7 99-

£. d.

3,220 o O

3.320 o o 545 ° ° 340 o o

3.320 O O'

,225 0 o 280 o o

365 o o

2 '■’O

275

5,250 o o 365 o o

5,250 o o

3,320 o o 365 o o

5.250 o o

3,685 o o

1 800.

C d.

3,220 O o

*395 o 0

74 12 2‘

3,320 o o

2,486 o o

90 o o

3,928 II 4i 365 o o

S,i2i 8 6i

487 4 o

5,250 o o 275 o o

1801.

£ *• d.

4,692 o o 422 o o

1,395 0

6,240 o o

3,320 O- o

5.214

365

5 n

o o

5>*14 5 7: 609 8 o

5»3?o 14 3

730 o o

5,250 o o 365 o o

4,293 XI 4

416 o o

1 802.

£• *• d%

3*6*9 3 4 125 o o

2*395 0 0

2,953 x8 o 159 o o

3,320 o o

1803.

£ d.

6,285 14 3 Ambalfador Ext' and Plen. £ 160 a week,

of a year.

550 o o Secretary of Embassy, ^.2a day - - D°.

300 o o

825 o o Minister Plen. £.3 a day.

*,628 11 208 o o

SPAIN:

Envoy Ext’ and Plen. £ ico a week. Charge des Affaires.

2,920

400

o c

o o

278 o o

1,095 o o 300 o o

x,39° 0 0

4-o 0 0

696 0 0

365 0 0

96 0 0

2,920 o o 400 o o

— 1 l 1

5>2i4 5 1 C 5.*4 5

365 0 0 , 730 0 0

662 19 4 \ 400 0 0

— * 855 0 0

— 3,9*8 11 4i

5/57 * 9-i C5,2*4 5 8

588 11 8£ / I 365 O O

C. 244 0 0

r 8,342 17 iJ

6,494 2 r 3

4,20s 14 3

365 O O,

9° 0 0

522 0 O 73° 0 0

284 12 3'i 400 0 0

- 840 0 0

5,3 •* 5 8 3>9J4 5 8

* - ) 45° 0 0

I 666 0 0

8 B

FRANCE:

D° - - Ext’ Disbursements.

PORTUGAL:

Envoy Ext’ and Plen. £ % $ day. D° - - Ext’ Difbortemencs.

Secretary of Legation, £. x a day.

TURIN*. Minister Plen. ^.3 1 day.

D° - - Ext* Disbursements.

NAPLES:

Envoy Ext* £. 5 a day, i of a year.

D° - - Ext* Disbursements.

Envoy Ext* and Plen. £. 8 day, J of a yeai.

Secretary of Legation, £ 1 a day.

Charge des Affaires.

FLORENCE:

Envoy Ext* and Plen. £.8 a day. 1)° - - Ext* Disbursements.

CONSTANTINOPLE: AmbalTador Ext* and Plen. £. 100 a week Secretary of Embalfy, £ 2 a day.

D® - - Ext' Disbursements.

Minister Plen.

BATAVIAN REPUBLIC: Envoy Ext* and Plen. £• 100 a week.

VIENN A:

Ambassador Extra and Plenipo. £. 100 a week.

Secretary of Legation, £, 1 a day.

D° - - Additional Allowance.

• RUSSIA:

Ambassador Extra and PleaipO. £.160 a

wet k.

D° - - D° - - - - £ a year.

Seer* tary of Legation, £. 1 a day, of a year.

Secretary of Embassy, £ 2 a day.

D° - - lor Extra Disbursements. Minister Plen.

BERLIN:

Envoy Extra and Plenip5. £. too a week | t year.

Secretary of Legation.

Charge des A Hanes.

i 804.

£. t. d.

3.357 * 5* 362 o o 100 o o

5*2X4 5 * 600 o o

FRANCE:

Ambassador Ext* and Plen. for part of a

yearT

Secretary of EmbafTy.

Ext* Disbursements. -

SPAIN:

Envoy Ext* and Plen. £ 100 a week. Secretary of Legation.

PORTUGAL:

2.920 o o Envoy Ext’ and Plen. £,% a day — - - Ext* Disburserncnta.

400 o o

184 o o Secretary of Legation.

1,095 0 0 300 o o

5,214 5 8

a

o o o o

2,920 o 400 o o

5*2H 5

73° 0 0 1

400 0 o I

501 0 0 1

3*97i 8 6*

TUR I Ni

Minister Plen. ^.31 day.

Ext* Disbursements.

NAPLES:

Envoy Ext* and Plen. £ 100 a week.

Secretary of Legation* Charge des Act tires.

FLORENCE:

Envoy Ext* and Plea. £ 8 a day. D° - Ext* Disbursements.

5*14 5 8

600 0 0

650 0 0

5*214 5 8

365 0 0

244 0 0

CONSTANTINOPLE:

D® - Ext* Disbursements.

Mioift:r P*en. £. 3 a day for 167 dys. cnbair.iv.or Ext’ and Plen. £ 100 a week J of a year.

BATAVIAN REPUBLIC:

Envoy Ext’ and Plen. £. 100 a week.

(Secretary of Legation.

Charge des Aftairei.

VIENNA:

AmbalTador Extra and Plenipo. £ 100 a w'ck.

Secretary of Legation, £ 1 a day.

D° - Additional Allowance*

2,057 2 10J 3,34a 17 ii

730 o o 400 o o

5,214 5 8

450 o o

RUSSIA:

AmbalTador Extra ar d Plenipo £ 160 a werk, for 'fa ye>r.

An balDdor Extra and Plenipo. £. 160 a week.

Secretary of EmbafTy, fn <jav.

D° - - for Extra Disbursements.

BERLIN:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £* joo a week.

Secretary of Legation.

646

Appendix

A. 1804.

tendix, >. 30.) Martii,

timed.

SALARIES TO MINISTERS

THIRD CLASS—continued. Estimated Annual Charge as laid before — — — — RS

SALARIES toMinisters to Foreign Courts, being Resident at the said Courts- Parliament in 1786. r 1787. 1788. 1789. 179 0. 1791- 1792. 1 793* >7 94- *795-

— y SWEDEN: £. £■ '• d. £■ u i. £■ *• d. £. ,.d. £■ *. d. £. d. £. t. d. £- *. d. £• *• d.

Envoy Extra at Stockholm, £. 5 R d*y, £• h%2$ } 2,225 O O 2,225 0 0 1,398 x6 6 836 II O 2,225 O O 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,230 0 0 3,247 9 6 *>778 19

D® - - Extra DisbursemenU - - 400 S 556 0 0 268 0 0 366 0 0 378 0 0 365 0 0

Charge des Affaires - Minister Plcnipo. - - - - ~ Secretary of Legation - - * 198 0 0 730 0 0 35 x 0 0 732 o_o — — 84 0 0 3«5 00

DENMARKf

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.8» day - £. 2,920 } 3,320 O O 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3>3* o_° 3,310 0 0 3,310 O O 3,161 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,225 ©©

D® - - Extra Disbursements - - 400 S 365 0 0 730 0 0 366 0 0 620 0 0 0 0 0 0 «*■ 40 t>.

Secretary of Legation - Charge dea Affaires ----- " - - - - *• - - 320 0 0 — — - 195 0 0

POLAND:

Minister at Warsaw, £.3 a day - - £. i>©95 ) 1,495 ® 0 1,495 0 0 1,495 0 0 1,685 12 3 1,225 0 0 2,225 O O 1,899 I 7 1,498 0 0 1,495 0 0 M9S 00

D° - - Extra Disbursemenii - - - 400 j DRESDEN:

Envoy Extra, £ - 5 a day - - - £• *>8*5 ) 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,777 0 0 3,310 O O 3,320 0 0 3,328 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - - 400 $ 366 0 0

Secretary of Legation * HANS TOWNS; 55 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0

Minister, £. 3 a day - £ *>095) D° - - Extra Diiburfcmenta - - 300 S Chaigi des Affaires ----- ELECTOR PALATINE: x,395 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,398 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,126 6 8 1,395 0 256 0 0 1,398 0 0 1,395 0 0 i,395 0 0

Minister at Ruifcjn, £. 3 a day - £. 1,095 ) D° - - Extra Diibftrfements - - - 300 J Secretary of Legation - - - - -ELECTOR or COLOGNE: 1,395 0 0 1,395 0 0 x,395 0 0 1,994 0 0 2,125 0 0 2,125 0 0 2,125 0 0 2,130 0 0 2,125 0 0 2,125 0 0

Minister, £. 3 a diy - - - £• 1,095 } D° - - Extra Disburicmenta - 300 S x>395 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,398 0 0 *,395 0 0 1,395 0 0 1,395 0 © 1,398 0 0 1,395 0 0 *>395 00

GENOA: 756 1 11$

AMIENS: Secretary of Legation -----Assistant Secretary ----- - - 1 - . - - - - . *>495 ©°

MALTA:

Minister PlenipS. £.3 a day D° - - Extra Disbursements - - - -: :: - - . - - - . -

AMERICA:

Secretary of Legation -Charge des Affaires - 1,120 O O 2,230 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,245 o°

Minister to Landgrave of Hesse Cassel - ' 400 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0

Consul at Madrid ----- 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 I, COO 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0^0 1,000 0 0

D° - at Cadis ----- 200 O O 200 0 0 200 O O 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 O G 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0

D° - at Carthagena - 300 O O 300 0 0 3OO O O 300 0 0 300 O O 300 0 0 300 0 0 300 0 0 300 0 0 3 CO 0 0

D® - at Naples ----- 400 O O 400 0 0 400 0 0 400 0 0 400 O O 400 0 0 400 O O 400 0 0 400 0 0 400 0 u

D® - at Corunna - - - * - 25O O O 250 O O' 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 OO 250 0 0 250 00 250 0 0

D® - at Genoa ----- 25O O O 137 1* 8$ 250 0 0 250 00 150 O O 250 0 0 25O O O 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

Consul General at Morocco - - - - Soo 0 0 990 O O 1,180 0 0 1*180 0 0 I,l8o O O 1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0

D® - - - at Tunis ----- 500 0 0 500 O O 571 2 8 800 0 0 800 O O 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 C

D® - - - at Tripoli - - £ 380 - - - -) 380 O O} - 492 10 0/

D° Extra Dilburse- > 630 0 0 > 63O O O > 630 0 0 > S5S 3 5/ ( 917 7 u£> 1,010 0 0 > >.3"5 * *i / «>3*5 3 5 >

200 0 0

D° - - - at Algiers - - £.600 - * ■) 6co 0 0 * ' 600 OO^ * A 600 0 o\ A * A ) 750 o<A

D® Extra Disburie- v 1.085 11 6 V - *»397 >4 6 > A >.135 * 3 \ r,34* 1 3i / 1,685 XI 6 n J.91* 7 3/ )

ments. - - - 485 xi 6 j - - -) 300 0 0 400 O O - V 4CO 0 0

Consul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges 200 O O 200 0 0 200 O O 200 O O 200 0 0 100 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 100 0 0 200 0 0

D° - at Massachusetts Bay, Sec. - 125 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0

D® - at Trieste 120 O O 120 O O 6 6 8 222 IO 6} 250 0 0 250 0 0 25O O O 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

200 0 0 800 0 0 Soo 0 0 800 0 0 850 0 0 800 0 0

D® - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica 200 0 IOO O O 200 0 0 200 O O 200 0 0 204 3 4 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

D° at North and South Carolina and Georgia - - 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

Consul General at America .... 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,730 10 0 1,730 10 0 1,730 10 0

D° - and Commissary to United States in D® - - 618 15 0 825 0 0 825 O O 825 0 0 825 0 0 1,075 0 0 1,075 0 0 !,34° 4 0 1.3*7 0 0

Consul General to Grand Cairo - - - 350 0 0’ 350 0 0 350 0 0 350 OO 350 0 0 350 0 0 350 0 0 350 0 0 1x2 10 0

Consul at Amsterdam - - 200 O O 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 O O 200 0 0 JOO 0 0 ——- *T s

£- 70,852 2 10 75,266 I II 78,286 IJ 3i 81,323 3 6^86,733 11 0* 87,786 12 9 95»673 7 7 97>9°9 *5 4i *7«44» *!-•;

4 Geo. III.

Appendix.

647

O FOREIGN COURT S—

ie 5th Day of January

1796. 1797- 1798. 1 799* 1800. 1 8ai. 1802.

£■ i. d. £■ t. d. £. i. £ f* d. £■ i. d. £■ s. d. & s. d.

,120 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 O O 2,225 O O 2,225 0 0 1,125 0 0 2*3 *7 9

730 O O 182 0 0 - - •- - 492 0 0 178 0 0

365 0 0 366 O O 365 O O 365 O O 365 O O 365 0 0 365 0 0

>2^5 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 ° ° 2,225 O O 2,225 0 0 2,115 0 0 2*3 *7 9

365 0 p 366 0 0 365 0 0 365 O O

73O 0 0 330 0 0 484 0 0

743 0 0 — -

1,320 0 0 3,318 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3»32° 0 0 3,3*0 0 0 3,320 0 0

365 0 0 366 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0 365 0 0

>.395 0 0 1,398 0 0 1,395 0 0 *,395 0 0 *>395 0 0 *.395 0 0 *>395 0 0

60 0 0 716 0 0 * *

1,125 0 0 2,130 0 0 2,125 0 0 1,125 0 0 2,200 0 0 *>215 0 0 2,225 0 0

482 0 0 502 0 0 - -

320 0 0

>>39S 0 0 1,398 0 0 1,395 0 0 *>395 0 0 *>395 0 0 *>395 0 0 1,242 0 0

.495 0 0 »*49* 0 0 1,495 0 0 — —

' 130 0 0

93 7 9i

,690 0 0 2>945 16 ii 3,320 0 0^ m

- - 304 0 0 365 0 0 > 4,685 0 0 4,685 0 0 4,685 0 0 4*685 0 0

286 0 0 262 0 0 v#

500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 500 0 0 2x1 6 9}

,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 I, COO 0 0 x,oco 0 0 1,000 0 0 I,coo c 0 I, CCO 0 0

200 0 0. 200 0 0 200 O O 2CO 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0

3 GO 0 0 300 0 0 300 O O 300 0 0 300 0 0 30O 0 0 300 0 0

400 0 0 * 400 0 0 200 0 0 - 400 0 0 4CO 0 0 400 0 0

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 O O 25O 0 0 250 0 0 — —

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 O O 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 25O 0 0

,180 0 0 1,180 0 0 I,l8o O O i,:So 0 0 1,180 0 0 I,l8o 0 0 i,iSo 0 0

800 0 0 800 0 0 800 O O 800 0 0 8co 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

380 0 o'}

380 0 0 380 0 0 830 0 0 830 0 0 830 0 0 830 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0 2C0 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0 2Q0 0 0

600 1 0 o'}

- j 609 17 9 -5 917 O 2 600 0 0 x,ai7 3 o-I *85 5 0 1,252 0 6

400 0 0 400 0 0 400 O O 400 0 0 480 0 c 480 0 0 480 0 0

ISO 0 0 - —

500 0 0 500 0 0 5CO O O 500 0 0 8co 0 0 800 0 0 8co 0 0

25O 0 0 25c 0 0 250 O O 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

8co 0 0 8 co O O 800 O O 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

250 0 0 250 O O 250 O O 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

8 co 0 0 800 O O 800 O O 5* 2 2\ 8co 0 0 8co 0 0 800 0 0

730 10 0 1,730 IO O 1,730 10 0 1,730 1 to 0 1,649 11 1 *>73°: ro 0 1,730 10 0

337 0 0 >,387 O O 1,387 O O *,3*7 0 0 1,729 16 8 *>75° 0 0 *>750 0 0

200 0 0 - —

->34: II 9> 71,58° 13 31 63,614 IO 2 5*653 12 2\ 68,047 1 *i 71,996 5 8 -i 65*84 > 1 10*

1803.

£. s. d.

s 1,380 o o

J 300 o o i 90 o o

2,375 o o 338 17 9 275 o o 576 o o

r 2,920 O O \ 400 o o

< 565 o o

i 183 o o V. 204 o o

270 o o 75 o o

730 o o

186 o o

905 o o i *>472 o o

400 o o 399 o o 362 o. o

S 1,095 o o ( 300 o o

730 o o 400 o o

5 828 o o

( 225 o o

s

720 o o

350 o o 365 o o

730 o o

500 o o

500 o o 380 o o 300 o o 400 o o

250 00

1,180 o» o 800 o o

SWEDEN:

ivoy Extra at Stockholm, £. 5 of a year.

D° - - Extra Disbursements. Secretary of Legation.

DENMARK:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. 8 a day* D° - - Extri Disbursements. Secretary of Legation*

Charge des Affaires.

DRESDEN:

Envoy Exti£ and PlenipC. £.8 a day* D® - - Extra Disbursements. Secretary of Legation, £. x a day*

D° - Additional Allowance*

Chargl des Affaires.

HANS TOWNS:

Resident, £ 3 day, for £ of a year.

D° — Extra Dilbuisements.

Charge des Affaires, £.2 a day*

Agent.

ELECTOR PALATINE:

Envoy Extra, at £. 5 a day, { a year. ~ ivoy Extra and Plenipo. £. 8 a aay, a year.

Extra Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation.

Charge des Affaires.

ELECTOR of COLOGNE: Minister Plenip5. 3 a day.

D° - - Extra Disbursements.

AMIENS:

Secretary of Embassy, £. 2 a day. D° - - Extra Disbursements.

MALTA:

Minister Plenipo. £, 3 a day.

D° - - Extra Disbursements.

AMERICA:

ivoy Ext' and Plen. £.Sa day, { D° - - Ext’ Dilburicmenrs. Secretary of Legation. £ 1 a day.

Charge des Affaires, £.2 a day.

3S0

t 450

200 o e

5 600 o o

t 701 »7 3

480 o

8co o

250 o

8co o 250 o 60 o 8co o

1,730 10

1,75° 0

Minister to Landgrave Heffc Caffe!*

Consul at Madrid.

D° - Cadix. v

D® - Carthagena.

D® - Naples.

D® - Genoa.

Consul General at Morocco.

D° - at Tunis.

D° - at Tripoli.

D® - - Ext' Disbursements.

Consul General at Zante*

D° - - ar Algiers.

D° - - Ext’ Disbursements.

Consul and Agent Lower Saxony*

Consul at Massachusetts Bay, &c.

D° - at Trieste.

D° - at Virginia.

D° - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica. D° - D° additional Allowance.

D° - at North and South Carolina ai Georgia.

Consul General to America.

D° - - and Commissary to United Stat in D°.

1 804;

£■ d.

*.*5 0 0

400 0 0

1,390 0 0

300 0 0

2,920 0 0

400 0 0

365 0 0

*54 0 0

*>375 © 0

300 0 0

365 0 0

*44 0 0

654 0 0

730 0 ©

248 0 0

J 2,920 0 0

4C0 0 0

365 0 0

1,095 0 0

300 0 0

1,095 0 0

300 0 0

95° 0 0

2,920 0 a

1,400 0 0 1

*>375 0 0 1

300 0 0

0 8 *0 0 1

1,000 0 0 {

560 0 0

300 0 0

100 0 0

250 0 0

1,180 0 0 (

800 0 0

380 0 0 1

450 0 0

C 200 0 0 (

I 815 0 0 I

c *15 0 0

600 6 0

735 * 9

■fc 0 0 0 c

800 0 0

u Ul O ■O 0

8ao 0 0

25a 0 0

120 0 1 0

800 0 0

1,730 10 5 0 c

1,750 0 0

1,312 10 0 c

1,312 10 0

187 10 0

106,936 6

SWEDEN:

nvoy Extra, £. 5 a day.

D° - - Extra Disbursements* nvoy Extra £. 5 a day for |of a yea D° - Extra Disbursements.

DENMARK:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo £.9 2 day. D° - - Extia Disbursements. cretary of Legation £• l a day. Charge des Affaires*

DRESDEN:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. % 1 day, { of a year.

D° - Extra Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation £. 1 a day.

D® - - Additional Allowance.

Charge des Affaires*

HANS TOWNS:

Charge des Affaires £•%* day.

Agent.

ELECTOR PALATINE;

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. ^.81 day. Extra Dilbu.fements.

Secretary of Legation £12 day*

ELECTOR of COLOGNE) Minister Plenipo. ^.3 a day.

D® - - Extra Disbursements*

MALTA.

ter Plenipo. £, 3 a day.

Extra Disbursements.

Extra Extraordinaries.

AMERICA:

ivoy Extra’ and Plen, £. 8 a day.

(tra* Disbursements.

ELECTOR or WURTEMBURG;

ivoy Extra’ £. 5^ day.

D° - - Extra' Oil burfements.

Minister to Landgrave of Hesse Cassel.

onful at Madrid.

D® - Cadix.

D® - Carthagena*

D° - Naples.

D®

D®

Genoa.

■ at Tunis.

DJ - Extra* Disbursements*

'onful to Republic of Seven Islands

.efident, do

D® - - Extra* Disbursements.

onful at Algiers.

D° - - Ext' Disbursements.

Consul and Agent Lower Saxony.

-onful at Massachusetts Bay, &c.

D° - at Trieste.

D° - at Virginia.

'D° - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivic* D® - D additional.

D° - at North and South Carolina, 'onful General at America.

D° - - and Commissary to United State in D®.

)onful General at Grand Cairo, J of a yeai

D° - - at Albania and Mores, for 1 0 a year. 4

D° - - Civita Vecchia, J of a year.

Appendix, (No. jo.) 19* Martii,

continued.

648 Appendix. . 1804.

Appendix (F.)—A P P R O VE D BILLS OF ALL

FOURTH CLASS. j Estimated 1 Annual Charge of His Mjetty’s Civil Litt, as laid before - — — — IN THE YEARS ENDING

The APPROVED BILLS of all Parliament in 1786. r *7 87 1788. >7 89 1 79 0. 179 1- 1792. 179 3*

Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for j —-■

any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His MajeAj's Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord £■ >• d. £■ s. d. £■ 1. d. C $. d. £■ i. d. £. d. £. *. d. £■ s. d.

Chamberlain 43,cco 0 0 4is393 12 36,94* 5 8 36,460 17 xi 46,407 *5 65 4*,767 5 45 49*15* 9 45 53,768 16 21

D* - - - - of the Lord Steward 50,000 0 b 5°>S4* 8 4i 49.7*7 IV 4} 50*739 0 4 54.955 9 55 50,220 O 6 51,009 9 4l 56,714 4 5!

D° ..... of the Matter of the

Horse - 23,000 0 0 22,582 8 5 *1,470 19 11 22,012 10 X 22,202 1 8 22,098 8 XI 22,990 9 7 *S,8*j 11 6

D° - - - - of the Matter of the

Robes - 2,200 0 0 2,198 5 9i 1,94* 13 2 2,083 16 3l 2,429 6 4 2*37i 3 2 2,923 13 1 3,095 10 2

D° - - - - of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer - 1,200 0 0 i>332 XI 0 *.563 *9 11 1,228 7 6 I,*77 1 3 1,27* 9 XO 1,183 9 0 >,307 7 to

D* - - - - of the Usher of the Re-

ceipt of D° 7,coo 0 0 6,627 6 10 8.°57 18 *5 8*379 13 xc£ 8,216 18 4 *,417 3 35 9,4*5 9 5 9.704 16 *5

D°, for Printing, dec. 7,000 0 0 8,966 9 7,* jo *5 io}- 7>725 5 8 9,966 7 n’: 6,855 * of *1*775 2 5 14.964 »5

D°, for Stationary for the Houses of Lords

and Commons - 2,800 0 0 2,528 X O 1,569 16 °! 1,404 14 45 1,704 16 9i 1,95216 05 1,619 6 5 2 *.'99 11 81

D°of the Tradesmen tOtheYoung Princes 11,000 0 0 3,225 7 3 3,*04 X 5 - - 4,210 5 0 —' —

£■ 147,200 0 0 139,402 10 4i 131,710 2 130,034 5 i>i 5,»27° 2 35 135.954 8 25 150,079 8 H 1*67,578 *4 - T a*

FOURTH CLASS. Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil Litt, as hid before THE YEARS ENDING

Parliament in 1786. 1 1787. 17 8 8. 1789. 1790. 1791. 1792. * 7 9 3*

APPROVED BILLS within the . -

Department of ' £. ». * £• s. d. £■ 1. d. £• 3. d. £• s. d. £■ d. d. £■ X.

The Lord Chamberlain - - - - 45,000 0 0 ♦*>393 12 li 36,94* 5 8 36,460 17 11 46^07 *5 65 4*767 5 4i 49,152 9 45 53,768 l6 2’

The Lord Steward .... 50,000 0 0 jo. 54* 8 45 49,7*7 IX 41 50,739 0 4 54,955 9 si 50,220 O 6 51,009 9 4i 56,714 4 55

The Matter of the Horse ... 23,000 0 0 22,582 8 5 *M7° *9 11 22,0X2 10 1 22,202 1 8 22,098 8 11 22,990 9 7 *5.3*3 IX 6

The Matter of the Robes - 2,200 0 0 2,198 5 9l 1,94* 13 2 2,083 16 35 2,429 6 4 2>57i 3 2 2»923 >3 1 3-095 10 2

£ Il8,2CO 0 0 Il6,722 H 9 1XC,083 10 111,296 4 1 7l|i*5>994 12 11J *i7>456 >7 126,076 1 5 139>4°2 * 1

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer 1,200 O O *>332 XI 0 1,563 19 11 1,228 7 6 >*177 1 3 i,272 9 10 i.iSj 9 0 *,307 7 10

• The Usher of the Receipt of D* 7,000 0 0 6,627 6 10 8,057 18 H 8,379 13 10J 8,216 18 4 8,4*7 3 si 9-4*5 9 5 9*704 16

For Printing, &c. - - 7,000 0 0 8,966 9 6J 7»23° J5 IO> 7,725 5 8 9,966 7 111 6,855 1 O* ",775 * 5 14964 15 8‘

For Stationary for the Houses of Lords and

Commona 2,800 0 0 I 2,528 X 0 1,569 16 Ol 1,404 *4 4i 1,704 x6 9; 1,952 16 oi 1,619 6 55 a, X99 11 S'

£■ 18,000 0 0 j 19*454 8 4 k 18,422 10 6J 18,738 1 4l 21,065 4 4i 18,497 10 .'I j *4.003 7 3i 28,176 11 «5

44* Geo. III. . Appendix.

— Appendix,

rRADESMEN, ARTIFICERS, &c. &c. (No. 30.)

2

FIFTH JANUARY - — — continued.

17 94- 1795- 1 796. 1 797- 1798. 1799- 1800. 1801. 1802. 1803. 1 804.

£■ *• £ *• i. *• d. £■ «• J. £■ >■ d. £■ >■ d. £. *. 4. £• *. <*• £. 2 d. £ *. * £ «• d.

45.545 * + 61,423 13 4* 70,147 * 7 59,866 3 9 59,094 14 °t 48.9*9 * 2 66,152 4 7i 74,449 *3 *i 7*,54> 6 o\ 94>*92 *4 o| ’74.973 * 9

61,621 15 2* 65,462 17 9 85,403 ^6 6J 79,*5 *7 8 81,881 0 4j 79,59* 5 3* 87,199 3 *5,147 8 4 *3,363 6 84,380 19 icj 84,248 5 *i

23*544 3 9 25,366 3 3 26,030 3 6 26,798 17 10 24,582 2 9 25,832 8 7 28,178 15 5i 33,182 10 8* 29,164 16 6 29,174 12 3 26,640 19 6

2,184 3 8 2,863 0 0 3.055 2 0 2,202 14 6 3,243 16 0 1,93619 0 1,562 6 0 2,604 7 0 3,483 *4 0 1,940 8 0 2,201 8 0

1,274 9 2 1,584 17 8 1,560 11 3 *,431 * 0 1/3*4 *2 4 1,321 6 1 1,291 17 10 1,440 IX 1 1,565 10 4 1,630 9 % 1,645 *5 0

10,200 2 1 10,772 13 ©I 14,284 14 5» 11,947 l6 2 2,836 12 4i - —

14,039 6 1 12,508 15 5i 10,914 19 9 11,670 7 4i 15,110 16 9 13,883 5 74 14,885 0 0 16,618 6 0 19,432 12 9 26494 x t>i 33.673 8 3

1,850 i3 Si 2,272 11 5 3,488 4 5 2/4*5 19 I «>795 * 0} 1,819 10 1 1,964 18 9i 2,604 3 8 3.56* 3 *i 3,121 0 0 3.317 0 0

160,260 i 6J 182,254 11 ii| 214,884 14 si 196,288 17 4i 189,859 2 7i 173,31® 15 9* 201,234 5 10J 216,046 19 11 219,112 9 si HO,9 34 4 5 226,710 8 si

FIFTH JANUARY — —■ - — ~ ——

1 79 4- 1 7 95. 1796. .797- 1 798. 1799* 1 80 0. 1801. 1802. 1803. 1804.

£■ «. </. £ </. £ »• J. £■ «. */. £■ «• d. £. «. £. d. £• d. £■ >■ d. £■ «. 4. £ *. d.

45.545 8 Ji 61,423 13 4i 70,147 11 7 59,866 3 9 59,094 *4 o\ 48,919 1 2 66,152 4 7i 74,449 *3 *i 7*54* 6 94, *92 14 oj 74.973 * 9

6l,62I 15 2j 65,462 17 9 85,403 6 H 79,*5 >7 8 8l,88l O 4i 79,59* 5 3l 87>*99 3 *4 *5,>47 * 4 83,363 6 84,380 19 *oJ 84,248 5

23.544 3 9 25,366 3 3 26,030 3 6 26,798 17 10 24,582 2 9 25,832 8 7 28,178 15 54 33,182 *o %i 29,164 16 6 29,174 12 3 26,640 19 6

2,184 3 8 2,863 0 0 3>°55 0 2,202 14 6 3,243 16 0 1,936 19 0 1,562 6 0 2,604 7 O 3,4*3 *4 0 1,940 8 0 2,201 8 0

132,895 10 9 155,"5 x4 4i 184,636 3 7l ,68,753 13 9 l68,8oi 13 >i 156,286 14 <* 183,09a 9 \ si ‘95>383 *9 2 *94.553 3 1 209,688 14 i{ 188,064 5 2*

1,274 9 2 1.584 »7 8 1,560 12 3 i/43* * 0 *.3*4 * 4 1,321 6 1 1,291 17 10 1,440 IX 1 1,565 *0 4 1,630 9 2 1,645 >5 O

10,200 % 1 10,772 13 14,284 14 51 11,947 16 2 2,836 12 4l - —

14,039 6 1 12,508 15 Si 10,914 19 9 11,670 7 4i 15,110 16 9 *3,883 5 74 14,885 0 0 16,618 6 0 19,43212 9 26,494 1 o| ' 53,673 * 3

1,850 13 5J 2,272 11 5 3,488 4 5 2,485 19 I *.795 8 °i 1,819 10 1 1,964 18 9i 2,604 3 8 3.561 3 *1 3,121, 0 0 3,3i7 0 0

27,364 10 9} 27,13817 «i 30,248 10 ioj I7,535 3 7i 21,057 9 Si 17,024 10 9i 18,141 16 7 i 20,663 0 9 24,559 6 ■*i 31,245 10 2! 3S,646 3 3

VOL. 59.

C

650

Appendix, (No. 30.)

2 90 Ala

continued.

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix (G.)

" CLASS y.

The MENIAL SERVANTS of HIS MAJESTY'S HOUSEHOLD.

ESTIMATE of 1786.

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer -Salaries to the Household -

Allowances to ......

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward

D° - - to the Chapels ......

Mages to the Chapels

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Office -Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer -The Groom of the Stole, at D° -

Twelve Gentlemen of His Majesty s Bedchamber, paid at D° Thirteen Grooms of D° - b° -Apothecary to His Majesty, D° -

D° - - to the Household -

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Ilorfe -D° - to the OOice of Mailer of the Robe* -

YEARS ended

£■ s. d. £• s. d. 5th January £■ 1. d.

1,54° 0 0 1787 - - - 89,742 17 2

15.504 4 0 1788' - - - 89,818 6 10

6,573 17 6 1789 - - - 89,973 2 7

740 0 0 1790 - - - 00 <0 <b <0 H 7h

4*679 7 7 , 1791 - - - CO CO H & 00 15 10

4i5 H 7 29,153 *1 8 1792 - - - 90,012 9

1793 - - - 90,270 4 n

3,000 0 0 1794 - - - 90,259 1 4i

23.673 5 9 1795 - - - 89,830 3 7

600 0 0 1796 - - - 89,989 1 54

2,000 0 0 1797 - - - 90,835 6 11

12,000 0 0 1798 - - - 89,871 10 11

6,500 0 0 1799 - - - 90,488 17 0

0 0 1S00 - - - 92,568 6 8

53 6 8 47,941 12 1801 - - - 95,279 0 2i

5 1802 - - - 95,794 8 8

- - 12,790 19 4 1803 - - r 96,000 3 0

- — — 1,080 0 1 o; 1804 - - - 97.539 4 it

£■ 90,965 15 5 1

Appendix (II.)

CLASS VI.

PENSION LIST.

Pensions Compensations

Pensions. to late Mini tiers at for Loss of Offices, TOTAL.

Foreign Courts. &c.

£■ '• d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ "■ d.

EST I M ATE laid before Parliament in 1786 - - 92,584 4 4 8,975 0 0 16,631 18 10 118,191 3 2

Amount in \ ears ending 5th January 1787 - S8.793 16 74 9>l85 0 0 18,392 18 2 116,371 14 9i

17SS - 86,761 9 2-1 9>728 0 0 17>103 8 7 113,592 17 9*

i7«9 - - 83,623 9 s i 10,481 0 0 16,404 0 si 110,508 10 2i

1790 81,980 9 5 1 o, C66 18 i| 15,588 5 11 108,235 13 si

»79i - 79.^71 3 5i 10*189 0 0 15.596 13 0.3 105,656 16 6

1792 - 79,877 6 9$ 10,989 0 0 1^,822 12 4i 106,688 19 2

171*3 - 76,594 1 4 11,564 9 2 14,889 8 103,047 19 5i

17:H - 76,852 13 - I /4 13,732 11 1] 14,251 3 11 104,836 8 7*

1795 - 80,279 9 H 16,953 6 8 H,403 *9 111,636 15 5i

1796 82,307 2 lo-l 17*584 5 7 13,396 15 11J 113.288 4 42

1797 - 81,951 5 sl 18,014 0 0 14>839 7 1 114,804 12 4i

»793 - 8l,098 17 11 17,040 0 0 H>i3i 12 2 112,270 10 1

1799 - 79,089 18 Ij 17*125 12 2£ 13,278 1 11 109,493 !2 3

1S00 m 82,433 1 7i 18,317 0 0 12,512 5 84 113,262 7 32

1801 - 81,305 5 7h 20,103 11 51 12,231 6 9 113,640 3 - 92

1802 - 82,795 3 11I 2-4,449 7 9i 12,043 16 10 i | 119,288 8 7*

1803 - 8i,953 15 2j 22,581 6 9\ 11,663 18 4 * 116,199 0 4

1804 82,115 12 IO 19,622 0 0 h,358 H 6 113,096 7 4

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

651

Appendix (I.)

CLASS VII.

The SALARIES of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

YEARS Estimate of 1786. CHARGE.

ended £■ d.

5th January 81,440 O 1 £■ t. i.

1787 - - - 82,098 O O

1788 - - - 83,618 0 2

1789 - - 83.914 3 9i

1790 - - 81,405 1 8i

1791 - - 84,200 6 5i

179-2 - - 79,52a 12 9i

' 1793 - - 77.732 16 7

1794 - - — 74.214 17 5

1795 - - - 68,136 5 0 i

1796 - - 65,219 00 00

*797 - - - 67,381 l6 O

1798 - - 67,381 l6 O

1799 L - - ... 67,381 l6 O

1800 - - 63,664 6 3

1801 - - - 1^ <0 CO <0 15 8 J

1802 - - . 63,739 6 3

1803 - - - 62,502 5 if

1804 - ... 62,529 5 l

Appendix*-" (No. 30.)

2 p° Mar tit,

continued.

Appendix (K.)

CLASS VIII.

The SALARIES and PENSIONS of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and

Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Estimate of

YEARS 1786.

ended £■ s. d. £■

5th January 1 13,822 0 0 S. d.

1787 - - - 13,595 3 io j

1788 - - - - 13,822 0 0

1789 - - - . 13,822 t> 0

1790 - - . 13,822 0 0

1791 - - - 13,822 0 0

1792 - - - - 13,822 0 0

1793 - - - - 13,822 0 0

1794 - - - 13,822 0 0

*795 - - - 13,822 0 0 /

1796 - - . 13.822 0 0

1797 - - - 13,82a 0 0

1798 - - - - 13,822 0 0

1799 - - . 13,822 0 0

1800 - - . 13,822- 0 0

1801 - - - - 13,822 0 0

1802 - - . 13.822 0 0

1803 - - . - - 13,822 0 0

1804 ' 13,822 0 0

652

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 30.) 29* Martiiy

continued.

Appendix XL.)—ACCOUNT of the Annual Charge of

♦total of

Special Service and Royal Bounty

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons

D° - for Overpayments on their Accounts -Sundry Ministers, £. ao each for their Patfage to the Plantations -

Law Charges

Horse Patrol for the different Roads -Public Office, Bnw-street, including the Horse

Patrol ......

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -

Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -po _ - - - Foreign Department

j)o _ _ - . Horae Department. -

Do - - - - War Department -

D° - - Lord Chamberlain’s Department -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts

Extra Extraordinaries to D*

J)o_______- including Reimbursements for

Expences incurred, and for Losses sustained, in His Majesty's Service Abroad -

Tor the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -po . _ - - - Ireland -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy -D° - D° La-ty -Lord Almoner, for Alms -

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor ——

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland House -Rent of Mote Park -

ChelfeaWaterworks, for supplying the Treasury D° - - Kensington Palace and Garden

Expences of Windsor Great Park Fees, &c. on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Contingent Expences of the Treasury -Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Contingencies -

D* - - - - Stationary -

< D° - - - - Land Tax -

Secretary of State, Home Department, for Contingencies -D° - - - - Stationary -

D° - - - - Land Tax - -

Secretary of State, War Department, for Contingencies -D° - - - - Stationary -

D8 - - - - Land Tax -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affair* ——

D° - - - Committee for Trade and Plantations

D» - - - Privy Council

His Majesty’s Charity to*) fun dry Female Objects f £. in Piftrefs, paid at the £ 1,200 Treasury - J

Fees, &c. on Receipt of that Sum ——

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their Return Home -

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts - For the Relief of the Poor French Proteftanrs Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners - -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -

Mayor, Aldermen, ice. of London, Impost on Wine - -

Vaudois Churches -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court -Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage, and in lieu of Plate -Rcimbursement to Officers of the Household, for Monies overpaid -Expences of St. James’s and Hyde Parks Occassional Contingencies in the Department of the Lord Steward -D° - - - - Master of the Horse

Incidental Expences attending the Repairs, tec. of the Houses of Parliament, and Speaker's House -Incidental Expences respelting the Royal Palaces at Windsor and Hampton Court -Expence of Works at Carleton House -D® - Oatlands -

Expences attending investing Foreign Princes with the Order of the Garter -Expences on Account of a Court of Judicature in Newfoundland -Expences attending Mr. Hastings's Trial Presents to distinguistied Individuals Compensations for Loire* -Passage of an Ambassador from the Barbary States -

Keeper of Lions in the Tower, Extra Expences

£■ t. d.

,200 O •i

32 *3 . s

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List, according to the Account laid before Parliament in

1786.

- -

2,000 0 0

250 0 0

700 0 0

CHARGE FOR

5th January

1787.

L i. d. s. d. £ 1 d. £• s. d. c 5. d. s. J. c s. d. £■ J. 4.

20,000 0 0 24,003 6 3i 35.!*S 11 H 28,209 18 7 37.159 7 2 31,656 8 11 31,388 13 icj 13,852 8 9

25,000 0 0 *5*717 16 7 39,884 1 0 21,508 8 0 32.154 1 6 26,221 10 6 22,244 4 9 14,998 12 10

10,000 0 0 io,6eo 0 0 10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0 6,000 0 0 10,000 0 0 1 0,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

13,000 0 0 12,020 0 0 15,060 0 0 6,820 0 0 7*370 0 0 9,100 0 0 6,050 0 0 7*43° 0 0

3,000 0 0 3*804 *4 11 1,645 7 9 3.1*3 4 9i 2,464 0 9* 2,850 .11 5 2,084 5 9l x*7°i 6 7i

200 0 0 140 0 0 220 0 0 60 0 0 20 0 0 100 0 0 140 0 0 120 0 0

7,500 0 0 6,000 0 0 4,000 0 0 8,oco 0 0 6,318 8 8 2,000 0 0 8,127 1 1 12, COO 0 0

2,806 1 0 ’ *9!3 *9 6 2,266 8 6 2,266 8 6 3»5°4 16 0 3.65> 10 0 3,901 17 6 3»9IX x5 6

2,500 0 0 3,158 14 6 I,86l 12 0 1,692 12 0 2*457 6 9 2,238 19 3 2,024 17 3 1,342 9 6

12,000 0 ' 0 16,000 0 0 7,oco 0 0 19,000 0 0 18,coo 0 0 16,000 0 0 *8,000 0 0 20,000 0 0

2,000 0 0 1,800 0 0 *,5°° 0 0 2,500 0 0 2,100 0 0 5*4oo 0 0 800 0 0 5.746 *9 0

i,5°° 0 0 2,293 12 6 5,582 18 5 55* 2 6 >.556 10 6 3*4oi 6 3 5.79 * 11 11 6,642 5 2

1,700 0 0; 1*700 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0

800 0 0 800 0 0 8 co 0 0 £00 0 0 SOO 0 0 8 co 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

1,718 4 0 1,7*8 4 0 1,718 4 0 1.718 4 0 1*718 4 0 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0

6,872 16 0 6,87* 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6.872 16 0

1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 I, H9 0 0 i>i 19 0 0 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 c

900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 c

1,000 0 © 1,000 0 0 1,000 © 0 - - J, COO 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 l,cco 0 0

220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0 220 16 0

316 18 6 316 18 6 316 18 6 316 18 6 310 18 6 316 18 6

323 16 6 3*3 16 6 3*3 16 6 3X3 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 3*3 16 6 323 16 6

14 0 5* *4 0 5* *4 0 5* *4 0 S2 14 0 5* 14 0 5* 14 0 5* 14 0

150 0 0 *5° 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 x5° 0 0

4,000 0 0 4,156 1 9i 4*7i9 17 8 4*5*3 1 °i 4*444 17 4l 4*7*2 12 4z 3,710 5 8’; 5,021 19 10

*>74* 12 0 87017 0 i,75> 2 6 1,316 4 0 2,186 6 0 x*7 51 2 6 x*75i 2 6 1,885 x4 1

2,000 0 0 i»37i 11 0 1,672 9 2 3>*37 18 2* 2,056 6 3] 1,948 X 7{ 2,130 18 4 4*59# 17

2,600 0 0 *>955 12 4 5,888 11 1 *>359 8 9 3,388 1 11 4.55* 18 11 *,474 0 7*117 15 >'t

2,297 0 10 i»371 18 7

2,000 0 0 2,425 *4 io* 2,004 10 8 1,046 0 3,646 x9 4$ 3,109 7 9l *.435 8 6 3>954 >9 4

- 1,894 2 2 M60 14 3

1,232 13 6

1,500 o o

x,oooo o o

500 o o 500 o o 1,409 o o

21S S 8

400 o o

98 14 o

x*345 xo 4

300 o o

138,476 4 6

2,700 2 7 2,225 o o

I, ICO o o

1,262 19 6

1,926 o 6

339 '5 6} 485 00 218 8 6

551 9 9

96 12 o 1,845 10 4

168 13 o

600 o

699 10 o

»49>*35 7 tii

5th January

1788.

3,803 o 2 2,221 8 5

1,232 13 6

471 10 6

i,9*5 *3 4

465 10 o

218 8 6

306 1 o

98 14 o

>.*45 >o 4

89 6 9

170,084 11 9!

5th January 1789.

4.589 s 4

1,297 o o

1,232 13 6

3,434 10 6

2,002 6 II

41 S 4 Si 515 10 o 218 8 6

ICO 16 O

1,815 10 4

83 7 9

I45.H4 5 7i

5th January 17 9°.

3>x*3 *5 xx

2,114 J5 6

1,232 13 6

2,017 3 0

2,014 17 3

488 12

533 o 0

218 8 6

641 02

94 10 o x,81510 4

291 16 3

2,000 o o

134 * 8

166,621 12 8J

5th January 179 1.

3*735 *5 o

3,882 5 10

1,232 13 6

1,981 10 o

I>9,3 3 xx

538 18 9

471 10 o 218 13 6

98 14 o 1,815 10 4

169 12 9

1,000 o o

139 8 o

161,135 10 7}

5th January 1792.

4,219 6 o

1,949 3 8

1,232 13 6

1,228 3 8

5>4 «o 5i 1,370 o o 218 13 6

98 14 o 1,818 5 o

600 o o 151 17 6

155,705 10 3J

5th January

1 793-

4>778 9 1

2,336 17 4

1,232 13 6

1,201 ix S 406 15 z] 1,340 o c 218 13 6

94 10 o

1,818 5 o

99 16 6

161,544 IC ?;

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

653

is Majesty’s CIVIL LIST.

Append

(No. 30

THE YEARS ENDED

coni MUid

5th January 1803. 5th January 1804.

£■ 1. d. £. d.

70 960 9 9J 55,178 0

25,000 0 0 25, COO O O

10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

\ 7*590 0 0 10,500 0 0

1 69 11 II 4,618 18 8

0 0 0 00 80 0 0

5,000 O O 20,000 0 0

xx>737 2 * ,2»743 5

*473 x4 6 x>776 15 6

17,000 0 0 22,000 0 0

6,cco 0 0 6,000 0 0

3x00 0 0 5,000 0 0

1,469 14 6 1*515 2 1

8,376 0 0 4,800 0 0

| 7«4°5 4 1 —

40*73* X2

1,700 O O 1,700 0 0

800 O O 800 0 0

1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0

> 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0

1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0

900 0 0 900 0 0

1,000 0 0 1.000 0 0

324 8 6 324 8 6

52 14 0 52 x4 0

150 0 0 150 0 0

4,604 16 8 4,600 0 0

i,749 *9 6 x*749 x9 6

*»349 l7 5 1,512 6 9

15,000 0 0 16,000 0 0

9,500 0 0 9,000 0 -

3,000 0 0. 10,000 0 0

— —

3*299 10 10 3,662 7 11

1,231 13 6 1,232 13 6

0 0 00 00 *759 *4 6

2,o06 16 10 2,588 8 0

840 2 6f 31* 15 41-

1,393 0 0 1,406 0 0

219 7 6 219 7 6

310 12 5 356 14 1

100 16 0 ico 16 0

1,828 5 4 1,82* 5 4

1,310 8 3 i»577 6 3

1,000 0 0 —

379 10 4 167 14 10

— —

— —

- xx4 3 6

239,86516 5! 192,762 9 7j.


5th January

1 7 94-

£• d.

Sly206 3 2

25.000 o o

10.000 o o

8,200 o o

1,859 17 6i 100 o o

8,000 o o

3*485 19 6

2,53a 10 o

*.53* *9 * 20,000 o o

i.

1,100 o o 5,012 10 o

1,700 o o 800 o o

1,713 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 0 0

900 o o 1,000 o o

220 l6 O

323 16 6 52 14 o 150 00

5>* 90 3 *3

1,74* 14 O 1,000 o o

7,204. 2 6

1,817 4 8

3,000 o o 1,929 si 8

4,886 10 1 2,684 1 9

1,232 13 6

1,972 6 o

1,289 3 2

617 S 3 1,566 10 o 218 13 6 284 11 2 2

96 12 O 1,818 5 O

10 3 3

222,363 4 iof

31b January

1795.

£• <*■ 38,197 13 H

25.000 O O

10.000 o o

5,810 o o

4*7 »4 43 80 o o 12,000 O O

5,062 8 4

y,8oi xi 6fl 16,000 o o

5,300 o 0 6,896 7 6

1,700 o o 800 o o

1,718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,129 o o

900 o o 1,000 o o 220 16 o

323 16 6 52 14 o 250 o o 4,708 12 7}

1,748 14 o 2,000 O o

6,356 14 o 1,938 7 7

4,000 o 6 1,817 4 6

2,000

2,103 5 2}

1,232 13 6

1,236 9 2

1,577 o o

218 13 6

252 7 7

ICO 16 o

1,818 5 o

656 6 6

474 2 11

3,000 o o

5,000 o o

213,732 13 7

5th January

1796.

£■ '• 32,264 7 O

25.000 o o

10.000 o o

3,250 o o

864 19 4}

60 o o 18,000 o o

9>45* »* 3

M'S 7 ° 24,000 o o

3,000 o o 6,046 711

1,700 o o 800 0 0

1,718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 o o

900 o 0 1,000 o c 114 2 O

323 16* 6 52 14 o 150 00 2,249 7 c:

1,603 16 6 1,000 o o

10,547 4 o 2,286 11 c[

3,000 o o 2,320 19 loj

1,000 o o 239 7 10

x»493 14

1,232 13 6

322 o o 1,382 2 2

1,362 O O 218 13 6 180 o o

100 16 o i,8if 5 o

152 16 3

I,coo o o

i,7 5110 o 2»49> 15 6

185,965 18 4!

5th January

179 7-

£. t. </.

4*439 7 ic|

25.000 o o

10.000 o o

4,010 o

3,202 1 9

160 o o 2,818 2 8

9>5,a 4

1,800 9 o

15,000 o o 6,000 o o

2,613 x& 11

1,700 o o 800 o o

1,718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 0 0

900 o o 1,000 o o

323 16 6 , 52 14 o 150 00

4,805 a 4,1

1,893 11 6

3,000 o o

5,000 o o *,343 15 3* 549 9 6

1,600 O O

2,618 15 8

1,002 7 o

500 o o 266 10 1

346 6 o

3,158 11 2f

1,232 13 6

2,349 7 6

*,373 x 5 308 10 2-} 1,372 o o 218 13 6 390 3 7

ICO o o

1,588 5 4

1,000 o o

533 >2 4

1,000 o o 500 o o

303 x4 7

182,412 18 10}

5th January

1798.

£. I. d.

*5>, I5 »S 9l

25.000 o o

10.000 o o

9,650 o o

1,964 XX 9}

60 o o 35,000 o o

9,803 5 XI

9>74l >3 3*451

13,000 o

5.500 o

2.500 o

9,693 13 o 18,873 3 5

850 o o 800 o o

1,718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 o o

900 o e 1,000 o o

323 16 6 52 14 o 150 00 4,641 14 2;

1,748 14 o

500 0 0

X 1,000 0 0 2,004 5 11 549 9 6

4,000 o o 2,838 3 10

1,002 7 o

3,000 o o

434 x

346 6 o

2,736 1 9

1,232 13 6

1,860 o o 1,622 16 7 316 7 5 1,420 o o 218 13 6 390 3 7

100 16 o 1,588 5 4

3,218 14 o 1,270 1 o

1,024 8 3.

1,373 6 o 3,661 o icj

247*38 xx 4

5th January 1799* 5th January 1800. 5th January l8oi.

£• «. d. £. 1. d. £■ »• rf.

39,264 10 5 93,712 16 7 79>*53 5 111

25,000 0 0 25,000 O O 25,000 O O

10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0 5,000 0 0

6,870 0 0 6,680 0 0 4,268 0 0

900 19 6} 4,538 19 III 1,930 1 6}

120 0 0 40 0 0 40 O O

15,000 0 0 15,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

- —

10,08 x 3 10 9,584 *3 * 9*7*8 3 2

1,777 1 4i 1*748 7 4i 2,270 15 if

— —

10,000 0 0. 20,000 0 0 25,000 0 0

15*423 13 1 13,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

2,600 0 0 4,400 0 0 4,cco 0 0

2,428 16 9 1,358 14 5 1,306 4 4

1,081 16 0 3,300 0 0 3,000 0 0

22*43° 4 x 5,325 8 0 18,623 18 3

1,700 0 0 1,700 O O 1,700 0 0

800 0 0 SCO 0 0 800 0 0

1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0

6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0

1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 1,119 o' 0

900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0

— . —

323 16 6 324 8 6 324 8 6

52 14 0 52 14 0 52 -14 0

150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0

3,640 4 oj 5,219 9 Ilf 4.74* *6 4

1*749 19 6 1*749 19 6 *>749 19 6

14,701 3 2 12,000 0 0 18,000 0 0

2,510 9 11 —

— —

8,oco 0 0 8,000 0 0 8,000 0 0

.2*557 19 7 — —

1,002 7 0 — —

4,000 O O 3.i*9 >3 Si 4,000 0 0

935 x9 7 — —

346 6 0 — —

{ — —

3,1791611 3.'oi 1 3} 3,344 6 io*

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6

879 16 6 - - 1,205 18 6

x*47i 4 0 1,519 14 2 2,625 »7 nj

3*6 7 5 268 4 8 345 10 11

1,390 10 0 i,374 0 0 1,425 0 0

218 13 6 219 J7 6 219 7 6

390 3 7 - 508 13 2

96 12 0 ico x5 0 100 16 0

x»593 5 4 1,828 5 4 1,828 5 4

1 w 1 *> M ' O 2,379 10 9 2,49614 0

1,329 11 5 708 16 11f 8*7 3 4

... 1x4 1 11

• 1 1 •- 245 14 0

— 190 ix a -

— 1,086 0 0 ' 3,700 3 0

229,436 19 6| 272,608 18 if 272,316 19 O

5th January

1802.

£• I. d. 105,061 1 7

25.000 o

10.000 o > 12,340 o

I *4,220 O ) IP55 xx

( *i.*>54 7 4i S 80 o ©

( *10 o o

5,000 o o

9,648 14 o 2,350 17 3

o o o o o o

15,000 7,500 2,000 l,42& 9 II

4,700 o o

8,578 3

( *2,006 3 6

1,700 o o 800 o o

1,718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 0 0

900 o o 1,000 o o

324 8 6 52 14 o 150 00

4>742 16 4

x>749 x9 6

20,000 O O

10,500 o o

2,000 O O

3*490 x7 3

1,232 13 6

2,999 13 o 1,372 4 2 697 1 of

2,547 o o 219 7 6

728 12 10

100 16 1,828 5 4

3.369 4 9

2,301 8 o

5*5 >4 3

691 6 6

•4* 17 4

•20,151 8 6

366,216 o if

Vol. 59,

8 D

Appendix,

(No. 30.)

29° Ma,

continued.

654

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix (M.)—ACCOUNT of the Charge on the

Occasional payments.

SPECIAL SERVICE an4 kOYAL BOUNTY

Vi*.

ROYAL BOUNTY ....

Occasional AffifUnce to the Settlement at Sierra Leone -

Gratuities to Foreigners in Distrefa

Physicians -

Lectures at Cambridge -

Their Royal Highnesses The Duke of Clarence, for Extraordinar) Expences in 1787 and 1788 -

D°, towards the Expence of his Household

Prince Edward (now Duke of Kent)

Dokes of Kent and Cumberland, to defray the Expences of their Establishment

Prince Augustus, on account of Bills drawn for Expences Abroad -

For the Younger Princes -

Princeis of Wales’s Journey to England, and Valuation of her Jewels - -

Expences on Account of *he Marriage of the Princess Royal -

Money advanced, to be repaid -

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales (of which £. 17,500 has been since repaid) -

Duke of York ......

Duke of Clarence ——

Fees on the Issue of Money, passingCom- } milTions, dec. .... - 5

Taxes and small Incidents at the Treasury -

Contingencies at the Office of Commissioners of Enquiry -

State Paper Office -

Tax Office, for Rent -

Privy Council -

Commissioners for Musquito Claims Parliament Office, for Rent -

Secretary of State's Office, Foreign Department, for Rent ....

Keeper of the Records in the Tower

Occasional Clerks employed in the Treasury -

Parliamentary Expences and Allowances to Clerks, dec. including Stationary, to the Speaker and Clerks, and other Contingencies

To make up Deficiency of Fees towards the } Salaries of different Offices -

D° Office Secretary of State, Foreign Department ....

D° - - - - Home Department -

D* - - - - War Department

D* - - Treasury -

Occasional Messengers and Officers with Dif- ) patches, not included in any other Account \

Extra Expences to Ministers Abroad, and Con-fuls, for Journies, See. -

Presents to Ministers of Foreign Courts 3 on signing Treaties, dec. and D° to the * Barbary States .... j

Allowance for Law Advice for the Treasury and Secretary of State for Home Depart ment -,

Eftiraatvd Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List, according to the Account laid before Parliament in

1786.

20,000 O O

— - — — — CHARGE FOR

5th January

1787.

1,850 o o

200 O O

200 O O

3.784 19 3i 478 S 5

300 o o 400 o o

311 15 o 282 o cT

3,889 12 o 403 4 o

5th January 1788.

£■ d.

*7S S ® 3» »3 o

2,760 7 o *59 7 3 290 o o

373 19

429 o 6

99 9 6

zoo o o

3.873 3 * 3>4°3 4 o

51b January

1789.

£■ *. d.

2,120 O O

150 O O 66 3 o

200 O O

648 8 4

2,800 oil 258 s 8

84 19 o

429 o 6

4,204 18 6

5,119 8 8

5th January 1790.

£■ *• d.

335 5 0 183 5 7

5.000 o o 300 o o

4.000 o o

6.000 o

2,123 10 7 355 11 3

1,050 o o

429 zo o

4,099 14 9 4,411 18 3

5th January 1791.

5th January 17 9 2.

£. u d.

1,685 0 0 1,970 6 O

143 0 0 15 1 IX

1,000 0 0 6,190 9 6

300 0 0 300 0 0

1,006 o o

100 o o

2,490 10 7 289 8 10

200 o o

429 xo o

4,693 8 6 3.701 14 8

£ '• 1. d»


2,617 o i|

173 *4 1

40 x6 o

89 6 o

*55 © o

3461 15 o 5,356 11 9

5th January

179 3-

£. s. d.

i>5*7 o o

500 o o

too o o

1,880 14 2 550 14 2

IOO O O

220 O O

4.463 *3 *0 4*579 «8 3

of Westminster, ilifhmem of the f :s for apprehend- I

1 - -j

Expences of Experiments, Discoveries, Accounts, Surveys, Calculations, Estimates, See. and Returns of Corn - -

Allowances to Magistrates of Westminster,' not included in the Efiabli "

Police, and cafuai Expences ing and removing Convilts

Cafuai Incidents of different Kinds (including in the year 1788, £. 735. nt.od. for Army Extraordmarics in the preceding War) - I

Ministers Abroad negociating Peace

Not accounted for, being applied to Services not liable to become an actual Charge on the Civil List, but to be submitted to Parliament in order to be made good out of the Supplies of tha Year - -

Dedo£ Imprest Monies Repaid

253 2 o

1,256 5 o

1,025 o o

750 o o

883 4 5 2,8cO 12 9

32 11 6 5>35* 14 "

4.3*3 * 7 3*53 >8 4

5,812 6 oj 5,669 15 0

1,289 10 0 M (A O O O

1,858 13 6 33* »* 4

*75* *5 5 2,084 8 4

1,042 8 o 5,520 17 6J

*4.453 6 31 35,185 11 6{

450 o o

*4»co3 6 3?

134 o o

28,209 18 7

132 17 4

1,824 12 11 2,238 5 o

750 o o

909 8 4 2,864 16 2

250 12 o

82 o o

1,686 16 o 7,599 10 6

600 o o

3,082 11 6

2,300 o o

272 18 4

59 3 *0 505 o o 7,133 o 6

600 o o

300 o o 2,300 o o

II 15 2

26 O O

40 8 7

6,539 8 6

600 0 o

258 5 o *557 o 9

19 10 6

37,259 7

ico o 0 37*59 7

31,656 8 11

31,388 13 10$

23,952 8 9

I&O 0 c

23.*5* S 9

' 44 Geo. III. Appendix.

655

1 1 1 ' ' " Appenc

CIVIL LIST, for " Occasional Payments.1’ t (No.

----- 2

continue

THE Y E A RS E N DE D

656

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Mari it,

cunhnucti.

Appendix (N.)-A B S T R A C T of the CHARGES of the C I VIL

FIRST CLASS. Royal Family. SECOND CLASS. Great Law Officers. THIRD CLASS. Foreign Ministers. FOURTH CLASS. Tradesmens Bills. . FIFTH CLASS. Menial Servants.

Ultimate delivered to Parliament in 1786 £■ s. 203,500 0 0 £■ 32.955 s. d. 0 0 £■ *• 70,852- 2 d. IO £■ 147,200 s. d. 0 0 £. s. d. 90,965 15 5

Charge in the Years ending 5th January - 1787 - 198,500 0 0 32,361 2 0 75,266 1 it 139,402 10 4 h 89,742 17 2

1788 - - 202,500 0 0 . 32.433 15 91 78,286 15 si 131,710 2 0 2 89,818 6 10

1 o> 00 »■» - 208,500 0 0 32,813 5 7 i 81,323 3 61 .130,034 5 i»3 89,973 2 7

1790 - - 214,875 0 0 CO 0 00 14 6 86,733 n oj 151,270 2 33 89,97914 7

1791 - - 217,966 9 1°} 32,125 0 0 87,786 12 9 135,954 8 2 J 89,1331510

' 1792 - - 205,500 0 0 32,955 0 0 95,673 7 7 150,079 8 81 90,012 9 8 4

1793 - 202,500 0 0 32,960 0 0 97,909 15 43 167,578 14 3i 90,270 4 81

J794 * - 202,500 0 0 32,897 2 6 87,440 13 1 160,260 1 6J 90,259 1 4 J

1795 - - 202,500 0 0 . 32,948 3 7l> 90,647 4 io£ 182,254 11 111 89,830 3 7

1796 - - 202,500 0 0 32,955 0 0 83,034 11 9 1 214,884 14 5 2 89,989 1 5

1797 - - 208,967 0 0 32,320 0 0 71,580 13 si 196,288 17 4 90,835 6 11

1798 - - 209,000 0 0 32,955 0 d 63,614 to 2 189,859 2 7i 89,871 10 11

1799 - - 209,625 0 0 32,955 0 0 58,653 1* 2 T 173*31° 15 93 90,488 17 0

1800 - - 204,750 0 0 32,955 0 0 68,047 1 >3 201,234 5 i®3 92,568 6 8

1S01 - - 202,500 0 0 32,955 0 0 71,906 5 8 3 216,046 19 11 95,279 0 2 1

1802 - - 208,500 0 0 32,955 0 0 65,284 1 to 219,112 9 33 95,794 8 8

1803 - - 206,500 0 0 32,178 2 11 I 92,158 10 43 240,934 4 5 96,000 3 0

1804 - 202,500 0 0 32,955 0 0 106,936 6 8 -1 226,710 8 53 97.539 4 11

44 Geo. III.

Appendix,

657

LIST Establishment in the following Years:

Appendix, (No. 30.) 39° Mar,

continued

IXTH CLASS. SEVENTH CLASS. EIGHTH CLASS. Deduct A dual Charge for

Pen (ions. Salaries. Treasury. Occasional Payments. Amount of Sums advanced Out of Occasional Payments, Occasional Payments. TOTAL.

£ 1. d. £■ 1. d. £■ 8. d. £■ 8. d. £■ 8. d. £■ 1. a.

which have been, or

118,189 3 2 81,440 0 1 13,822 O 0 . 138,476 4 6 are to be replaced. ' 897,400 6 0

For Explanation of

the Sums in this

Column, vide foot of the Account.

115,371 H 91 82,098 10 of 13,595 3 10 j 149,835 7 n| — m — - 149,835 7 »ii *97,173 8

113,591 17 9 i 83,618 0 2 4 13,822 0 0 170,084 11 94 - 0 - 170,084 11 94 915,866 9 9

110,508 10 2 J 83*914 3 9 I 13,822 0 0 145,21+ 5 71 ■* * r H5,2H 5 7i 896,10a 17 44

108,235 *3 5 2 81,405 1 84 13,822 0 0 166,621 it 84 * 166,621 12 8 4 945,691 IO 4

105,656 16 6 84,700 6 5 4 13,822 0 0 161,135 10 74 - ¥ - 161,135 10 74 927,781 O 3

io6,6S8 *9 2 79,523 12 9i 13,822 0 0 155,705 10 34 m - - 155,705 10 34 929,959 8 3

In q 0 r•* *9 5 4 77,732 16 74 13,822 0 0 161,54+ 15 54 - - 161,54415 54' 947,366 5 10 2

104,836 8 74 74,214 17 54 13,822 0 0 222,363 4 io 4 45,264 18 O 177,098 6 10 4 943,828 11 5§

111,636 15 5l 68,136 5 oj 13,822 0 0 213,732 13 7 26,307 9 O 187,425 4 7 979,900 9 1

113,288 4 42 65,219 18 8} 13,82a 0 0 * 185,965 18 + 4 7,000 0 0 178,96518 +1 .994,659 9 3

114,804 12 41 67,381 16 0 13,82a 0 0 182,412 18 101 9,837 9 6 172,575 9 42 968,575 15 4

112,270 to 1 67,381 16 0 13,822 0 0 247,238 11 4 •* m - 247,238 11 4 1,026,013 1 i4

109,493 12 3 67,381 16 0 13,822 0 0 229,436 19 6 4 2,532 5 0 226,904 14 64 982,635 7 9i

113,262 7 3i 63,664 6 3 13,82a 0 0 272,608 18 14 - - 272,608 18 1 i 1,062,91a 5 4l

113,640 3 91 63,677 15 84 13,822 0 0 272,316 10 0 12,64a 5 0 259,674 5 0 1*069,591 10 3l

119,288 8 7i 63.739 6 3 13,822 0 0 366,216 0 14 8,000 0 0 358,216 0 i4 1,176,711 *4 94

116,199 0 4 62,50* 5 i4 13,822 0 0 239,865 16 54 . - 239,86516 54 1,100,160 2 84

113,096 7 4 62,529 5 1 13,822 0 9 292,762 9 74 - 292,76a 9 74 1,1+8,851 2 14

PARTICULARS of Sums advanced out of Occasional Payments, which have been, or are to be replaced:

£• 8. d. £. 8. d<

In the Years ending 5th January 1794. To the Prince of Wales

Duke of York

1795* - - Duke of York

1796. - - Duke of York

Duke of Clarence -

1797- "

Duke of York Duke of Clarence

a«,37 9 o

4,50° o o>

2,500 00) n

6,021 5 *6 > , 0_, , f.

&816 J oi6

1799* - Major General Gardiner

1801. - - Duke of York

1 Sot. - - Duke of Clarence -

1803. - - Duke of Clarence

2,53* 5 * 12,642 5 o

1.000 0-0

7.000 o o

- - - - f 8,0

- - - I 7>c

4 £•17)5°°> P&rt of £• 40,000. has been repaid.

v- 59-

t E

658

-Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 30.) 49* Martii, continued.

Appendix (O.)

Ajt ACCOUNT of the DEBT of HIS MAJESTY’S CIVIL LIST, on the 5th day of January 1804,

(as near as the fame can at present ho ascertained)

FIRST CLASS:

The King -

The Queen - - - - —■

His Royal llighness the Prince of Wales

- - D°-----for the Support of the

Princess Charlotte -

His Royal Highness the Duke of York -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence The Duchess of Cumberland -His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge -

SECOND CLASS:

The Lord Chancellor - -

Speaker of the House of Commons The Judges of England - - . -

The Justices of Wales ——

The Justices of Cliefter -

THIRD CLASS:

France: Q

Ambassador Ex. and Plen. £, 160 a week -Secretary of Embassy, £. 2 a day

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Spain:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £.8 a day Secretary of Legation -

Charge ties Affaires ......

Portugal:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. {.8 a day

- - - D° - - r Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day

Turin:

Minister Plen. £.30. day -

- - D° - - Extra Diiburfemenls -Naples:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day Secretary of Legation -

Charge des Affaires ——

Florence:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. ^,8 a day

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Constantinople:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £.100 a week Another - - - D° - 1)° -

Secretary of Embassy, £. 2 a day

- - - D° - - -. Extra Disbursements

Minister Plen. £. 3 a day, 167 days

Holland:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a weak Secretary of Legation -Charge des Affaires -

Vienna:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. £. 100 a week Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day

- - - D® - - - Additional Allowance

Russia:

Ambassador Ext. and Plen. at £. 160 a week

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Embassy, £. 2 a day

- - - D° - - - Disbursements -

Minister Plen. -

Berlin:

Envoy and Plen. ——

Secretary of Legation - - , -

Sweden:

Envoy Ext. at Stockholm, {,5 a day

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day - - . -

- - I)° - - Extra Disbursements Denmark:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. ^.8 a day

- . - D* - - - Extra Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation -

Dresden:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. £. 8 a day

- - - I)° - - - Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day. - -

- - - D° - - - Additional Allowance

Charge des Affaires

Hans Towns:

Agent and Consul -Agent at Rotterdam -

Charge des Affaires -

£• 14,500 15,000 1,500 3.000 625 1.000 s. 0 0 0 0 0 0 d. 0 0 0 0 0 0

35.6-25 0 0

1,25a 0 0

435 0 0

5,625 0 0

doo 0 0

307 10 0

8,217 10 0

1,300 0 0

182 0 0

3,928 11 4i

450 0 0

208 0 0

2,200 0 0

3°° 0 0

184 0 0

825 0 0

225 0 0

3.928 11 4?

- 275 0 0

218 0 0

2,200 0 0

300 0 0

3.928 11 4 i

2,685 H si

550 0 0

300 0 0

1,356 0 0

3,928 11 43

450 0 0

650 0 0

3,928 11 43

275 0 0

183 0 0

6,38 5 H 3

650 0 0

300 0 0

1,623 0 0

3,928 11 45

300 0 0

940 0 0

200 0 0

1,825 0 0

400 0 0

2,200 0 0

3°° 0 0

273 0 0

L375 0 0

300 0 0

275 0 0

183 0 0

858 0 0

360 0 0

186 0 0

73° 0 0

Elector Palatine: t

Envoy Ext. and Plen.

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Charge des Affaires -

Elector of Wurtemburg:

Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day -

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Elector of Cologne:

Minister, ^.3 a day -

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Malta:

Minister Plen. £.3 a day -

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

- - - D° - - - Extra Extraordinaries

America:

Envoy Ext. and Plen. p a day

- - - D° - - - Extra Disbursements

Minister to the Landgrave of Hefte Call'd Consul at Madrid -

- D° - - Cadiz -

- D° - Carthagena - -

- DJ - Genoa -

Consul General at Morocco -

Consul at Tunis -

D* — Tripoli -

D° — Extra Disbursements D* — Algiers -

D® — Trieste -

D° - - Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica

D° ----- - additional -Consul General to America -

D°----- - to United States in D° -

D°-----at Grand Cairo -

D°-----in N° and S° Carolina -

- -----Virginia -

D°-----Massachusets Bay

Agent and Consul to Lower Saxony (vide Hans Towns) Consul General at Albania and Morea -

D°-----Civita Vecchia -

Republic of Seven Illands—Conful Resident D° - Extra Disbursements

FOURTH CLASS:'

Bills in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department

D°-----l<ord Steward -

D°-----Mailer of the Horse -

D°-----Master of the Robes -

D°----- Ulher of the Court of Exchequer -

D° for Stationary, Houses of Lords and Commons 1 D° for Printing -

FIFTH CLASS:

Lord Chamberlain's Salary -Salaries in his Department -

Lord Steward’s Salary -Salaries in his Department -D° - - Matter of the Horse -

D° - - Master of the Robes ——

Vice Chamberlain’s Salary -Groom of the Stole D° -

Apothecary to His Majesty

D° - - - to the Household -

Gentlemen of the Bedchamber -

Grooms of D° -

SIXTH CLASS:

Pensions without Fees -

D° - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions, and in lieu of Apartments at Somerset House D® - to the late Queen’s Servants, and to the Princess Dowager of Wales’s D°

D® - by Sign Manual - - . - r

D° - by Patents ——

D° - to late Foreign Ministers -

Compensations in lieu of Offices Abolished:

In the Lord Chamberlain's Department

- - Lord Steward -

- - Master of the Horse -

- - Master of the Robes -

£■ §. d.

2,2QO 0 0

300 0 0

275 0 Q

i,375 0 0

300 0 0

825 0 0

225 0 0

825 0 0

225' 0 0

712 10 O

2,200 0 0

1,050 0 0

375 0 0

750 0 0

420 0 0

225 0 0

187 io O

885 0 0

doo 0 0

285 0 0

450 0 0

450 0 0

187 10 O

187 10 O

180 0 0

1,297 17 6

1,312 10 0

1,312 10 0

doo 0 0

doo 0

doo 0 0

1,312 10 0

187 10 0

150 0 0

8-25 0 0

225 0 0

82,471 14 43

54,246 5 4

64,693 8 4 i

19,962 15 4

981 16 0

1,195 l 0

2,473 0 0

33,673 8 3

177,225 H 1

2,250 0 0

20,337 15 9

1,155 0 0

21,854 H 74

10,027 12 8

8lO O O

450 O O

1,500 O O

H5 O O

53 6 8

9,000 0 0

4,875 0 0

73,02 8 9 H

7,699 12 O

M,935 7 4

5,054 3 2

45,552 0

8,874 10 0

19,6‘22 0 0

2,325 0 0

5, OQ3 5 0

i,ido 12 0

151 4 0

110,467 13 10

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

653

Appendix (O.)—Account of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil Lilt—continued.

SEVENTH CLASS: Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department £• 6,150 lo d. 16

Sir John Hynde Cotton - 5 6 8

Vicar of the Tower - - 6 13 4

Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate - - 7 0 0

- - -St. John the Baptist - - 7 13 4

- - - St. Michael, Cornhill - - 12 4 0

- - - St. M ignus - - 21 4 8

Schoolmatter, Southwell - - 10 0 0

University of Oxford, for a Preacher 10 0 0

- 13 6 8

- 40 0 0

- 40 0 0

- 400 0 0

- 200 0 0

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity - - 10 0 0

- 10 0 0

- 13 6 8

- 40 0 0

- 40 0 0

- 40 Lf 0 0

- 200 0 0

Emanuel College, Cambridge - ’ - - l6 13 4

Dean and Chapter of Litchiield - 10 0 0

Vicar of Litchfield - - , - - 15 0 0

Master of the’1 e nple - - 37 6 8

Corporation of Dartmouth - - 40 0 0

Prea< ici at Hampton Court - - - - 40 0 0

Fello vs of Eton College - - . - 42 0 0

Mayo: of Macclesfield, for a Preac her - 50 0 0

Ministers of the Savoy - - 60 0 0

D° - — I fie of Man - - 100 0 0

Co: poration of Lyme Regis - - 100 0 0

lit i of Colonel Fairfax - - -. - 100 0 0

D° Nicholas \rate9 - - - - 100 0 0

Corporation of Berwick - - 100 0 0

Bdhop of Chester, for 4 Preachers - 200 0 0

Profeff’or of Astronomy - . 320 0 0

Treasurer of Chilli's Hospital - - - - 37o 10 0

Chancellor of the Garter - - 57° 5 0

President of the Council - - 4,600 0 0

Keeper of the Privy Seal - 3,000 0 0

Governor of Windsor Castle - - 182 10 O

Constable of Dover Castle - - 4,100 0 0

Masters in Chancery - 1,100 0 0

Chief Just ice in Eyre, N° of Trent - 2,250 0 0

D® - S° of Trent - 2,316 13 4

Attorney General - - 81 6 8

Solicitor General - 70 0 0

Advocate General - - 20 0 0

His Majesty's Council at Law - - 1,600 0 0

King's Prime Serjeant - - 4i 6 10

Clerks of the Council - - 1,400 0 0

Keeper of the Council Chamber - 164 5 0

Officers of the Ceremonies - - 5*21 13 4

Officers of the Bath - - 5°° 0 0

King's Heralds and Purfuivants at Aims - - 5L3 6 8

His Majesty's Serjeants at Arms - 1,003 15 0

Officers of the Ordnance - - 4,3 11 8

Warden of Windsor Fo!eft - - 587 9 11

Keeper of 1 lampton Court Park - 74 3 4

Ranger of St. James's and Hyde Parks - L7;?2 0 0

Constable of Dean Foicfl - - 2 :o 0 0

Warden of Waltham Forest - - »- - 270 0 0

Riding Forestei, New Forest - - 5 00 0 0

Ranger and Under keepers ot Richmond PiV'k - 178 10 0

Out Ranger of Windft r Forest - - 6 jo 0 0

Keeper of the House Park at Wnidfor - boo 0 0

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor Castle - ‘25 0 0

Keeper of the Records at the Tower - 500 0 0

Keeper of the Council Records - - 500 0 0

Keeper of the Records at Whiteh all - 160 0 0

Keeper of the Records of Forfeited Estates - 200 0 0

Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries - 300 0 0

Houlckeeper at Westminster - - 9 2 6

Keeper of the Lions in the 'Power - 228 2 6

Keeper of the ennis Courts - - 132 3 4

.Undfcrkeepers of Cranbourn Chace - 20 0 0

Ranker of Salcey Forrft - 40 0 0

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks 150 0 0

Knight Harbinger - - 105 16 8

Latin Secretary - * 280 0 0

Surveyor General, Lands - - 1,000 0 6

Surveyor of Woods - - 100 0 0

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue - - 300 0

Another - - - - " 0

Another ----- * 100 O

Digefters of Records at Whitehall -Mailer of the Hawks - -

Examiner of Plays -

Gentlemen Ulher of tilt? Black Rod -Master of Mechanics -

Clerk, I Ioufe of Commons -

Clerk Afliltant D°

Messenger of the Press h -

Engraver of Seals -

Auditor of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pells -

Deputy Chamberlains, Exchequer -Keeper of Records, Court of Exchequer Deputy Chainbcilains, for sorting Records Senior Tellers, Exchequer -

Three others — 1) -

Auditors Clerk, Tally Court -Clerk of the Pells, Tally Court -Auditors Clerk for Extra Business -Register of Loans -

Chamberlains, Exchequer -

I *< ity Chamberlains for striking Tallies -

Two others for D° -

Me enger- of the Exchequer -

Grooms of D® -

Clerks - oi D® on their Latin Order -Porter - of D° -

Curfitor Baron, Court of Exchequer -Solicitor in D°

Clerk of the Pipe -

Pipe Officers -

Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in said Office -2d Secondary - - in D® -Clerks - - - in D° -

King's Clerk Crown (iftice -

Clerk Foreign Estreats, Court Common Pleas Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer -Clerk of the Tsichills -

# King's Remembrancer -Secondaries and Clerks -Clerk of the Pleas and his Clerks -

Clerk of the *e*gn Estreats ——

Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Ulher of the Exche tuer, for Pay of Watchmen - For Swannimote Courts in Win ifor Forelt Under Clerks of i;-e Council, for Extra Business -Clerk o; the Hanaper, for Expence of the Office -Officers Committee of Trade -

Corporation of Lyme Regis, lor repairing the Pier

EIGHTH CLASS:

Commissioners of the Treasury -Firtl Commissioner of D® -Chancellor of the Exchequer -D° - -

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England For the Relief of the French Poor Protestant Clergy D® - - - of the Laity -

Archbishop of York, for Arabic Professors -Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury -D® - - - Kensington Palace and Garden -

Secretary of State, Foreign Department, Deficiency of Fees -D° - - - Home - D° - - D° -

Treasury ----- - D°-

D® - - - Contingent Expences -

Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Import on Wine -

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches, et al. -Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer and Offices

of the Tally Court ......

Expences of St. James's and Hyde Parks -Lord Chamberlain, to pay Aleftengers Bills Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office -Extra Extraordinaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts, 1802 -

Governor of the Ille of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts -

Incidents in Office of Committee of Trade -

Expences of Windsor Great Park -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements

■6

£■ s. d.

f’7, J 0 0

L572 10 d

400 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

IO 0 0

600 0 0

50 0 0

265 0 10

238 10* 0

40 0 0.

900 0 0

80 0 0

8 6 8

.. 23 15 0

H 2 6

1 5 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

26 1 8

0 0

0 10 p

606 16 10

0 10 0

30 0 0

20 0 0

6516 8

150 0 0

107 4

64 11 8

64 2 I

9 0 0

26 13 4

11 5 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

40 0 0

20 0 0

55 *7 4

15 13 4

6 lo d

96 13 4

6,000 0 0

ic4 8 0

40 0 0

400 0 0

3>35o 0 0

iOO 0 0

59,557 1 4

8,000 0 0

4,022 0 0

1,600 0

200 0 0

13,822 0 0

830 0 0

1,718 4 0

6,87a 16 0

100 0 0

52 14 0

150 0 0

4>74* 18 3

3,27816 3

5,434 3 9 b

1,512 6 9

100 16

1,828 5 4

L577 6 3

167 14 10

1,515 2 i

435 13

5,528 10 0

318 15 4 J

2,749 13 5

3-38'; 4 4

33 H 1

42,655 13 lo|

Appendljrj

(No.

2 p" Marti/, continued.

660

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix. (No. 30.) 29° Mart it, continued.

Appendix (O.)—Account of the Debt of His Majesty's Civil List—continued.

ABSTRACT of the aforegoing ACCOUNT:

First Class - - - Royal Family -

Second Class - * Lord Chancellor, Speaker of House of Commons, Judges, et al. -Third Class - - Ministers at Foreign Courts -

Fourth Class -- Bills of Tradesmen and Artificers ——

Fifth Class - - - Menial Servants of the Household -

Sixth Class - - - Penftons and Compensations -

Seventh Class - Salaries of other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues -Eighth Class - - Lords of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer -Occasional Payments -

the Civil List, as follows; viz.

Dispofcable Money in the Exchequer ——

By Amount due to the Civil List for Sums issued thereout for Public Services -

Balance of Debt

£■ '• d.

35,625 0 0

- 8,217 10 0

82,471 14

177,225 14 1

73,028 9 110,467 13 H to

- 59,557 1 4

- 13,822 0 0

42,655 13 10J

to 603,070 17 3

*3

6 158,253 18 82

£ 444,816 18 6*

N.B.—The following Sums are also due to the Civil List, but as they arc not at present an available Fund, they are not included in the

above Account; but Credit will be given for them when repaid.

£• d.

Advanced to Matthew Bolton, on Account of Copper Coinage, prior to 5th January 1802 - ----- 7,433 12 6

To William Hulkifibn, Esq. for Copper Coin provided for the Island of Ceylon -To Mitchell Woodyer, Esq. in Advance of the Salaries to thc Commissioners for thelfte of Trinidad To William Chinnery, Esq. for sundry Articles provided for the Office of Surveyor Gen1 of Trinidad Uis Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, to complete an Advance of £. 15,000, to be repaid by Instalments of £, 750 a Quarter, the first Payment to be made on the 10th October 1805 -

The Four last Sums were advanced in the Years 1802 and 1803 £. 20,910 17 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ?

27th February 1804. 3 -Al Vanjittart«

£. 8,100 9 10

- 4.747 7

1,063 o 6

- 7,000 o o

Appendix (P.)

An ACCOUNT of the PAYMENTS which have been made on 5th January 1804, in Discharge of the DEBT of the CIVIL LIST on the 5th January 1802; shewing the Excess or Diminution of the Charges paid, as compared with the Estimate of the Debt laid before Parliament.

FIRST CLASS:

The Queen

11 is Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -- D° - for the Support of the Princess Charlotte -

His R. H. the Duke of York -

His R. H.the Duke of Clarence -

The Duchess of Cumberland -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge -Debt incurred by Her Majesty on Account of the younger Branches of the Royal Family ......

SECOND CLASS:

The Lord Chancellor ......

Speaker of the House of Commons ......

The Judges of England The Justices of Wales -

The Justices of Chester ......

THIRD CLASS:

Portugal - - - - Envoy Ex. and Plen. ..... D° — Ext. Disbursements -Secretary of Legation -

Charge des AiTaires ......

Turiu ----- Envoy Ex. and Plen. ..... D° - - Ext Disbursements -Secretary of Legation ——

Charge deg Affaires

Estimate of Debt Payments which More than Less than

of Civil List, have been made

as per Account for Charges in the Account of the Account of

prefen ted to Arrear, on Debt presented to Debt presented to

Parliament 1802. in 5th January 1802. Parliament. Parliament.

£ s. d. s. d. £. s. d. £■ *.

14>5°° 0 0 14,500 0 0

15,000 0 0 15,000 0 0 — —

21,967 0 7? 21,967 0 73 — —

3,000 0 0 3,000 0 0 — —

625 0 0 625 0 0 — —

1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 — —

2,000 0 0 2,000 0 0 — '

28,63417 4 28,634 17 4 — —

86,726 17 n? 86,726 17 ii3 — —

2,500 0 0 2,500 0 0 ... _M —

920 0 0 920 0 0 — —*■

11,25° 0 0 11,250 0 0 —— 4 9

1,200 0 0 1,195 10 9i *

615 0 0 615 0 0 ' [

16,485 0 0 16,480 10 92 ~ - 4 9 ai

5,688 0 0 5,688 0 0

620 8 °2 720 8 °3 100 0 0 —

125 0 O 125 0 0 — "

422 0 0 422 0 0 — —

1A7 0 O 1,647 0 0 z

450 0 0 45° 0 0 — —

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

661

Account of the Payments in Discharge of the Debt of the Qivil Lift—continued.

Appendix (P.>

Kii pies

Florence-----

THIRD CLAS S—continued.

Envoy Ex. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires -

Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Affaires -

Constantinople - AmbalTador - -

Secretary of legation Secretary of Embafiy

Vienna-----Envoy Ext. and Plen.

Secretary of Legation Russia - - - — Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation Secretary of Embafiy D° — Disbursements Berlin — - — Envoy Ext. and Pleu.

Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires -

Sweden -----Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation Charge des Afiaires -

Denmark-----Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Afiaires -Drefden - — - Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D* - - Ext. Diflnirfements Secretary of Legation I Ians Towns - - Relident -

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Afiaires -Elector Palatine:

Envoy Ext, and Plen.

D* - - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Affaires -Secretary of Legation -Elector of Cologne:

Minister Plen. -D° - - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Afiaires - -

America----- Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - - Ext. Disbursements Extra Extra* - - - D* Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaires -Landgrave Ilefle Catiel:

Minister -

Congress at Amiens:

Secretary of Embafiy D° — Ext. Disbursements Afiistant Secretary to D° -Consul at Madrid -

- - - Cadiz -

- - - Carthagena -

- - - Naples -

- - - Genoa -

- - - Morocco -

- - - Tunis - -

- - - Tripoli

- - - D* -

- - - Algiers

- - - D° - -

- - - Trieste -

- - - Majorca -

Consul General to America -

Consul to the Middle and Southern States -

D° - - in N® and S® Carolina and Georgia -

D° - - Virginia -

D# — at Massachusets Bay -

Agent and Consul to Lower Saxony - /-

Conftfl for Zaiite, CoHu, &c. -

TOURTH CLASS:

Bills in the LordP Chamberlain’s Department D®

D*

D°

D®

D*

D*

Extra Disbursements Extra Disbursements

- - Lord Steward

- - Mailer of the Ilorfe -

- - Mailer of the Robes -

- - Cfiier Court of Exchequer -

- - for Stationary, Lords and Commons

- - for Printing -

Estimate of Debt Payments which Less than

of Civil List, have been made More than

as per Account for Charges in the Account of the Account of

presented to Parliament in Arrear, on sth January bent prefen ted to Debt presented to

1802. 1801. Parliament; Parliament;

£■ s. d. £■ 8. d. £• *• d. £• S- d.

* A 5.499 0 0 5,2*9 O 0 - - . 1S0 0

- - - 59318 0 ♦1,198 l8 0 1,706 0 0 —

- - - 159 0 0 159 O 0 — —

- - " - A 490 0 0 490 0 0 ,—

- - - 4>39* 6 O 4,392 O 0 — - - i

- - - 600 0 0 600 0 0 — .:

- - - 286 0 O 186 O 0 — '• — ‘

- - - 7.849 17 7,842 *7 oi — ( —

- - 549 O 0 549 O 0 — . —: . 1

- - - 662 19 4 661 19 4 — :—

- - - 8,285 H 10,914 5- 7 2,6l8 11, 4S

- - - »33 13 792 11 H - - 41 1 0

- - - 8,178 11 42 8,155 14 3 - - 11 17 11

- - - 955 It 1 955 11 1 — —

- - - 549 O 0 549 0 0 — —

- - - 522 O 0 522 0 0 — —

- - - 28412 3j 184 11 3i — —

- - - 7,842 17 7,842 17 oj —* — •

- - - 288 0 0 289 0 0 —

- •i - 5* 0 0 204 0 0 152 O 0 . *—

- - - >.095 0 0 1,095 0 0 .— —

- - 23S 17 9 238 17 9 . — . —

- - - 549 0 0 549 0 0 - — —

- - - 0 0 546 0 0 •—

- - - 1,095 0 0 1,095 0 0 — —.

- - - 238 J7 9 238 17 9 — —

- - - 121 0 0 111 0 0 — —

- - - 4>39* 0 0 4>39* 0 0 — —

- - - 600 0 0 600 0 0 — —*

- - - 549 0 0 549 0 0 — —

1,647 0 0 1,647 0 0 —- —

- - - 450 0 0 450 0 0 —

- - - 354 0 0 480 0 8 0 116 O 0 —*

- - - 2,745 0 0 2,745 O 0 —

- - - 600 0 0 600 0 0 , — —

- - - 138 0 0 752 O 0 614 O 0 * —

- - - 320 0 0 320 0 0 —

- - - 1,569 0 0 1,569 0 0 — —

- - - 375 0 0 418 6 8 53 6 8

520 0 0 510 0 0 —

- - - 4,392 0 0 4,392 0 0 — —

- - - 600 0 0 600 0 0 — —

- - - 1,500 0 0 1,500 0 0 — —

- - - 549 0 0 549 0 0 — —

801 0 0 801 0 0 ___ *

461 6 9l 461 6 9i — —

- - - 130 0 0 130 0 0 — —

- - - - - 74 H 3 74 14 3 —1

- - - 93* 7 9$ 108 13 4l 115 5 61 186 15 71

1,500 0 0 ii3i3 4 4i - -

300 0 0 300 0 0 — *

450 0 0 450 0 0 — —

600 0 0 600 0 0 —

375 0 0 375 0 0 — —

L770 0 0 1,770 0 0 —

1,100 0 0 1,100 0 0 —

315 5 5i 56819 a 253 13 7i —

- - - 900 0 0 - . - - 900 0

- 900 0 0 900 0 0 —

- - - 652 0 6 652 0 6 — r 1

375 0 0 375 0 0 — r ~*

375 0 0 375 0 0 —

- - . - 2,595 15 0 2,595 15 0 —

- - - 2,615 0 0 2,625 0 0 — ■

- - - 1,100 0 0 1,200 0 0 — •

1,100 0 0 1,100 0 0 — ■

- - - 1,100 0 0 1,200 0 0 — ‘

- - - 710 0 0 710 0 0 — ■

- - - 300 0 0 300 0 0

£■ 102,136 13 3* 108,435 9 nj 7,62911 5? V43o 14 9i

117,900 1 2| 130,606 5 51 2,706 4 3

135,349 7 9 135,349 7 9 — —

- - - 41,916 11 4 41.926 11 4 — —

- - - 4,320 1 0 4,320 1 0 — —

- - - 2,710 13 8 2,726 3 8 5 10 0

- - - 5,601 10 9i 5,633 11 lj 32 0 4l —

- - - 33,681 1 9 33,682 1 9 —; 1 * —

£ 351,500 8 6i 354,244 3 «* 2,74314 7l

Appendix, '(No. 30.) 29® Martiiy

continued.

Vol.

8 F

662

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 30.)

*9® continued.

Account of the Payments in Discharge of the Debt of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (P.)

FIFTH CLASS:

Lord Chamberlain's Salary Salaries in his Department -Lord Steward's Salary Salaries in his Department D* - - Matter of the Horse D° - - Matter of the Robes Vice Chamberlain s Salary -Groom of the Stole D° Apothccaiy to His Majesty D° - - to the Household Gentlemen of the Bedchamber -Grooms - - of D°

SIXTH CLASS:

Pensions without Fees ——

D° - - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions, and in lieu of Apartments at Somerset House -D° - - to the late Queens Servants, and to the Princefe Dowager '

of Wales's D° ......

D° — by Sign Manual -

D® - by Patents -

D° - - to late Foreign Ministers -

Compensations in lieu of Offices Aboliffied:

In the Lord Chamberlain s Department

- - - Lord Steward - Matter of the Horse

- - - Matter of the Robes

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain's Department Sir John Hynde Cotton - -

Vicar of the Tower -

Poor of St. Botolph Aldgate.

- - - St. John the Baptill -

-----St. Michael, Cornhill -

-----St. Magnus -

Sclioolmaster, Southwell -Dniverfity of Oxford, for a Preacher -

----- Frofefior of Divinity

----- Law -

...... Physic

----- - History

----- ----- - Botany

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity

- - for a Preacher -

----- Profettor of Divinity

- - -- -- - Law ----- - Physic

----- - lliftory

----- - Botany

Emanuel College, Cambridge -Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Vicar of Litchfield -Matter of the Temple -

Corporation of Dartmouth -

Preacher at Hampton Court -

Fellows of Eton College -Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher Ministers of the Savoy -

D° - - - Isle of Man -

Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax ——

D* - Nich® Yates - -Corporation of Berwick -Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -Profelfor of Astronomy -Treasurers of Christ’s Hospital -

Chancellor of the Garter - -

President of the Council -Keeper of the Privy Seal -Governor of Windsor Castle -

Constable of Dover Cattle ——

Matters in Chancery -Chief Justice in Eyre, N° of Trent D° - S° of Trent Attorney General -

Eftiniate of Debt Payments which More than Less than

of Civil List, 1 have beeen made the Account of the Account of

as ner Account for Charges in

prefen ted to Arrear, Debt presented to Debt presented to

Parliament in on 5th January Parliament. Parliament.

1802. 1802.

£■ «• dI £■ d. £■ *■ d. £. s. <L

, 5,250 0 0 5,250 0 0 — —

46.73s 15 1 46,736 15 1 —

2,695 0 0 2,695 0 0 — 206 O

50,925 19 oj 50,719 19 oj - - 0

23,264 4 2 23,263 14 2 - - O IO 0

1,890 0 0 1,890 0 0 •— —

1,050 0 0 1,050 0 0 — —

3,500 0 0 3,500 0 0 — —

201 5 0 201 5 0 •—* —

93 6 8 93 6 8 — —

2 1,000 0 0 20,987 2 3 - - 12 17 9

11,375 0 0 n,375 0 0 —

167,981 9 1J 167,762 2 2 j - - 219 7 9

16,85217 0 16,880 7 0 27 10 0

t 3*,324 9 4 3‘,34s 8 8f 23 *9 4 h —

> 376 5 0 376 5 0 — —

) 20<5 l6 5 206 16 5 — —

J 9,293 12 0 i 9,2»7 15 oi - - 5 *7 o|

• 65,505 7 8 65,555 10 nj 50 3 3f —

' 19,929 17 6 19,929 17 6 — . —

39,503 14 3 39,503 13 5 ~ - * 0 0 10

182,992 19 3 183,088 14 03 101 12 8;: 5 17 10J

6,273 0 0 6,273 0 0 - _____

- 12,157 19 4 12,157 19 4 —— —

2,696 8 7 2,697 8 7 1 0 0 —

352 16 0 352 16 0 — —

• 204,473 3 2 204,569 17 ni 102 12 n 5 17 loj

11,930 11 o| 11,930 11 0$ -

9 6 8 9 8 — —

11 13 4 11 13 4 — —

12 5 0 12 5 0 — —

13 8 4 13 3 4 — —

21 7 0 21 7 0 — —

37 3 2 37 3 2 — —

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

23 6 8 23 6 8 % — —

- 70 0 0 70 0 0 — —

70 0 0 6515 5i - - 4 4 6J

- 700 0 0 65919 8A - - 40 0 si

350 0 0 350 0 0 — ®—

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

23 6 8 23 6 8 — —

70 0 0 70 0 0 — —

• 70 0 0 70 0 0 — ■—

700 0 0 700 0 0 — —

350 0 0 350 0 0 — *—

29 3 4 29 3 4 — —

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

26.5 0 26 5 0 — ' —

65. g 8 65 6 8 — —

70 0 0 70 0 0 — —

70 0 0 70 0 0 — —

0 73 10 0 — —

87 10 0 87 10 0 — —

105 0 0 105 0 0 — —

175 O 0 175 0 0 — -—

175 O 0 175 0 0 — — *

175 O 0 175 0 0 — —

0 *75 0 0 — —

175 0 0 *75 0 0 — —

350 0 0 350 0 0 — —

560 0 0 560 0 0 — —

648 7 6 648 7 6 — —

997 18 9 99718 9 — —

7,000 0 0 7,000 0 0 — —

5,*56 5 0 5,256 5 0 — —

320 0 0 320 0 0 — —

7,«75 0 0 7.'75 0 0 — /

1,925 0 0 1,924 3 5 - - 0 16 7

3,937 10 0 3-937 10 0 — —

- 6,066 13 4 4,061 3 *h - 2,005 9 -1

142 6 8 142 6 8 n — 1

44 Geo. III.

Appendix

663

Account of the Payments in Discharge of the Debt of the Civil List—continued.

Appendix (P.)

SEVENTH CLASS—continued. Solicitor General -

Advocate General -

His Majesty's Council at Law -

King's Prime Serjeant -

Clerks of the Council -

Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Officers of the Ceremonies -

Officers of the B&th -

King's Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms -

H. M. Serjeants at Arms -

Officers of the Ordnance -

Warden of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of Hampton Court Park - -

Ranger of St. James's and Hyde Parks

Constable of Dean Forest -

Warden of Waltham Forest -

Riding Forester, New Forest -

Ranger and Underkeepers of Richmond Park

Out Rangers of Windsor Forest ——

Keeper of the House Park at Windsor - -• -

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor Castle -

Keeper of the Records at the Tower

Keeper of the Council Records - -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Keeper of Records of Forfeited EHates

Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries «r - . -

Housekeepeer at Westminster - - , - -

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts - - * -

Uaderkeepere of Cranbouin Chace

Ranger of Salcey Forest - * r -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks -

Knight Jlarbinge^ ——

Latin Secretary. - - •- -

Surveyor General Lands - - - _: - -

Surveyor of Woods -- -> - 7

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue . -

Another - - * . - . - - , -

Another - - - - . -

Digefters of Records at Whitehall ——

One of the Solicitors of the Treasury - - -

Master of the Hawks ——

Examiner of Plays -

Gentlemen Uftier of the Black Rod

Master of Mechanics -

Clerk House Commons -

Clerk Assistant D° -

Messenger of the Press -

Engraver of Seals - - - . -

Auditor of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pells -

Deputy Chamberlains, Exchequer -

Keeper of Records, Court of Exchequer -

Deputy Chamberlains for sorting Records -

Senior Tellers, Exchequer -

Three others,* D° - - - -

Auditors Clerks, Tally Court -

Clerk of the Pells, Tally Court -

Auditors Clerk, for extra Business -

Register of Loans -

Chamberlains Exchequer -

Deputy Chamberlains, for striking Tallies -

Two others, for D° -

Messengers of the Exchequer -

Grooms of - - D° - -

Clerks of - - D° - - - on their Latin Order -

Porter of - - - D* ——

Curfitor Baron, Court of Exchequer -

Solicitor inD° -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Pipe Officers -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer ——

Two Secondaries in said Office, ——

Second Secondary D° ——

Clerks in D° " - -

King's Clerk, Crown Office -

Clerk Foreign Eitreats, Common Pleas -

Foreign Appoler in the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Nichills -

King's Remembrancer -

Secondaries and Clerks -

Clerk of the Pleas, and his Clerks

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats -

Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Uftier of the Exchequer, for pay of Watchmen -

For Swannimote Courts in Windsor Forest -

Under Clerks of the Council, for extra Business

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent

Estimate of Debt Payments which More than Less than the Account of

of Civil List, as per Account have been made for Charges in the Account of

presented to Parliament in Arrear, on 5th January Debt presented to Parliament. Debt presented to

1802. 1802. Parliament.

£■ s. d. £■ d. £■ '■ d. £. s. 4.

122 10 0 122 10 0 *

35 0 0 35 0 0 —

1,400 0 0 1,856 2 7k 456 a —

72 6 llj 7* 6 114 — —

M50 0 0 2,450 0 0 —

28715 0 287 15 0 —- —

913 6 8 913 6 8 — —

875 0 0 875 0 Q; , —

898 6 8 898 6 8 — —

1,760 0 0 1,760 0 0 — —

750 10 5 750 lo 5 . —

1,028 2 ii 1,028 2 4i — —

129 16 8 129 16 8 — —

3,031 0 0 3,031 0 0 — —

3^7 10 0 367 10 0 — —

472 10 0 472 10 0: —

875 0 9 875 0 0 — —

313 3 0 264 0 95 49 2

1,050 0 0 1,050 0 0 — —

1,050 _ 0 0 1,050 0 0 — —.

43 15 0 43 15 0 — —

875 0 0 875 0 0 — —

875 0 0 875 0 0 — —

280 0 0 280 0 0 — —

350 . 0 0 350 0 0 —

5*5 0 0 525 0 0 ( — —

16 . 0 0 16 0 0 — —

400 0 0 295 0 0 - - 105 0 0

231 6 8 231 6 8 — —

35 0 0 35 0 0 . —

70 0 0 48 4 10 - - - 21 15

262 10 0 262 10 0 — —

343 6 8 343 6 8 — —

490 . 0 0 490 0 0 — —

1,750 . 0 0 1,750 0 0 —

175 0 0 175 0 0 — —

175 0 0 175 0 0 — —

5^5 0 0 525 0 0 — —

700 0 0 700 0 0 — —

1,347 10 P 1,488 3 2l 140 13 2£ —

2*01 17 6 2,401 17 6 — —

700 0 0 700 0 0 / —

350 0 0 35° 0 0 — . —

262 10 0 262 10 0 — —

17 10 0 17 10 0 — —

1,050 0 0 1,050 0 0 —

87 10 0 87 10 0 — —

805 5 10 805 5 lO — —

643 11 3 643 11 3 — —

7o 0 0 70 0 0 — —

1,575 0 0 U575 0 0 — —

140 0 0 140 0 0 — ■—

8 6 8 8 6 8 — —

23 15 0 23 15 0 — —

14 2 6 14 2 6 — —

1 5 0 1 5 0 —■ —

200 0 0 800 0 6 600 0 0 r—

87 10 0 400 0 0 312 10 0 —

26 1 8 26 1 8 — —

5 0 0 5 0 0 — —

2 10 0 2 10 0 — —

6 16 10 6 16 10 — —

0 10 0 0 10 0 — —

52 10 0 52 10 0 — —

35 0 0 37 4 5 245 —

156 13 4 i56 13 4 — —

262 10 0 262 10 0 — —

187 12 3i 187 12 sl ■— —

113 0 5 113 0 5 — —

112 3 li 112 3 7! — —

15 15 0 15 15 0 —

46 13 4 4613 4 — —

19 13 9 19 13 9 — —

87 10 0 87 10 0 — —

35 0 0 35 0 0 — —

70 0 0 30 0 0 - t O O

35 0 0 35 0 0 —

97 15 4 97 15 4 — —

27 8 4 27 8 4 — —

11 7 6 11 7 6 — —

169 3 4 169 3 4 — —

10,500 0 0 10,500 0 0 — —

104 8 0 104 8 0 — —

70 0 0 70 0 0 — —

800 0 0 800 0 0 — —

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29° Ma,

continued.

G64

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 30.) 2 90 Mart Hi

continued.

Account of the Payment in Discharge of the Debt of the Civil List, kc.—continued.

Appendix (P.)

SEVENTH C L A S S—continued.

Clerk of the Hanaper, for expence of the Office -

Officer* Committee of Trade -

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Pier

EIGHTH CLASS:

Commissioners of iheTreafuiy -

First Commissioner of D° -Chancellor of the Exchequer -

D° ......

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Messenger of the Exchequer, on an Allowance -Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -

D° - -- - Ireland ——

French Protestant Clergy -

D° - - - Laity -

Ministers of the Vaudois Churclies, et al. - -

Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury -D° - - Kensington Palace and Garden -Expences of Windfrr Great Park -

Archbishop of York, for Arabic Professors ——

Incident* in Office of Committee of Trade

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer and Officers of the Tally Court ——

Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

Mayor, Aldermen, &c. for Imports on Wine - - r

Expences on Account of St. James's and Hyde Parks -

Contingent Expences of State Paper Office -

Special Service ——

Reimbnrferr.ent of Expences for His Majesty’s Service -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -

Presents to Foreign Ministers -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of" Felons and Overpayments -

Passage of a Minister to the West Indies -

Lord Chamberlain, to pay Messengers Bills -

Governor of the !fle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accompt -

Treasury Incidents, for the years 1797-8-9, 1800, and 1801 -

Extra-Extraordinaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts -

Estimate of Debt of Civil List, as per Account prefen ted to Parliament in 1802. Payments which have been made for Charges in A r rear, on 5th January 1802. More than the Account of Debt prelected to Parliament. Lei's than the Account of Debt prefen ted to Parliament.

£■ '■ d. £■ s. £. s. d. IS 1 N

500 O O 500 0 0 — —

5,862 10 0 5,813 12 2$ - 43 17 9§

IOO O O IOO O O — —

105,63-2 16 8 104,829 O 9 1,511 IO 2j *,315 6 2j

14,000 0 0 14,000 O O

7,038 10 0 7,038 IO O — —

2,800 0 0 2,800 O O -i— —

350 0 0 350 O O — 1

24,188 IO O 24,188 IO O —

1,050 O O 812 4 o\ - - - *37 15 11}

1,700 O O 1,700 0 0 — —

800 O O 800 0 0 > — —

3,006 17 0 3,006 17 0 — —

12,027 8 0 12,027 8 0 — —

3>199 9 4 3,199 9 4 — —

324 8 6 *43 6 44 - . - 8l 2 1$

9* 4 < 92 4 6 — —

7>i>4 4 6 7,807 13 6 693 9 O —

1,050 0 0 150 O O - - - 900 O

4,831 19 10J 5,468 15 5j 636 15 7 —

280 O O 67° 5 3 390 5 3 —

5,037 2 O 5,037 * 0 — —

100 16 O 96 12 O - 4 4

797 3 n 799 »o 34 a 6 44

768 19 3J 768 19 3-4 — —

38,381 0 0 38,630 15 J°i *49 15 io$ —

2,606. 3 6 728 12 10 2,606 3 6 728 12 10 — —

— —

3,868 5 0 a,79i 5 0 - 1,077 0 0

6,074 7 4l 6,074 7 4i — —

20 O O 20 0 0 — —

L333 14 0 1,333 14 0 — —

697 1 o{ 318 15 4i 378 5

- 5,79* * 4 5,792 2 4 —

- 560 0 0 560 O O —

95,889 16 8| 1 101,536 3 4i 8,3*4 14 5i 2,678 7 9

ABSTRACT OF THE AFOREGOING ACCOUNT.

( ' £. d. £. s. d. £. *. d. I £. i.

First Class - - Royal Family Second Class - Lord Chancellor, Speaker of the House of Commons, Judges, et al. - 86,726 17 nf 16,485 0 0 86,726 17 lif 16,480 10 gf 4 9 *1

Third Class -- Ministers at Foreign Courts - 102,236 13 34 108,435 9 ni 6,198 16 *—

Fourth Class - - Bills of Tradesmen and Artificers - 351,500 8 6f 354,*44 3 i£ 2,743 14 7i —

Fifth Class - - - Menial Servants of the Household - 167,981 9 1 if 167,762 2 24 - *19 7 9

Sixth Class - - Pensions and Compensations - *4,473 3 * 204,569 17 lif 96 14 9f —

Seventh Class - Salaries of other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues ----- 105,632 16 -8f 104,829 0 9 - - - 803 15 nf

Eighth Class - - Lords of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer ----- Occasional Patmxnts ----- 24,188 10 0 95,889 16 84 24,188 10 0 101,536 3 44 5,646 6 84 _ - ,

£■ 1,155,1*4 16 3f 1,168,772 16 24 14,685 12 9i 1,027 ii 11

Amount of Sums directed to be issued, but remaining unpaid at the

Exchequer - 6,028 18 8f 1,652 14 4f - - * 4.376 4 4

£■ 1,161,143 15 oj 1,170,425 10 7 1 - 14,685 12 94 5,403 17 3

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

*J7th February 1804. y N. Vansittart.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

665

Appendix (Q.)

An ACCOUNT of the Manner in which the DEBT has arisen, from 5th Janaary 1802 to the 5th January 1804; and the Actual Amount of the Deficiency, after taking Credit for the Auxiliary Funds granted by Parliament.

SUM provided by Parliament for Discharge of the DEBT prior to 5U1 January 1802;

£■ *• d- £■ *• d-

Money in the Exchequer on 5th

January 1802 - 155,388 1 10J

Repaid from Public Monies - 2,268 8 o

Fees of Suppressed Offices - - 6,000 o o

Sam voted for Bhlance of Debt - 990,053 o o

1,153.709 910$

CIVIL LIST REVENUES, for 1802 and 1803:

Annuity for the year 1802 Surplus of Exchequer Fees

Annuity for the year 1803 Surplus of Exchequer Fees Fees of Suppressed Offices

£ '•

900.000 O 20,696 lO

900.000 o 14>757 *3

7>15 o

N.B.—The Sum of £.1,161,143-. 15. of. intended to be provided by Parliament, proved deficient to the amount of £.7,433. 12. 6. Rated in the Report of 1802 as being expetfed to be repaid by Matthew Bolton, on account of Copper Coinage, but which Payment has not taken place; and a small fraction, 12#. 8 d. not voted.

£• 1>,53»709 9 7,433 i* 6 o 12 8

£.1,161,143 15 of

1. d.

1,842,604 3 4

Actual STATE of the DEBT prior to 5th

Deficiency, as Rated in Report 1802, page 65. -

Additional Deficiency, according to

the Account (P.)-£. 9,281 15 6£

D# - D° - unpaid on 5th January

1804 - - 783 o o

Total Deficiency -

Money received to discharge it -

Debt prior to 5th January 1802,7 ~ unprovided for - - -)

January 1802:

£• s. d. 1,161,143 13 of

10,064 15 6J 1,171,208 10 7

',153,709 9 1°J

17,499 o 8£

CHARGE on CIVIL LIST REVENUES, for 1802 and 1803:

Actual Charge of the year 1802, as per Account now presented —

- - D® - - of the year 1803, as per D°

Money received for the years 1802 and 1803

Deficiency -

Debt prior to 5th January 1802, unprovided 7 for, as above - - - - j

Total Deficiency, 5th January 1804 -

Sums advanced out of Civil Lifi in the years 1802' and 1803, on the several Accounts Rated in | Appendix (O.); and which, not being immediately available, make an Addition to the! present Deficiency of Fund -

£■ s. d.

1,100,160 2 H

1,148,851 2 i£

2,249,011 4 9i

1,842,604 3 4

406,407 1 .5*

17,499 0

423,906 2 2*

20,910 17 4

k

o> <£ 00 6±

Appendix, (No. 30.) 29* Martii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Estimated Charge on HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST REVENUES;

for the Quarter ending the 5th of April 1804.

30* Junii.

FIRST CLASS:

Royal Family.

His Majesty's Privy Purse -Her Majesty the Queen -His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales D° - for the support of the Princess Charlotte His Royal Highness the Duke of York His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence -The Duchess of Cumberland ....

SECOND CLASS:

Judges.

The Lord Chancellor -Speaker of the House of Commons -The Judges of England -The Just ices of Wales -The JuRices of CheRer -

THIRD CLASS: Foreign Ministers.

Spain

Envoy Extra* and Plenipo. Secretary of Legation

.Portugal - - - Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - Extra Diffiurfements Secretary of Legation

VOL. 59.

£• 4. d.

15,000 0 0

14>5°° 0 0

15,000 0 0

1^00 0 0

3,000 0 0

625 0 0

1,000 0 0

50,625 0 0

1,250 o o 450 o o 5,625 o o 600 o o 307 10 o

8,232-10 o

1,300 0 0

150 0 0

728 0 0

100 0 0

91 0 0

Third Class—continued.

Turin - -----MiniRer Plen.

D° - Extra Diffiurfements

Naples -----Envoy Ex. and Plen.

Secretary of Legation

Florence - - - Envoy Ext and Plen.

D° - Ext. Diffiurfements

ConRantinople - Ambassador -

Secretary of Embassy D° - Extra Diffiurfements

Holland - - - Envoy Ext. and Plen.

Secretary of Legation

Vienna ----- Ambassador -

Secretary of Legation D° - additional Allowance

Russia ----- Ambassador -

Secretary of Embassy D° - Extra Diffiurfements

Berlin - - - - Envoy Ext. and Plen. Sweden - -

Denmark-----

Envoy Extra D° - Extra Diffiurfements

Envoy Ext. and Plen.

D° - Extra Diffiurfements Secretary , of Legation

8 G ‘

£• s. d.

273 0 0

75 0 0

1,300 0 0

91 0 0

728 0 0

100 0 0

1,300 0 0

182 0 0

100 0 0

1,300 0 0

150 0 0

1,300 0 0

91 0 0

61 0 0

2,080 0 o1

182 0 0

100 0 0

1,300 0 0

455 0 0

100 0 a

728 0 0

100 0 0

91 0 0

Appendix, (No. 30.) 30*

continued. t-----

666

Appendix.

A. 1804

An Account of the Efiimated Charge on His Majel'ty', Civil List Revenues—continued.

Third Class—continued. £■ s. d.

Diefden Envoy Ext. and Plen. - +55 0 0

D* - Extra Disbursements - IOO 0 0

Secretary of Leeation - 91 0 0

I)® - additional Allowance - 6l 0 0

Hans Towns - - Agent and Consul - - _ 1*20 0 0

Agent at Rotterdam 6*2 0 0

Elector Palatine: Envoy Ext. and Plen. - 728 0 0

D° * Extra Disbursements - IOO 0 0

EledoT of Wurtemburg:

Envoy Ext. - - 455 0 0

L)° - Extra Disbursements - 100 0 0

Elector of Cologne and Elector of HelTe Cafiel:

Minister Plen. - 273 0 0

I)u - additional Allowance - 125 0 0

D° - Extra Disbursements - 75 0 0

Malta - - - - Minister Plen. . 273 0 0

D° - Extra Disbursements - 237 10 0

D° - Extra Extra Dilbt# - 75 0 0

America - - - Envoy Ext. and Plen. - 728 0 0

Du - Ext. Disbursements 100 0 0

Consul at Madrid - _ 250 0 0

- - - Cadiz - 140 0 0

- - Carthagena -• - 75 0 0

- - - Genoa ----- - 62 10 0

- - - Morocco - - — 295 0 0

- - - Tunis - - 200 0 0

- - - Tripoli 95 0 0

~ - Massachuset’s Bay - - 200 0 0

- - - Algiers ----- - 150 0 0

- - - D° - Extra Disbursements - - 146 7 10J

- - - Trieste ----- - 62 10 0

- - - Virginia ----- - 200 0 0

- - - Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica - 62 10 0

. - D° - - additional - 30 0 0

- - - Embden ----- - 81 10 9

Republic of Seven Islands: Consul 50 0 0

Relldent - - 270 0 0

D° - Ext. Dish* - 100 0 0

Consul at North and South Carolina - - 200 0 0

Consul General at America, Eartem States _ 432 12 6

- - f Southern States - 437 lO 0

- - - - at Grand Cairo - 437 IO 0

* - - - - Civita Vecchia - 62 10 0

£• 22,755 1

FOURTH CLASS:

Bills. Bills in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department 19,261 4 32

D° - - Lord Steward’s - - 23,212 *3 94

D° - - Mailer of the Horse 6,749 10 7

D° - - Mailer of the Robes - 972 12 0

D° - - Ulher of the Court of Exchequer - 538 1 6

D® - - for Stationary, Houses of Lords Commons - and 83916 84

- for Printing - . 5.76911 10

£ 57.343 10 81

FIFTH CLASS:

Salaries. Lord Chamberlain’s Salary - 75o 0 0

Salaries in his Department - - 6,785 8 7

Lord Steward’s Salary - 385 0 0

Salaries in his Department - - 7>32o 9 64

D° - Master of the Horse - - 3,621 0 10

D® - Master of the Robes - - 270 0 0

Vice Chamberlain’s Salary c Groom of the Stole’s D° - - 150 0 0

- 500 0 0

Apothecary to His Majesty - - 28 15 0

D° - - to the Household - - 13 6 8

Gentlemen of the Bedchamber - - 3,000 0 0

Grooms of D° ----- - 1,625 0 0

£■ 24.449 0 7 j

SIXTH CLASS: Pensions and Compensations.

Pensions without Fees - 2,104 7 0 ,

D® - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pen-1 lions, and in lieu of Apartments at > 3,876 H 4

Somerset House - - -D° - to the late Queen’s Servants, and to the 7 Princess Dowager of Wales D® - C 1,281 5 8

D® - by Sign Manual - - 11,63$ 0 1

Sixth Class—continued. £■ s. d.

Pensions by Patents - 2,l6l 2 6

D® - to late Foreign Ministers - - 6,247 IO U

Compensations in lieu of Offices abolished; >

viz.

In the Lord Chamberlain’s Department - - 75^ O 0

- - I/)i*d Steward * - - 1,203 15 0

- - Master of the Horse - - 381 8 7

* - Master of the Robes - * - 50 8 0

29,694 11 3l

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries, 6cc.

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department . O O 10 64

Sir John Hynde Cotton - 1 6 8

Vicar of the Tower - - - 1 1 0 1 O 4

Poor of St. Botolph Aldgate - - 1 <5 0

- - St. John the Baptist - - 1 18 4

- - St. Michael Cornhiil - - 3 l 0

- - St. Magnus - 5 6 •2

Schoolmaster, Southwell - - - 2 10 0

University of Oxford, for a Preacher - - - 2 10 0

- 3 6 8

- 10 0 0

- ... Phyftc - 10 0 0

- 100 0 0

50 0 0

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity - - 2 10 0

- - 2 10 0

3 6 8

Law - 10 0 0

Phvlic - 10 0 0

History 100 0 0

Botany 50 0 0

Emanuel College, Cambridge - - 4 3 4

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - - 2 10 0

Vicar of Litchfield - - 3 15 0

Master of the Temple - 9 6 8

Corporation of Dartmouth - - 10 0 0

Preacher at Hampton Court - - 10 0 0

Fellows of Eton College - 10 10 0

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - - 12 10 0

Ministers of the Savoy - - - >5 0 0

D° - - - Isle of Man - - 25 0 0

Corporation of Lyme Regis - - 25 0 0

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - - - 25 0 0

D° - Nicholas Yates - - - 25 0 0

Corporation of Berwick - 25 0 0

Bishop of Chester, for 4 Preachers - . - 50 0 0

Profclfor of Astronomy -Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital - - - 80 0 0

- - 92 12 6

Chancellor of the Garter - - 142 11 3

President of the Council - 1,000 0 0

Keeper of the Privy Seal - - 743 15 0

Governor of Windsor Castle - - 45 0 0

Constable of Dover Castle - - 1,025 0 0

Mailers in Chancery - - - 275 0 0

Chief Justice in Eyre N° of Trent - - 562 10 0

D° - - - - S° of Trent - - 579 3 4

Attorney General - - - 20 6 8

Solicitor General - - 17 10 0

Advocate General - - - 5 0 0

His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -King’s Prime Serjeant - 200 0 0

- - 10 6 H

Clerks of the Council - - - 350 0 0

Keeper of the Council Chamber - - - 40 15 0

Officers of the Ceremonies - * - - 130 0 0

Officers of the Bath - 125 0 0

King’s Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms - - 128 6 s

II. M. Serjeants at Arms - - 247 10 0

Officers of the Ordnance - - - - 106 12 11

•Warden of Windsor Fore ft - - 146 17 5|

Keeper of Hampton Court Park - - 18 10 0

Ranger of St. James and Hyde Parks - - 433 0 0

Constable of Dean Forest - - 52 10 0

Warden of Waltham Forest - - 67 10 0

Riding Forester of New Forest - - - 125 0 0

Ranger and Underkeepers of Richmond Park - 44 5 0

Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest - - - 150 0 0

Keeper of the House Park at Windsor - - 150 0 0

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor C astle - 6 5 0

Keeper of the Records at the Tower - - - 125 0 0

Keeper of the Council Records - - 125 0 0

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall - - - 40 0 0

Keepers of the Records of Forfeited Estates - 5° 0 0

Keeper of His Majesty’s X-ibi dries - - / 5 0 0

Houlekeeper at Wellminlter - - 2 5 0

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower - - 56 5 0

Keeper of the Tennis Courts - r 33 0 0

Underkeepers of Cranbourn Chace - - 5 0 0

Ranger of Salcey F01 eft * - - 10 0 0

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

667

An Accoimt of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues—continued.

Seventh Class—continued.

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks Knight Harbinger ——

Latin Secretary -

Surveyor General Lands - - . -

Surveyor of Woods -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Another -

Another -

J >igefters of Records at Whitehall -Mailer of the Hawks -

Examiner of Plays -

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod -

Mailer of Mechanics -

Clerk lloirfe of Commons -Clerk Assistant I)1 ——

Messenger of the Press -

Engraver of Seals -

Auditor of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pells -

Deputy Chamberlains Exchequer -Keeper of Records, Court of Exchequer Deputy Chamberlains, for for ting Records Senior Tellers Exchequer -

Three others - D° -

Auditor's Clerk, Tally Coqrt - -

Auditors Clerk, for extra Business -Register of Loans -

Chamberlains Exchequer -

Deputy Chamberlains, for (hiking Tallies -Two others - - - for - D°

Messengers of the Exchequer -

Grooms of - - D° - -

Clerks, of - - D°, on their Latin Order

Porter of - - J)° -

Curiitor llaron, Court of Exchequer -

Solicitor in - - D° -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Pipe Officers -

Treasure*’s Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in said Office -ad Secondary D°

Clerks in - - - D*

King’s Clerk, Crown Office - -

Clerk Foreign Ellreats, Court of Common Pleas -

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Nichills -

King’s Remembrancer -

Secondaries and Clerks -

Clerk of the Pleas, and his Clerks - -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats -

Bund of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Lflier of the Exchequer, for Pay of Watchmen

For Swanimote Courts in Windsor Forest -

Under Clerks of the Council, for extra Business -

Clerk of the Hamper, for Expence of the Office -

Officers Committee of Trade -

Corporation of Lime Regis, for repairing the Pier

Clerk of the Pells, Tally Court -

EIGHTH CLASS:

Commissioners of the Treasury -First Conmiissioner of D°

Chancellor of the Exchequer - - - D° ......

c 1. d.

37 10 0

48 6 8

7° 0 0

250 0 0

25 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

25 0 0

242 10 0

343 2 6

100 0 0

50 0 0

37 10 0

2 10 0

150 0 0

12 10 0

115 0 10

91 18 9

10 0 0

225 0 0

20 0 0

8 6 8

23 15 0

H 2 6

25 O 0

12 IO 0

26 1 8

5 O 0

2 IO 0

156 16 10

0 10 0

7 IO 0

5 0 0

65 16 8

37 10 0

26 16 0 4

16 2 11

16 O H

2 5 0

6 13 4

2 16 3

12 10 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

5 0 0

13 19 4

3 18 4

1 12 6

24 3 4

1,500 0 0

168 0 0

10 0 0

500 0 0

837 10 0

1 5 0

15,492 7 6-t

2,000 0 0

1,005 10 O

400 0 0

50 0 0

3,455 10 O

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service -Home Secret Service -Special Service, and Royal Bounty -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -Da - for Overpayments on their Accounts Sundry Ministers, for their Paflhge to the Plantations -

Law Charges - -

Riding Charges for Messengers of the Court of

Exchequer

D® ----- of the Receipt of

Exchequer

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -Extra Extraordinaries to D°, including Reimbursements for Expences incurred, and for Losses sustained in flis Majesty’s Service Abroad Foi the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England D° ----- - in Ireland

For the Relief of the French Poor Protestant Clergy D® ----- of the Laity

Lord Almoner, for Alm9, &c. -Archbishop of York, for Charities, and Arabic Profefl’ors -

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City Rent of Mote Park -

Clielfea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury -D* - - - Kensington Palace and Gardens -Expences of Windsor Great Park -Fees, &c. on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons

Secretary of State Foreign Department,

for Contingencies ----- - Messengers -

----- - Deficiency of Fees

D° - Home Department, for Contingencies ----- - Messengers -

----- - Deficiency of Fees

D° - War Department, for Contingencies - - -- - Messengers -

----- - Deficiency of Fees

Treasury, Deficiency of Fees -Contingent Expences of Committee for Trade and Plantations -

His Majesty's Charity to sundry Female Objects in Distress -

Presents to Foreign Ministers -Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necefl’aries -

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts -

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners - -

Bailiff’ of the Tower, for contingent Diffiurfements Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine -

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches - -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers of the 'sally Court -Public Office, Bow-street -Expences of St. James and Hyde Parks Lord Chajnberlain, to pay Messengers Bills Contingent Expences of the State-Paper Office -

s. d.

2,481 10 o 2,540 o o 226 5 8>

521 14 9

500 0 0

12,975 18 6

850 0 0

859 2 0

3,436 8 0

759 10 0

450 0 0

324 8 6

13 ' 3 6

37 10 0

1,200 0 0

434 12 6

533 15 1

9,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

960 9 1

3,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

661 14 9

2,000 0 0

500 0 0

3,270 16 7*

890 8 6

1,691 7 0

457 * 4

66 7 6

3*°i5 4 3

60,157 7 6£

ABSTRACT of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Quarter ending the 5th April 1804.

CLASSES:

lit. - - Royal Family -

2d. - - Judges -

3d. — Foreign Ministers -

4th. — Bills ——

5th. - - Salaries -

6th. - - Pensions and Compensations

7th. — Salaries -

8th. - - Treasury -

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS -

INCOME for defraying the above Charge; viz.

£• Sm U.

Annuity for One Quarter on £. 900,000 per annum - 225,000 o o

Surplus of Exchequer Fees - - * - . 4,000 o o

Deficiency

£■ *• d.

50,625 o o 8,232 io o 22,755 1 >1

57-343 10 24,449 o 74 29,694 11 34

15,492 7

3,455 10 60,157 7 6|

272,204 18 9$

229,000 o o

43,204 18 9J

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

30th June 1804. j

W. Hujkijfotu

Appendix, (No. 30.) 3O0 Junii,

continued.

-----•


668

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 30.) 30* J

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Estimated Charge on IIIS MAJESTY’S CIVIL LIST REV E N U E S;

for the Quarter ending the 5th of July 1804.

FIRST CLASS:

Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Her Majesty the Queen -11 is Royal Higlineis the Prince of Wales -1)# - - - for the Support of the Princels Charlotte -

His Royal Highness the Duke of York II is Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence The Duchess of Cumberland -

SECOND CLASS:

Judges.

The Lord Chancellor -Speaker of the House of Commons The Judges of England -The Justices of Wales The Justices of Chester -

THIRD CLASS: Foreign Ministers -

FOURTH CLASS:

Bills.

Bills in the Lord Chamberlain's Department

D°-----Lord Steward’s -

DJ - — Mailer of the Horse -

D®-----Matter of the Robes -

D° - - - Ulher of the Court of Exchequer L° - - - for Stationary, Houses of lJ)rds and Commons -

D°-----for Printing -

FIFTH CLASS

Salaries.

Lord Chamberlain’s Salary Salaries in his Department Lord Steward's Salary Salaries in his Department

D°-----Master of the Horse

D° - - - Mailer of the Robes Vice Chamberlain’s Salary Groom of the Stole’s Du -Apothecary to His Majesty D° - - - to the Household -Gentlemen of the Bedchamber Grooms of D° -

SIXTH CLASS:

Pensions and Compensations.

Pensions without Fees -

D® - formerly paid by the Pay matler of Pensions, and in lieu of Apartments at Some 1 let IJoule -

D® — to the Jate Queen’s Servants, and to the Princess Dowager of Wales' D°

D® - - by Sign Manual -

D° - - by Patents -

D° - - to late Foreign Ministers

Compensations in lieu of Offices abolished; viz.

In the Lord Chamberlain’s Department

- - - Lord Steward -

- - - Mailer of the Horse -

- - - Matter of the ltobes -

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries, &c.

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department Sir John Hynde Cotton - -

V icar of the Tower -Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate -

-----St. John the Baptill -

-----St. Michael, Cornhill -

- - - - St. Magnus -

£■ s. 1 d.

15,000 0 0

14*500 0 0

15,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

3>oooo 0 0

625 0 0

1,000 0 0

50,6-25 0 0

1,250 0 0

455 0 0

5,625 0 0

600 0 0

307 10 0

M37 10 0

25,000 0 0

29,123 l s I

22,700 0 0

10,600 0 0

972 12 0

849 10 2

9°o 0 0

9,555 0 0

74,700 4 -I

750 0 0

6,785 8 7

385 0 0

7,000 0 0

3,65o 0 0

270 0 0

150 0 0

500 0 0

28 15 0

13 6 8

3,000 0 0

1,625 0 0

24, L57 10 3

2,104 7 0

0 h. °o CO H 4

1,281 5 8

11,636 0 1

2,161 2 6

6/2+7 10

752 0 0

1,200 0 0

390 0 0

50 8 0

29,699 7 81

1,700 10 6i

1 6 8

1 13 4

1 15 0

1 18 4

3 1 o

5 6 2

Seventh Class—continued.

School master, Southwell -Lniverlity of Oxford, fora Preacher ----- - Profeilbr of Divinity

- - - -- -- - Law

----- - Physic -

----- - Hiitory -

- - -- -- -- Botany -

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity -

- ----- for a Preacher

- ----- Profelfor of Divinity -

----- - Law -

----- - P hylic

----- - lliltory

----- - Botany

Emanuel College, Cambridge ——

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Vicar of Litchfield -

Master of the Temple -

Corporation of Dartmouth -

Preacher at Hampton Court . ——

Fellows of Eton College -

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher

Ministers of the Savoy -

- D° — — I fie of Man -Corporation of Lyme Regis Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

D° - - Nicholas Yates -Corporation of Berwick -Bishop of Chcller, for 4 Preachers -Profelfor of Altronomy -Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital -Chancellor of the Garter -President of the Council -Keeper of the Privy Seal -Governor of Windlbr Cattle

Constable of Dover Cattle -

Matters in Chancery -

Chief Justice in Eyre, N° of Trent -D° - S° of Trent -

Attorney General -

Solicitor General -

Advocate General -

IBs Majesty’s Council at Law -

King’s Prime Serjeant -

Clerks of the Council -

Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Officers of the Ceremonies -

Officers of the Bath ——

King’s Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms -

H. M. Serjeants at Arms -

Officers of the Ordnance -

Warden of Windlbr Forelt -

Keeper of Hampton Court Park -

Ranger of St. James’s and Hyde Parks

Constable of Dean Forest -

Warden of Waltham Eorett -

Riding Foreller of New Eorett -

Ranger and Underkeepers of Richmond Park

Out-Hanger of Windlbr Eorett -

Keeper of the House Park at Windlbr

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windlbr Cattle -

Keeper of the Records at the Tower -

Keeper of the Council Records -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Keeper of the Records of Forfeited Estates

Keeper of llis Majesty’s Libraries -

Houlekeeper at Welhnintter -

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts -

Un( erkeepers of Cianbourn Chace -

Ranger of Salcey Forelt -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks Knight Harbinger -

Latin Secretary -

Surveyor General Lands ——

Surveyor of Woods -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Another -

Another -

Digetter of Records at Whitehall -Matter of the Hawks -

Examiner of Plays -

Gentlemen Ulher of the Black Rod -Matter of Mechanics -

Clerk of the House of Commons -Clerk Affittant D° -

Messenger of the Press ——

Engraver of Seals -

Auditor of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pells -

Deputy Chamberlains Exchequer -Keeper of Record* Court of Exchequer

£■ d.

2 10 0

2 10 0

3 6 8

IO 0 0

IO 0 0

IOO 0 0

50 0 0

2 10 0

2 10 0

3 6 8

10 0 0

10 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

4 3 4

2 10 0

3 15 0

9 6 8

10 0 0

10 0 0

10 10 0

12 10 0

15 0 0

25 0 0

25 0 0

25 0 0

25 0 0

25 0 0

50 0 0

86 0 0

92 12 6

142 11 3

1,000 0 0

743 15 0

45 10 0

1,025 0 0

275 0 0

562 10 0

579 3 4

20 6 8

17 10 0

5 0 0

200 0 0

10 6 8i

350 0 0

41 0 0

130 6 8

125 0 0

128 6 8

250 5 0

107 0 11

146 17 5l

18 10 8

433 0 0

1 52 10 0

67 10 0

125 0 0

44 11 0

150 0 0

150 0 0

6 5 0

125 0 0

125 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

75 0 0

•> 5 6

56 17 6

33 0 8

5 0 0

10 0 0

37 10 0

4* 16 8

7° 0 0

250 0 0

25 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

25 0 0

242 10 0

343 2 6

100 0 0

50 0 0

37 10 0

0 10 0

150 0 0

12 10 0

H5 0 10

* 91 18 0

IO 0 0

2 25 0 0

Appendix,

44 Geo. III.

669

Account of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—continued.

Seventh Class—continued. £■ s. d. Occasional Payments—continued. £■ L d.

Deputy Chamberlains, for sorting Records . 20 0 0 Law Charges - - 10,006 O 0

Senior Tellers Exchequer - - 8 6 8 Riding Charges for Messengers of the Court of

3 olher D' - 23 15 0 Exchequer - - 250 0 0

Auditors Clerk Tally Court - - H 2 6 D° ----- of the Receipt of Exchequer 72 6 0

Auditor’s Clerk, for extra Business - - *5 0 0 Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts 1,500 0 0

Register of Loans - - - 12 10 0 Ext. Extraord. to D°, including Reimbursements

Chamberlains Exchequer - - 2 6 1 8 for Expence incurred and for Loiies fultamed in

Deputy Chamberlains, for striking Tallies - - 5 0 0 His Majesty's Service Abroad - >4.348 13 u

2 others, for D° - - - 2 10 0 For the Protestant Dilfenting Ministers in England — V

Messengers of the Exchequer - - 15<5 16 10 D° - -- -- -- in Ireland —

Grooms of D* - - 0 10 0 For the Relief of thfc French Poor Protestant Clergy —

Clerks of D3 on their Latin Order - - - 7 lo 0 D° - - - of the Laity - .—

Porter of D° - - - 5 0 0 Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Pro-

Curfitor Baron Court of Exchequer - - - 65 16 8 fefiors -

Solicitor in 1)° - 37 10 0 Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City -

Clerk of the Pipe - - - 26 16 °i Rent of Mote Park -

Pipe Officers - - 16 2 11 Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury - 13 3 6

Treasurer’s Remembrancer - - 16 0 61 D° - Kensington Palace and Garden 37 10 0

Two Secondaries in said Office - - - 2 5 O Expences of Windsor Great Park - - -* 1,200 0 0

ad Secondary D® - - 6 13 4 Fees, &c. on Recorpt of His Majesty's Privy Purse 450 8 0

Clerks in D° - - - 2 16 3 Contingent Expences of the Treasury 350 0 0

Kinu's Clerk Crown Office - - 12 10 0 0llicers of the Iioufes of Lords and Commons

Clerk Foreign Estreats, Court of Common Pleas - 5 0 0 Secretary of State Foreign Department, for Con-

Foreign Appoier in the Exchequer - - 10 0 0 tingencies - - 5,000 0 6

Clerk of the N ichills - - - 5 0 0 3,000 0 0

King's Remembrancer - 13 19 4 2,500 0 0

Secondaries and Clerks - - - 3 18 4 D° - - - Home Department, for Contingencies 1,500 0 0

Clerk oi the Pleas and his Clerks - - 1 12 6 1,500 0 0

Clerk of the Foreign Eltreats - - - 24 3 4 2,126 p 0

Band of Gentlemen Pensioners - - - 1,500 0 0 D° - - War Department, for Contingencies - 3A5o 0 0

Uffier of the Exchequer, for Pay of Watchmen - 109 .4 0 2,000 0 0

For Swanimote Courts in Windsor I orelt - - 10 0 0 500 0 0

Under Clerks of the Council, for extra Business - Treasury, Deficiency of Fees - 5,000 0 0

Clerk of the llanaper, for Expence of the Otlice - 500 0 0 Contingent Expences of Committee for Trade and

Officers Committee of Trade - - - 837 10 0 Plantations ----- 862 14 6

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repaiiing the Pier — His Majesty's Charity to sundry Female Objects in

Clerk of the Pells Tally Court - - - 1 5 0 Distress - - - 1,232 12 6

, Presents to Foreign Ministers - 1,426 11 6

£■ 15,504 6 64 Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Vppp(]ti rina _ _ *, _

EIGHTH CLASS: liClcUal •*•* Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his

Commissioners of the Treasury - - - 2,000 0 0 Accounts ----- Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners 219 7 6

First Commissioner of - D° - 1,005 10 0 Bailiff of the Tower, for contingent Disburseraents

Chancellor of the Exchequer - — 400 0 0 Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for

D° - 50 0 0 Impost on Wine ----- 100 16 0

£■ Ministers of the Vaudois Churches - 457 1 4

3,455 10 0 Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS: of the Tally Court -Public Office, Bow-street - 691 3,075 0 16 0 0

Foreign Secret Service - - - 25,000 0 0 Expences of St. James's and Hyde Parks - 225 0 0

Home Secret Service - - - 5,000 0 0 Lord Chamberlain, to pay Messengers Bills

Special Sendee, and* Royal Bounty - - 6,247 5 4 Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office - 243 2 9

Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons - - 1,270 0 0

D° - - for Over-Payments on their Accounts - 191 19 3 £• 101,441 I 1

Sundry Ministers, for their Passage to the Plantations mfmm -: —rst

Appendix, _ (No. 30.) 30* Junii,

continued•

ABSTRACT of the Estimated Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Quarter

ending 5th July 1804.

CLASSES: - £■ 1. d.

ift. - - - Royal Family - - - 50.625 O'* 0

2d. - - - Judges - - 8,237 10 * 0

3d. -• - - Foreign Ministers - - - - 25,000 0 0

4th. - - - Bills - - - - 74,700 4 oi

5th. - - - Salaries - 24.157 10 3

6th. - r - Pensions and Compensations - - - - * - 29,699 7

7th. - - - Salaries - . - 15,504 6 6 i

8th. - - - Treasury - 3,455 0 0

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS - 101,441 8 1

£■ 332,820 6 62

INCOME for defraying the above Charge; Vi2.

Annuity for One Quarter on £. 900,000 per annum - - - £. 2*25,000 o o

Surplus of Exchequer l ees (Estimate) - 4,000 o o

229,060 o o

Deficiency

103,820 6 61

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

30th June 1804.

JV. Hujkijfon.

Vol. 59.

3 H

Appendix,

(No. 30.)

continued.

r >/«.

670

Appendix.

1. 1804

ESTIMATE of the Future Annual Charge on IIIS MAJESTY’S CIVIL LIST REVENUES.

FIRST CLASS: Royal Family.

His Majesty's Privy Purse - - - -•

Her Majesty the Queen -

The Prince of Wales -

The Prince of Wales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte Duke of York -

Duke of Clarence -

Princess Angufta Sophia -

Princess Elizabeth -

Princess Mary -

Princess Sophia -

Princess Amelia -

Duchess of Cumberland -

SECOND CLASS: Judges.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal - - 5.P00 0 0

Speaker of the House of Commons, £.5 a day - 1,8*5 0 0

Judges of the Court of King's Bench - 8,500 0 0

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas - - 7»5°° G O

Barons of the Exchequer - - - 6,500 O O

Chief Jufrice of Cheiler - 73° O O

Jultiees of the Court of Great Session in Wales - 2,900 D O

£■ 3-'9 5 5 O O

THIRD CLASS: Foreign Ministers.

Parii:

AmbalTador -Secretary of EmbafTy -

Teterlhurgh:

AmbalTador ——

Secretary of EmbafTy -

Constantinoplc:

AmbalTador -Secretary of Embassy -

Vienna:

Envoy Extraordinary and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Madrid:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Hague:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Berlin:

* Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Naples:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo.

Secretary of Legation -

I ilhort:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo.

Secretary of Legation -

America:

Envoy Extra, and Min. rienipo.

Secretary of Legation -

Copenhagen:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Ratilbon and Munich:

Envoy Extra, and Min. Plenipo. Secretary of Legation -

Stockholm: _.

Envoy Extraordinary -

Dresden:

Envoy Extraordinary -Secretary of Legation -

LIe<W of Salt/.burgh:

Envoy Extraordinary

Elector of Wurtemburg:

Envoy Extraordinary . -

£. 11,056 o o - 1,073 o o

1 1,056 O O

— - - L073 O O

8,096 O O

' * 1,073 0 0

• - _ 7,744 O ' O

" — — 568 O O

_ _ 5,200 O O

- - - 568 O O

_ _ _ 5,200 O O

- ~ - 568 O O

_ 5,200 O O

— — " 568 O O

_ _ _ 3.340 0 0

— ■* 348 O O

_ _ 5,200 0 0

— - - 348 G O

- . 4.252 O 0

' — 348 O 0

- _ 3.256 O 0

- 348 O 0

- . 3.256 O 0

348 O 0

3.256 O 0

— - - 348 O 0

£ 6. cK

Go, oco O 0

58,000 0 0

60,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

22,500 0 0

12,129 o o I2,i5g o o 9,369 o o 8,312 o o 5,708 o .0 5,768 e o 0 3, CSS o o 5,548 o o 4,600 o o

3.604 o o

3.604 o o 3T-56 O o

3.604 o o

2.178 o o

2.178 O Q

Geo. III.

Appendix.

671

Estimate of the Future Annual Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—continued.

THIRD CLAS S—continued.

Cologne and I Idle Cafiel:

Minister Plenipo.

Hans Towns and Lower Saxony: Minister Plenipo. -

King of Sardinia:

Minister Plenipo. - *-

Republic of Seven I (lands: Relident -

Consul to Madrid -

— Naples - -

*— Eastern States of America

— Southern D° ——

— Baltimore ——

— North and South Carolina and Georgia

— \ irginia -

, — Massachusets -

— Rhode llland -

— Cadiz -

— Albania and the Morea -

— Kj-ypt ......

— Carthagena -

— Majorca -

— Genoa ——

— Trieste -

— Hamburgh -

— Zanti -

— CivitaVeccliia ——

Agent at Rotterdam -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty’s Sendee.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain I)0 ----- of the Lord Steward -

I)0 ----- of the Malter of the Horse

1)° ----- of the Mailer of the Robes

- - - - 65,000 0

- - - 75,000 0 0

»- - - - 30,000 0 0

" * " 2,505 W 4

, 172,505 19 4

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer -

Salaries to the Household -

Allowances to D® -

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward -

1)° - - - to the Chapels -

Wages to the Chapels -

Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer -Salaries to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office -Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer -’Pile Groom of the Stole at — 1)° ——

12 Gentlemen of 11 is Majesty’s Bedchamber, at Dn -

13 Grooms of I)0- - -*-

Apothecary to His Majesty -

1)° - - - to the Household -

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Horse -

I)° — to the Office of Muller of the Robes -

SIXTH CLASS: Pensions.

£■ s. (I

1,540 0 0

15,502 15 6

7,774 1 9

740 0 0

4-^79 7 7

4*5 ]4 7 ,

3,000

27,141 14 4

600 0 0

2,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

0 0

115 0 0

53 6 8

£■ •- i-

- 2,178 O 0

- 1,344 0 0

L344 0 0

L344 0 0

1,672 0 0

388 0 0

1,672 0 0

1,672 0 0

34& 0 0

- 788 0 0

788 0 0

788 0 0

348 0 0

5-8 0 0

- 1,672 0 Q

1,672 0 0

- O O 00 C*

352 O O

244 O O

244 O O

46O O O

208 O O

r 244 O O

240 O O

£■ 112,330 O O

30,651 19 5

51,41° 1 O

15,4°° O O

1,080 O O

98,542 O 5

Pennons formerly D° - - furmerlv

paid at the Treasury -

paid by the Paymaltcr of Pensions -1)° - - to the hue Queen Caroline and late Pnncels of Wales’s Servants

I)°- - by Sign Manual -

I)0 - - by Patents and Privy Seals -

Contingent IYnlii.ns -

Perilous U> lute Ministers at Foreign Courts -Annual Bounty p iid in the Office of the Lord Steward - £,

Quarterly Bounty I)° -

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward -D° - - - to Persons paid in his Office -

D® - - - to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Chamber-

lain -

Compensatil'RS in the Office of Master of the Robes -

i,4<72 0 0

1,081 0 0

7°9 0 0

3,°55 0 0

3,*5° 0 0

1,600 0 0

"201 12 0

92,582 4 4

27,412 •

11,253 J2 Q

131,252 16 4

Appendix

(N:>. )

70 Jul

continued.

(>72

Appendix:*

A. 1804

Appcndixj (No. 30.) 7° 7«/«,

continued.

Estimute of the Future Annual Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—continued.

lord Chamberlain’s! Office.

SEVENTH CLASS:

First Clerk of the Wardrobe -

2d De

D°

MclVenger of D° -

Porter of 1)° -

Office Porter Lord Chamberlain's Office - -

Poet Laureat -

Master of the Barges - -

48 Watermen, at £.3. 2. 6. each per annum -

12 Pcnlionary D°, at £. 3. 2.6.

Principal Painter -

Rent of Passage in Channel Row -

Gentlemen of the Chapels Royal -

Clerk of the Check to Messengers -7 Messengers at £. 45. per annum each Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod - * -

Kings and Heralds at Arms ——

Bishop of London, for Whitehall Preachers, Ac. Clockmaker - -

Organ Builder -

Instrument-Maker - -

ltat-killer -

Keeper of the Swans -

Office of Works:

Representatives of Sir John llynde Cotton - Perpetuity -Vicar of the Tower -

D° - - - of St. Michael, Cornlnll D° - - of St. Magnus - - -Schoolmaster of Southwell ——

- D® - -

- 1)°

- D° for Relief <

- D° - Da

- D° . D°

- D° •

£■ g. d.

103 O 0

31 10 0

IOO 0 0

0 0

150 0 0

37 10 0

50 0 0

3 10 0

20 0 Q

124 15 0

- 315 0 0

- 100 0 0

41 0 0

750 0 0

0 O

40 0 0

40 0 0

- 80 0 0

3o 0 0

£• 2,606 5 0

Comptroller ----- £- 510 s. 0 d. 0

Examiner ----- - - 355 0 0

Relident Clerk - - - 211 0 0

lft Assistance Clerk - - 80 0 0

Another D° - - * 60 0 0

Clerk of the Works at Richmond and Kew - 250 0 0

D® - at the Queen's House - - 220 0 0

D° - at St. James's - - 250 0 0

D° - at Windsor Castle - 180 0 0

D° - at Hampton Court - - 200 0 0

D° - at Tower and Newmarket - 100 0 0

Keeper of all the Engines - - 40 0 0

Worker of the Water Engine at Windsor Pumper of Water at the Treasury - - - 30 0 0

- - 10 0 0

Labourer in Trust Richmond and Kew - - 80 0 0

D® - - - - Queen's House - - 80 0 0

D° - - - - Whitehall and Westminster - 55 0 0

D° - - - - Carleton House - - 60 0 0

Dw - - - - Hampton Court - - 55 0 0

D° - - - - Windsor Castle - - - 55 0 0

D° - - - - St. James's - - - 50 0 0

Dc - - - - King's Mews - - - 50 0 0

D° - - - - Kensington - - - 50 0 0

D° - - - - lower - - 50 0 0

I)° - - - - Newmarket - - - 50 0 0

Carpenter and Joiner, Whitehall - - 39 10 3

])° ----- St. James's . - - - 39 0 0

D° - - - . - - Mews - - - 39 0 0

D° - Kensington - - - 39 0 0

Bricklayer at Hampton Court - - 38 11 3

Plumber at Kensington *■ - - 38 2 9

Oflice Keeper - - - , 40 0 0

Office Messenger - - - 32 17 9

Labourer at Whitehall - - - 30 6 4

Another - D° - - - - 28 15 0

Another - D° - - - 28 15 0

Labourer at Hampton Court - - - 28 15 9

Another - D° - - - 28 15 0

Labourer at Kensington - - 28 15 0

D° - at \\ indtbr - - - 28 15 0

D° - at St. James's - - - 28 15 0

Fulham Road Gate-keepers Ranger of St. James’s Park - - - 49 10 0

- - 8b 0 0

Jane Garrett - - 12 0 0

John Jones, Esq. - - - 400 0 0

Carpenter at Carleton House - - - 42 0 0

Labourer in Trust at the Exchequer - - 50 0 0

£• 4,302 3 4

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying Kensington Palace, Ac. ----- m 150 0 0

445* 3 4

£■ s. d. 7,058 8 4

5 6

6 13

7 o 7 '3

12 4 21 4 10 o

8

4

o

4 o

5

o

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

673

Estimate of the Future Annual Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—continued.

SEVENTH CLASS—continued.

University of Oxford* for a Preacher - - - - D° - -

...... Professor of Divinity D° -

...... Law

- ----- - Physic ——

- ----- - - History -

----- Botany -

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity -

- - - - for a Preacher -

----- - --v- ProfelVor of Divinity -

----- --- --- - Law -

- - - - --- ----- - - Physic -

- - - ...... History -

Botany - -

Emanuel College, Cambridge - Perpetuity -Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - D° --Vicar of Litchfield - -

Matter of the Temple

Corporation of Dartmouth,-Perpetuity - -*

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel ——

Fellows of Eton College, Perpetuity - ’ - . -

Mayor of Macclesfield -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for Freneh Ministers, Savoy -Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Corporation of Lyme Regis Dy ----- for repairing the Pier -

Heirs of Colonei Fairfax, Perpetuity -I)° - Nicholas Yates -

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

bishop of Clutter, for 4 Preachers -

Altronomer Royal ——

Crrili's Hospital ——

Chancellor of the Garter -

Matter of the Hawks -

Lord President of the Council - r

Officers of the Ceremonies.

Bath

Officers.

Kings and Heralds at Arms.

Band of Gentlemen Fenlioners.

Officers of the Ordnance.

Keepers /

<»i a Records.

O Officers. ( c cot' ihe: t) Courts uf j

#- Eiichequet

o and i Common Pleas. j

Vol. 59-

4 Clerks of the Council, at £.250 per annum each -D° - - - £. loo per annum each -

D® ----- - for extra Bu fine is -

Keeper of the Council Chamber ——

2 Keepers of the Council Chamber at 2 s. 6d. a day each -

Lord Privy Seal -

Governor of Windsor Cattle -

Constable of Dover Cattle - - - - r

Marshal of the Ceremonies -

Assistance Matter of D° -

Matter of the Ceremonies m £• 200

D® ----- - in lieu of Bills - - ioo

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath - - - * -

Bath King at Arms - , -

Secretary to the Order of the Bath ——

Register to the Order of the Bath - -

Gentleman Usher to the Order of the Bath -

Messenger to the Order of the Bath -

4 Purfuivants at Arms -

8 Heralds at £. 26. 13. 4. eacfr — —

3 Kings at Arms ——

Garter King at Arms -r ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners -40 Gentlemen Band, of Pensioners, £. 100 each -Clerk of the Clucque of

Standard Bearer of D° -Lieutenant of D° -Captain of D° - . -

Matter of the Ordnance -

Lieutenant General of D°

Surveyor General of D°- - - - "

Ch*-k of the Ordnance ——

Stoiekeeper ot D°-

Clerk of the Deliveries - - - - ,

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Keeper of the Records at the Tower - -

- - - - - for 3 Clerks -

Keeper of the Council Records -Keeper of the Records at Whitehall - - , - -

Keeper of the Records of Forleited Estates - -

State Paper Office - - - "

Keeper of the.Uecords in the Court of Exchequer -

Curfitor^Baroji of the Court of Exchequer - -

Solicitor to t^e Court of Exchequer -

lieaiu 1 er's Remembrancer - -

2 ^Secondaries in the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Second JScroqdary in D° . -

Clerks in D°. -

Foreign Appofer - - - r - * *

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

8 1

£• s. d.

IO 0 0

13 6 8

40 0 0

40 0 0

4OO a 0

200 0 0

IO 0 0

10 0 0

>3 6 8

40 0 a

40 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

16 13 4

IO 0 6

15 0 0

87 6 8

40 0 0

40 6 6

42 0 0

50 0 0

60 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100. 0 0

200 0 a

320 0 0

370 10 0

57° 5 0

i>37* 10 0

4,000 0 0

C 1,000 0 0

400 0 0

400 0 0

73 0 0

9i 5 0

£ 100 0 ir O

121 13 4

o } 300 0 0

£. 100 0 0

90 0 0

go 0 0

90 0 0

go 0 0

4a 0 0

80 0 0

213 6 8

120 0 0

100 0 0

70 0 0

4,000 0 0

120 0 0

310 0 0

500 0 0

1,000 0 0

>75 18 4

66 13 4

36 10 0

36.10 0

54 15 0

18 5 0

40 0 0

500 0 0

150 0 0

5°° 0 0

160 0 0

200 0 0

97° 0 0

900 0 0

263 6 8

150 0 0

*4 2 1

9 O 0

26 13 4

11 5 0

40 0 0

96 13 4

o

3,000 o a 182 10 O 4,100 O O

521 13 4

500 o o

513 6 9

6,000 o o

428 u 8

3,380 o o

Appendix/ (No. 30.) 7*

continued.'

674

Appendix.

■A. 1804

Appteftdix, (No. 30.) T J11M,

continued.

Estimate of the Future Annual Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—jeontinued.

Officers of the Courts of Exchequer and

Common Pleas.

Pipe Officers-

■1

Officers of the Receipt of < Exchequer,

SEVENTH CLASS—continued*

Clerk of the Nichills - -

Clerk of the Pleas - -

King's Remembrancer ——

Clerks in the Office of King's Remembrancer -

Secondaries in D° ——

11 Masters in Chancery - -

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office -

20 King's Counsel, at £. 40 per annuiaoach -

Attorney General - - - - . - -

Solicitor General ——

King's Prime Serjeant - -

10 Serjeants at Arms, £.100. 7. 6. each - -

King's Clerk in the Crown Office -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas

Advocate General -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Comptroller of the Pipe -

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office ——

Clerks in the Pipe Office -

Officers of the Committee of Trade -

Two Chamberlains of the Exchequer -Two Deputy Chamberlains of D°, for striking Tallies D° on their Allowance -

Senior Deputy Chamberlain ——

Two other Deputy Chamberlains, for joining Tallies -Senior Teller of the Exchequer -One of the 'fellers of the Exchequer -

Four Messengers of the Exchequer, at 4 jc/. per diem D° on their Allowance of £. 12. 10. per month Two Grooms of the Exchequer, at 20s* a year Porter at the Exchequer Gate ——

Officers of the Exchequer, on their ancient Fee -Exchequer Watchmen -

£• 20 0 0

10 0

55 17 4

7 13 4

8 0 0

1,100 0 0

2,000 0 0

- 800 0 0

81 6 8

70 0 0

4i 6 10

1,003 15 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

107 4 2

40 0 0

20 0 0

4 11 8

104 6 8

20 0 0

80 0 0

40 0 0

10 0 0

33 6 8

3i 13 4

7 *7 7 4

606 0 0

2 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

438 0 0

SALARIES formerly paid to the Officers of the Exchequer under-mentioned, but now payable to the Chief Clerk of the Pells, Receiver of Fees, pursuant to Ad 23 Geo. III.

To the Auditor, on his Fee -

D® - - - on his Additional Allowance -

D° - - - for his First Clerk on D° -

D° - - - for a Clerk in the Tally Court on his Fee -

D* - - - D° for keeping a Register of the Public Loans -

D° - - - D° on his Fee -

To the Clerk of the Pells on his Allowance - - - -.

D° ----- on his Fee -

P° ----- for a Clerk on D®

D° - one of the 4 Tellers -

D° ----- - another D* - -

260 3 200 o 100 o 36 10 50 o 20 o 195 8

5 o 172 6 3* 13 31 13

Chief Justice in Eyre, North of Trent D° - South of Trent British Museum, for care of His Majesty's Libraries Housekeeper at Westminster -

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -Keeper of the Tennis Courts -Knight Harbinger -

Latin Secretary ——

Examiner of Plays -

Gentlemen Uftier of the Black Rod -Matter of Mechanics -Eugraver of Seals -

. £■ EIGHTH CLASS:

Treasury.

Comm iffi oners of die Treasury -

First Commissioner of the Treasury ——

Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Home Secret Service -

Special Service and Royal Bounty -

Sundry Ministers, £• 20. each, for their Passage to the Plantations - -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts - -

Extra Extraordinary Disbursements, &c. of His Majesty's Ministers and Consuls at Foreign Courts -

Presents to Foreign Ministers -

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. ——

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professors

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of laid City ——

Rent of Mote Park ——

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury - -

Fees, &c. on the Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse ——

Contingent Expences of the Treasury ——

£. s. d.

5?945 9 7

171 15 10

3>35° o

2,539 9 0

2,250 0 0

2,316 33 4

300 0 0

9 2 6

228 2 6

132 3 4

3 95 16 8

280 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

50 Q 0

55,398 8 1

8,000 0 0

4,022 0 0

1,800 0 0

13,822 t 0 0

10,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

80 0 0

4,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

1,119 0 0

9°° 0 0

1,000 b 0

3*4 8 6

52 14 0

3,749 39 6

i,500 0 0

44 Geo. IIL

Appendix.

675

Elam ate of the Future Annual Charge on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues—continued.

SEVENTH CLAS S—continued.

Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Contingencies -- - -- -- - - Deficiency of Fees -

----- Home Department, for Contingencies -

----- - Deficiency of Fees -

----- War Department, for Contigencies

----- - Deficiency of Fees -

Messengers for the 3 Departments of Secretary of State Treasury, Deficiency of Fees - * -

Contingent Expences of Committee for Trade and Plantations His Majesty’s Charity to sundry Female Objects in Dilhefs -Fees, &c. on the Receipt of that -Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine Lord Chamberlain, to pay Messengers Bills -Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office - -

Messengers of the Receipt of Exchequer, Travelling Charges D° - - of the Court of Exchequer, for D° -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court linking and joining Tallies ——

£. 1,200 o

32 13

£■ 8. d.

- 8,000 0 0

- 10,000 0 0

" 8,000 0 0

* 9,000 0 0

*• 3,boo O 0

* 4,000 0 0

• 20,000 0 JO

15,000 0 0

0 *) 3/*37 0 0

*} 1,232 13 6

- 219 7 6

3^0 0 0

" 100 16 0

* 1,5*5 2 1

- 486 5 6

1,000 0 0

" 500 0 0

- 500 0 0

for

300 0 0

£■ 139,737 6 7

Appendix (No. 30.) 7° Julii,

continued.

ABSTRACT:

CLASSES:

lft. - - Royal Family

2d. - - Judges

3d. - - Foreign Ministers -

4th. - - Bills .- - -

5 th. — Salaries

6th. - - Pensions and Compen

7th. — Salaries

JBth. - - Treasury

•(JCASIONAL PAYMENTS -

£■ 1. d.

- - - 222,500 0 0

- - - - 3->955 0 0

- - - - 112,330 0 0

172,505 19 4

- - - - 98,542 0 5

- - - - 131,252 16 4

- - - - 55,398 8 1

- - - - 13,822 0 0

m m m - 139,737 6 7

£■ 979,°43 10 9

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d July 1804.

fV. HuJkiJ.

ESTIMATE of SUMS required for certain Occasional Services, for the year 1804, which have hitherto boei

' charged on His Majest/s Civil List Revenues.

Bills of the Uffier of the Court of Exchequer, for supplyfag the Court and Offices with Stationary, &c. Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament -

Law Charges - - - . -, -

Public Office, Bow-street ——

Sheriffs for Con vision of Felons, and Overpayments ——

Officers of the Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms -

Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England and Ireland, and for the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy and Laity ——

Extra Charge of Contingencies of the three Secretaries of State -Extra Charge for Messengers of D* - -

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches -

£■ 1. d.

745 6 10

11,600 0 0

7,500 0 0

9,000 a * 0

7,371 15 oj

3,905 0 0

5,945 10 0

6,065 0 0

5/250 0 0

9*4 0 0

59,196 11 101

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d July 1804.

JV. Hujkiffon.

ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Secretary of State's Office for Foreign Affairs, for the year 1803.

9* Julii.

Amount of Fees received in the foreign Depart-7 ment, for the year ending 5th January 1804 - J Received of Mr. Pollock, to make up the Foreign 7 £■ s. d. 4,033 7 to Secretary of State - Two Under Secretaries - Chief and other Clerks - - - - Two Office-keepers and Housekeeper - £■ dr 6,000 0 0 4,500 0 0 3,990 0 0 300 0 0

Department, One-third of the Total Amount of > 5,609 10 7 Tranimitter of State Papers , - - 500 0 0

r 1 1 Fees, &c. - - - " * J Deficiency - - - 9,632 18 5 7,210 2 1 Private Secretary (half-a-year) -Precis Writer - Allowances to Edward Fiffier, Esq. and Francis Moore, Esq. - 150 0 0 300 0 0 1,103 0 6

£■ 16,843 0 6 £■ 16,843 0 6

N. B.__Mr. Moore has not received his Allowance since his Appointment of Deputy Secretary at War.

Downing Street,* 7 July 6 th 1804. j

27/o* Bidwell,

Chief Clerk.

676

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 30.) 9* Vl>

eon tinned*

ABSTRACT of the Contingent Account of the Secretary of State's Office for Foreign Affairs, for the year 1803.

PERMANENT:

Rent and Taxes of the Office - * - "

Allowances to the Gentlemen in the Office, in lieu of Votes and Gazettes - * -

Office Boxes and Locks, Coals and Candles, and other Tradesmens Bills -

Allowances to Clerks and other Persons retired from Office: Mr. Ancell, Librarian; M. Lufignan, Interpreter to the Turkiffi Ambassador; Mr. Hay, for writing aild fending Notices of Parliamentary Business; Extra Clerks; Office Printer; Doorkeeper; Office Messenger, &c. -

Bills for Extra Gazettes, printing Treaties, Pamphlets, &c. -

Stationary -

Translating Papers, and various fmull Charges

NOT PERMANENT:

Couriers sent by Ills Majesty’s Ministers Abroad to this and Foreign Courts; Travelling Expences; and sundry Diffiurfements allowed to Ministers and other Persons employed on His Majesty's Service -

Downing Street, July 6th 1804,

T/io* Bidwell,

Chief Clerk.

£■ s. d.

765 12 9

1,109 0 0

18 9

1,800 7 8

1,080 12 6

794 1 4

327 8 2

7,196 1 2

8,155 18 o

An ACCOUNT of the several ITEMS included in the^ CIVIL LIST Account, for the year ended the 5th of January 1S04, under the Head of " Extra Extraordinaries to Miniilers at Foreign Courts, including Reimbursements for Expences incurred, " and for Losses sustained, in His Majesty’s Service Abroad."

Sir Sidney Smith, to reimburse Expences at Constantinople - - - -

Charles Broughton, Elq. to reimburse the like Sum advanced by Lord Carysfort, Envoy Extraordinary at Berlin, for Couriers,&c.

])«-----to pay a Bill drawn by Benjamin Garlike, Esq. Secretary of Embassy at Petersburgh, for Eftufettes, &c.

D° - - - to pay a Bill drawn by Sir George Rumbold, Charge d’Affaires at Hamburgh, for Expences -

I)0 ... to pay a Bill drawn by Jnftmian Cafamajor, Charge d’Affaires at Berlin, for Diffiurfements - -

Thomas Bidwell, Elq. to pay a Bill drawn by Francis James Jackson, Esq. Envoy Extraordinary at Berlin, for Eftufettes, Foliage, &c. ——

D°-----to pay Bills drawn by Lord Whitworth - £.3,594 18 o

Lord Whitworth, as a Compensation for Losses sustained on his Departure from Paris (in Part of £.7,368) - 3,684 o o

Robert Walrond, Esq. Charge d'Affaires at Munich, for Reimbursement of Expences incurred in His Majesty’s Service -Archibald McNeill, Esq. Consul at Leghorn, for D* - £-672 8 o

D° - -- -- - D° - Compensation for Losses - - - 1,516 16 o

J. Spencer Smith, Esq. Compensation for Losses sustained at Constantinople ——

Marquis Cornwallis, for Reimbursement of Expences at Amiens - -

John Watson, Esq. Consul at Venice, for Reimbursement of Expences - - - - - - - . -

T. Spencer Smith, Esq. formerly Charge d'Affaires at Constantinople, and late Secretary of Embassy at that Court, for his Services in those Stations ——

G. T. Baldwin, Consul General at Grand Cairo, for Salaries and Allowances, and Interest thereon, from 23d June 1793 to 10th March 1796 ——

Hugh Elliot, Esq. for Reimbursement of Expences, as Envoy Extraordinary at Naples ——

Charles Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Stephen Shairpe, Consul General in Russia, for Reimbursement of Expences *■ D<» . - - to pay a Bill drawn by W. F. Wyndhara, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, for Reimbursement of Expences ——

I)°-----to pay a Bill drawn by Sir John Borlafe Warren, for Reimbursement of Expences -

D° - - - to pay a Bill drawn by Sir William Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Naples, for Reimbursement of Expences ——

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Perkins Magra, Esq. Consul at Tunis, for Diffiurfements there -Edward Stanley, Esq. for Expences at Triefie ——

Charles Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Sir George Rumbold ——

Robert Litton, Esq. employed on a Special Million Abroad ——

Charles Mace, Esq. Expences as Consul at Algiers, for Balance of his Claims on Government -

C. Arbuthnot, Esq. Reimbursement of Expences at Stockholm ——

J. Falcon, Esq. for Extra Extraordinary Diffiurfements - - - - -J-

Charles Goddard, Esq. Compensation for Losses at Naples ——

Charles Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Tho* Barclay, Esq. Consul General at New York, for Reimbursement of Expences ——

Perkins Magra, Esqi Reimbursement of Expences at Tunis -

William Chinnery, Elq. to pay a Bill drawn by John Falcon, Esq. Consul at Algiers, for Diffiurfements occasioned by his having been forced to quit Algiers -

.Tunes M. Matra, Esq. as Consul at Morocco, to pay a Bill for Repairs of the King’s House at Tangier - -

J. Philip Morris, Esq. Consul General in Albania, for his Expences thither ——

Charles Lock, Esq. Consul General in Egypt, for his Expences thither

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d July 1804.

W. HuJkiJJbn.

£- s. d.

165 >4 6

335 17 0

98 12 0

441 6 0

320 1 6

354, 16 0

N| Nj 00 18 Q

15* H O

2,189 4 O

1,586 2 O

326 i(T O

1,060 7 O

3.7 H O

7>538 13 6

3,53*2 4 0

477 11 6

95 9 0

L334 9 6

24819 a

86 7 8

119 10 0

537 0 0

1,060 8 0

2,232 H 1

2,038 4 0

102 13 6

902 H 6

247 18 0

58717 0

320 0 3

129 17 6

1,060 11 6

1,060 11 6

40.738 12 0

An ACCOUNT of the several ITEMS included under the Head of " Presents to Foreign Ministers on ligning Conventions,"

in the Civil List Account, for the year ended 5th January 1804. T

Messrs. Rundell and Bridge, to satisfy two Bills for four brilliant Medallions and a Gold Snuff Box, as Presents to the Ministers of the French Republic, His Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, and tli0 King of Sweden -

Thomas Bidwell, Esq. for a Present to the Swedish Chancery, on the Exchange of the Ratification of the Convention concluded between His Majesty and the King of Sweden

William Pollock, Esq. for Presents on the Appointment of William Wafs Langford, as Consul at Tripoli

£■ *• d.

12,874 o a

547 o 547 "

13.969 7 6

Wliitc-liu.il, Treasury Chambers, 7 3d July 1804. 3

IV. HuJkiJJon.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

677

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Total Amount of FEES Received in the Office of His Majesty's Treasury, as well as of the Amount of the Charge upon the Fee Fund of the fame, for the year to the 5th of January 1804; together with the Particulars of such Charge.

Total Amount of Fees received in the year 1803 Total Charge on the Fee Fund -

Fees on Receipt -

'•£.28,814 4 8 795 9 7

Total Amount of Deficiency, as per Report of Civil List Committee of 1804 -

JC-

£■ d.

14,030 17 10

Appendix,;

(No. 30. )|

9* Juliiy continued.

29,609 14 3

15,578 5

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 July 4,1804* y

IF. Hujkijfon.

CHARGES on the FEE FUND:

• Salaries of 2 Secretaries

4 Chief Clerks -

6 Senior Clerks:

- at

- at £.4,000 per ann.

- 1,400

£• 8,000 - 5,600

- 7651

- 625 600

- 585

- 535

- 53°

3,4°

Clerk of the Minutes Assistance

2 Junior Clerks -1

5

1

3

3

5

at £. 300 250 200 - 190

120 100 90

500

250

600

250

1,000

190

360

300

450

£• 21,140

Keeper of the Papers

Deputy

Assistance

400

60

40

Allowances to retired Officers: 1 - at

1 -

1 - -

1 -

Receiver of Fees -

800

300

200

40

L34o

IS®

Various Allowances to Chamber-keeper Door-keeper -Ranger of Books -Door-keeper -House-keeper, and Extra Messengers -

679

23,809

Stationary -

Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries for the Office Land Tax on Salaries of Secretaries and Clerks

" 1,419 460 - 3,587

t £• 29,275

4 Memm.—The difference between this Sum and £. 28,814. is occasioned by the Salaries being calculated for the whole Year, without Reference to Calculations for broken Periods.

Pievious to the year 1782, the only Charges upon the Civil List on Account of the Establishment

or thereabouts; Viz.

For the Salaries of 22 Clciks on the Establishment, at £.100 per ann. each

For the Salary of the Keeper of the Papers -

For the Salary of the Ranger of the Books -

For the Salary of the Melfcnger of the Chamber -

For the Salary of the Door-keeper -

For the Salary of the House-keeper of the Levee Rooms -

of the Treasury, amounted to £.2,900,

£■ s. d.

- 2,200 0 0

0 0

0 0

60 0 0

16 8

- 50 0 0

£- *,890 16 8

The Fflabliffiment of the Office has necessarily been very much added to, from the great increase of Business; the Salaries have also been increased, which are all charged upon the Fee Fund of the Office: The several Amounts of the Salaries have been returned to Parliament, as well as the Additions that have from time to time been made to them.

J11 addition to thcle, the following Payments are charged upon the Fee Fund, and were formerly paid from other Sources:

Allowances to retired Officers of the Treasury, £. 1,340. Payments of this kind were made in the ffiape of Pensions but of Civil List.

Stationary - - - — about - - - - 1,400. Formerly furnished by the Uftier of the Exchequer.

Additional Land Tax - about - - - - 3,000.

N. B. It does not follow, that an increase of Business should produce a proportionate increase of Fees, as the Correspondence of the

Office makes so material a part of that Increase, for which no Fees are charged.

Contracts for Provisions, &c. or furnished by Commission, used to arise in the Treasury; this branch of Business is now transferred to the Victualling and Transport Board. Considerable Fees were derived from this Source, and are, of course, now loft to the Office.

The Act for regulating the Civil List, and the Act for abolishing Patent and other Offices, under the Commissioners of the Customs, are also causes of the Diminution of the Amount of Treasury Fees.

Vol. 59. 8 K

Appendix, (Xo. 30.) 9* 7«m,

continued.

678

Appendix.

1. 1S04.

ACCOUNT of RECEIPTS and EXPENDITURE in the FEE FUND of die Secretary of State’s Office:

Colonial and War Department.

£■ s. d. £■ S. d.

Paid Salary to the Secretary of State*, for oneyear 4,000 0 0 Amount of Fees received in the year ending 5th

Ditto — to the Under-Secretary of State, for - January 1804 ----- 1,811 ‘2 4

the lame period 2,000 0 0

Ditto - - to the Chief Clerk, and other Clerks Amount of Proportion received from the Home

on the Establishment, for the lame period - - 3,14° 0 0 Department, in order to complete one-third

Ditto - - to the Precis Writer, for the fame Division of the Total Amount of Fees received

period ----- 300 0 0 in the three Offices of Secretary of State - - 7>$-i 3 0

Ditto - to the Private Secretary of the Secre- •

tory of State, for the fame period 3°° 0 0 Balance brought forward from the Account of the

Ditto - - to the House-keeper and Office-keepers, preceding year ----- 9^5 8 o4

for the fame period - 3°° 0 0

Ditto - - Pension to a Clerk retired on Account of ill Health, for the fame period 300 0 0

Balance carried to the Account of the Current year *57 13 4.1

£■ »o,597 13 4* £■ 10,507 13 44

* N. B. The Established Salary of the Secretary of State is £.6,000 per annum, but Lord Hobart declined receiving more than £. 4,000

during the time he held the Seals of this Department.

Jas Chapman,

Chief Clerk.

ACCOUNT of Contingent Expences of the Colonial and War Department, paid in the year ending 5U1 January 1804.

Rent, Taxes, and Parish Rates ——

Office Porter - -

Pension to a Superannuated Office Porter, (Five Quarters) at the Rate of £. 70. per annum

Pension to the Widow of an Office-keeper deceased (Six Quarters) at £. 25 per annum -

Tradesmens Bills ——

New Years Gifys to the King’s Servants, Messengers of the House of Lords and Commons, and Trades-mens Christmas Boxes -

Stationary (Nine Quarters, the Bills having been much in Arrear) -

Compensation to the Clerks in lieu of Allowance of Gazettes -

Bills for Books, Newspapers, and Pamphlets ——

Extra Clerks ——

Granville Penn, Esq. as Chief Clerk of the War Department, by order of Lord Hobart -

Adam Gordon, Esq. one years Allowance to 10th October 1803, by order of Lord Hobart -

George Davis, his Bill for Office Boxes, Locks, &c. ——

Travelling Expences of Officers, &c. employed on Public Service, and charged with Dispatches -

Paid sundry Persons for legal Advice, and Extra Services in Militia and Volunteer Business, by order of' Lord Hobart

Paid on Account of Repairs and Furniture for the Office -

Amount of various small Disbursements - - "

£- s. d.

274 5 71

73 15 0

00 10 0

37 10 0

379 11 5

97 18 0

1,039 7 8

603 6 8

39(> 19 0

O OO 11 3

1,000 0 0

200 0 Q

51 n 6

10 00 0 0

636 H 8

200 0 0

09 17 10

6,474 7 -1 / i

7a- Chapman,

Chief Clerk.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of FEES received in the Office of the Secretary of State for the Home Department,

in the year ending 5th January 1804; with the Charges thereon.

£. s. d. £■ s. d.

22,909 7 7 Balance due 5th January 1803 - - - 5 3 7

174 11 2 Cash paid to the Office of Secretary of State for the Foreign Department - 5,609 10 8

5,050 9 3 Paid to the Office of Secretary of State for the War Department ----- Establishment of the Office: Principal Secretary of State -£.6,000 0 0 Two Under-Secretaries - - - 4,000 0 0 Clerks, Chamber-keepers, and Housekeeper 4,697 17 8 7,821 16 1 14,697 17 8

28,134. 8 0 £. 28,134. 8 0

Fees

Dd - - received from the Foreign Department Balance wanting from the Civil List -

Whitehall, I €th July 1804. 3

ivuim Po/io,

Chid Clerk.

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

679

CONTINGENT EXPENCES of the Secretary of State's Office, Home Department; for the Year 1803.

Allowance to Clerks in lieu of Gazettes and Votes, and for Extra Clerks, including Salary to Librarian, and Oriental Interpreter -

To Police Officers attending at the Palaces, £. 1,030, and to Clerks, &c. employed in the Business respetting Criminals - -

I^and Tax charged on the Secretary of State's Salary - - - - . -

Newspapers, &c. including Minutes of the two Houses of Parliament -

Bills for Porterage, including petty Expences - -: - - . -

Tradesmens Bills -

Allowance to Superannuated Clerks, an^l Widows of Clerks, &c.

New Year's Gifts - -- v-----

Stationer's Bills ——

Taxes ——

Sundry Payments made on Special Occasions - -

L

£■ s. d.

1,855 0 0

1,240 10 0

975 2 0

226 12 8

246 7 5

753 6 0

M45 0 ( 0

181 7 0

960 19 3

28 18 4

387 3 2

8,100 5 10

Whitehall, I 6th July 1804. j

Will"1 Pollock,

Chief Clerk.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of FLAX SEED Imported into Ireland, in the years 180a and 1803; setting forih the

Quantities thereof branded *" Sound specifying the Ports.

Years ending 5 th January:

t—~—' 1803. 1804. 1

Belfast - - 4>995 6,172

Coleraine - 572 —

Cork - 979 5,oi7

Donaghadee - - - - , - — 30

Dublin - - -■ - - - 4,^44 6,850

Dundalk - 193 128

Galway - - i,545 2*15

Limerick - 1,300 L344

Londonderry - 5,906 13,047

Newport - 248 466

Newry - - 3.856 12,710

Sligo - - 1,030 1,796

Strangford - — 288

Waterford - - - 1 1

Total - - 25,269 50,264

• The Entries Inwards do not express the particular Quantities of Flax Seed branded " Sound "

Inspector General's Office of 1 Imports and Exports. > Dublin, 21ft March 1804. )

Rob* MarshalU

Inspector General of Imports and Exports.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity and Value of LINEN Exported from Ireland in the years 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803; specifying the Places to which the fame were Exported; and distinguishing the Quantity and Value on which Bounty was paid.

Years ending the 5th of January,

C 1801: 1802: 1803: 1804:

f Great Britain -Quantity 1 British Colonies in America and the West Indies, Exported to J United States of America - - -* All other Parts - - - - yards yards yards yards 38,270,671 829,206 1,290,405 165,568 $4,622,829 671,140 2,518,252 97>7°9 33,246,943 885,056 1,083,623 395,488 t 35.097,936 486,020 1,870,028 115,870

Total Quantity of Linen Exported -Quantity Exported on which Bounty was paid yards yards 40,555.850 1,282,869 37.909.930 2,231,398 35,612,010 1,418,237 37,569.854 2,058,203

Total Value of Linen Exported -V alue of Linen on which Bounty was paid - - £ - £■ 2,707,042 13 6 86,431 5 4 2,528,519 2 2 148,764 18 10I 2,375,141 6 6 95,152 7 0 2,505,802 13 p 138,936 7 10

Inspector General's Office of Imports and Exports. Dublin, 21ft March 1804.

The Value herein stated is the Official Value.

Rob* Marshall, Inspector General of Imports and Exports.

An ACCOUNT of IRISH Manufadured LINENS Exported, from the Union to the 5th day of January 1804;

distinguishing each year.

Years ending 5th January,

r 1802: 1803: \ 1804:

f Cambrick Linen Plain f Coloured - - yards - yards - yards 1,672 37.767,077 142,853 1,117 35,49L131 120,879 71 37,432,365 137,489

Inspector General's Office of V

Imp orts and Exports. > //. B. JJdUtCflville,

Dublin, 13th April 1804. ) for the Inspector Gen1.

Appendix,

(No. 30.)

9*

continued.


Appendix,

(No. 31.)

5* Aprilis.

25® Aprilis.

680 Appendix. A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 31.) a° Mdi,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of BRITISH and IRISH LINENS exported from Great Britain; distinguishing the Linens Manufadured in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Union to the 5th January 1804; and distinguishing each year.

1801. 1802. 1803.

f Pieces. Pieces. Pieces.

V 42,245. and 39,438. and 33,500. and

Britishi Linen - - m - <

J Yards. Y ards. Yards.

' V. 18,347,705. 16,495,045. 9,993,354-

Yards. Yards. Yards.

Irish Linen - , - ~ — — - 5.516,623. 4,503,122. 3,117,884.

Inspector Generals Office,7

Custom-House, London. S William Irving,

ad May 1804. j Inspector General of the Imports and

Exports of Great Britain;

26* Apr HiAn ACCOUNT of the DUTIES received on the Export of LINENS from Great Britain, lince the commencement thereof;

distinguishing the Rate of Duty, the Number of Yards exported, and the Irish, and the Britishi Linens, as far as the fame can be ascertainecf; together with the Amount of Bounties paid thereon; and distinguishing each year.

From 12th May 1802 to 5th January 1803. From 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804.

Quantity. Duty. Bounty. Quantity. Duty. Bounty.

Britishi Linens for Bounty not for Bounty Irish Linens for Bounty - - - - not for Bounty Pieces. Yards. — 7,880,280 22,724 & 5,391 — 1.678,733 — 617,794 £■ «• d. 5,509 0 6 1,894 18 9 £■ *• d. 1 76,695 15 ij A 17,202 14 l 4 Pieces. Yards. 9,969,935 33,500 & 23,419 — 2,004,924 — 1,112,960 £. 4. d. \ I7,8l6 l6 7 | 5,661 8 5 £■> *■ d. I 67,637 12 5f | 14,233 18 10

22,724 & 10,182,198 7,43 19 3 93,898 9 33,500 & 13,111,238 23,478 5 0 81,871 11 3f

Note.—The following are the existing Rates of Duties on Britishi and Irish Linens exported; viz.

To any Part of Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. 100. of the Value thereof - - Permanent Duty - £. o 10 o

Temporary Duty -100

Total - - £. 1 10 o

To any Port or Place not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charter of the United East India Company, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof - ... Permanent Duty -£.100

Temporary Duty - 300

Total - - £ 4 o o

To the East Indies, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof ----- Temporary Duty - -£.400

Inspector Generals Office, Custom-House, London. 26th April, 1804.

William Irving,

Inspector General.

Appendix, (No. 32.)

6* Aprilis.

A LIST of the REGIMENTS and COMPANIES of the IRISH MILITIA, which have made a Voluntary Tender of their Services to be employed in any Part of Great Britain, during the War.

Date of Offer. REGIMENTS of MILITIA. Strength.

Officers. Non-Com. Officers. Rank and File.

lft August 1803 - Wexford ----- 28 58 545

25th August 1803 Kerry ----- 23 51 543

19th September 1803 - North Mayo Battalion, except four of the Privates - 21 47 487

lithOdober 1803 The five Battalion Companies and Light Company of the Leitrim Reg* 38

except fifteen Men - -- -- 19 403

16th October 1803 South Mayo, with the exception of Lieutenant Denis Browne 20 43 47*

23d October 1803 - - Monaghan - - - 3 6 69

\ Armagh - -- -- -- 3 6 68

j South Cork - 3 6 65

Light Companies - ] Derry - -- -- -- 3 8 85

7 Carlow - -- -- -- 3 6 51

V Limerick County ----- 2 4 64

14th November 1803 - Five Companies of the Wicklow ----- 16 34 350

28th November 1803 - Londonderry - -- -- - 25 57 619

1 ith December 1803 - Tipperary - -- -- -- 28 61 680

2 ift December 1803 - Seven Companies of the Monaghan ----- 26 46 485

30th December 1803 - Antrim - -- -- -- 21 5i 554

30th December 1803 - Royal Meath - - - - - J 22 49 509

Total 2 66 571 6,058

Whitehall, 7 April 6th 1804. 3

1

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

681

A LIST of the further Regiments and Companies of the IRISH MILITJA, which have made a Voluntary Tender of their Sendees to be employed in any Part of Great Britain, during the War.

Date of Offer.

*26th September l8o$ 4th A pril l 804. -6th April 1804 -6th April 1804 -9th April 1804 -pth April 1804 -9th April 1804 -10th April 1804 -

1 ith April 1804 -11th April 1804 -

Regiments of Militia.

Kilkenny -

Rolcommon -Cavan ——

Weftincath Clare -

King’s County -

Dublin City ' -

Cork City -

Louth -

Nine Companies of the Galwa}' Regiment Lift of Offers already laid before the House of Commons -

Total -

Strength.

Officers. NonCom. Officers. Rank and File.

29 49 553

- 28 48

- 23 39 410

- 21 39 361

- 22 38 416

- 00 %> * 51 v 543

- 30 5* 5*

- 2,8 51 484

- 26 56 611

- 34 56 562

- 2 66 571 6,058

- 539 1,050 11,032

Appendix,

(No. 32.)

cont inuedj

17® /ip.

• This Offer is mentioned in the Lord Lieuteuantof Ireland’s Letter to the Secretary of State, of the 26th September last; but the Letter jaoiitying the fame, from the Lari of Ormonde the Colonel of the Regiment, has not been received.

Whitehall, 17th April 1804.

J. King.

A LIST of the further Regiments and Companies of the IRISH MILITIA, which have made a Voluntary Tender of their Services to be employed in any Part of Great Britain, during the War.

7* M*ii.

Date of Offer. Regiments of Militia. Strength.

• < Officers. NonCom. Officers. Rank and File.

14th April 1804 - Tyrone ----- 3i 64 688

16th April 1804 r Carlow ----- 18 34 359

16th April 1804 - South Cork - - *3 45 474

17th April 1804 - Dublin County - 19 37 39y

18th April 1804 - Armagh ----- *7 43 461

2oth April 1804 - South Down ----- *4 40 412

«oth April 1804 - North Cork ----- 30 4i 560

2iff April 1804 - Limerick County - 24 47 494

% lit April 1804 - Wicklow (Light Company) 6 Men excepted - 7 6 69

24ih April 1804 - Waterford, except 1 Lieut, and 32 Privates 27 49 512

230 406 4,428

Lift of Offers already laid before the House of Commons - 539 1,050 11,032

769 M5<S 15,460

Whitehall, ? 7th May 1804.)

J. King.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum wanted in the present Year, to defray the Sums awarded to be paid by the Britishi Government, pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannic Majesty and the United States of America.

Four Hundred and Twelve Thousand Pounds.

Appendix

(No. 33->

6* Aprilis. v-----J

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber?, ? April 4 3'»4* 3

N. Vanjittart.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Art 43d G*o. III. cap. 36. intituled, "An Act for raising the u Sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the year 1803," Outftauding and Unprovided for.

Three Millions.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 5th April 1804. 3

Vol. 59.

N. Vanfit

3 L

Appendix,

(No. 34.)

6® Aprilis.

682

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 34.)

6* Apr Ms,

continued» -----,-----J

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer bills issued per Act 43d Geo. 1IL cap. 93. intituled, "An Act for raising the " Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year 1803," Outstanding and Unprovided for.

Five Millions.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 5th April 1804.

N. Vanjittart.

An A C C O tJ N T, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per A A 43d Geo. III. cap. 146. intituled, u An Act for enabling His Majesty to rails the Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned/' Outstanding and Unprovided for.

One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 5th April 1804.

N. Fanjittart.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 43d Geo. III. cap. 147. intituled, "An Act for raising " the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for " the year 1803," Outstanding and Unprovided for.

One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 5th April 1804.

N. Vanjitt«

Appendix, (No. 35.) 10° Aprilis.

RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, of the 23d of March 1804, for a Copy of any Orders made by His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, since the Union, affecting the Half Pay of Officers on the Irish Establishment, when employed in England.

THE Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland have not, since the Union, made any Orders affecting the Half Pay of Officers on the Irish Establishment, when employed in England \ nor have their Lordships cognizance of any being so employed.

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, *) 4th April 1804. 3

G. Cavendish.

Appendix,

(No. 36.)

11* Apr

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's FOREIGN and other SECRET SERVICES;

for the year 1864.

For His Majest/s Foreign and other Secret Services -Dedudi,

For the Charge on the Estimate on the Civil List for this Service . -

£■ *■ A

• 175,060 O O

- 25,000 O O

£■ 150,000 O O

One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,)

11th April 1804. j N. Vanfiltart.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

683

Appendix*

(No. 37 )

An ESTIMATE of all DUTIES of CUSTOMS Charged in Great Britain, and Outfianding on Bond or 11° /fprilis.

otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1803 and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles,

and Temporary from Permanent Duties.

I . — Duties Oiitstanding in Great Britain, on

5th January 1809: 5th January 1804:

Permahent. Temporary. Permanent. Temporary.

£■ '■ d. £■ s. d. £■ *• d. £. d.

Sugar ----- '678,376 6 8 - •462,590 12 4 * 92,386 12 4

Wine - 316,157 14 3 5.164 3 11 528,676 — 6 —

Brandy - 3,059 — 6 382 7 6

Geneva 240 30

pimento ----- 1,611 6 6 201 8 3

Feathers - i,3i4 — 164 6 —

Russia Linen - - •* - *,399 * 6 174 17 9

Duty on British Manufactures Exported - 3»369 — 1 - 4,718 17 6 23,918 11 9

Total - - £. 997.903 i — 5,164 3 11 1,003,609 7 10 117.258 3 7

Including the Duty annually granted*

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London,

12th April 1804.

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports

and Exports of Great Britain*.

6S4

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 37.)

continued,

26° Afrilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of \V I N E Imported into, and Exported from,

Distinguiffiing each Year: and how much remained

Y cars. I M P 0 R T E D.

/ French. Madeira. Portu gal. Rhenish. Spanish. Other Wines. 1 \ T 0 T A L.

• Tuns. II. G. Tuns. JI. G. Tuns. II. G. Tuns. II. G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. 11. G. Tuns. IT. G.

17 99 * 1,662 0 61 671 0 41 24,30° 1 10 9‘* 3 45 *5,670 3 15 16 1 24 33*4 *9 3 7

1800 - *2,078 1 15 967 2 42 20,7.; 8 0 47 119 2 ib 3,354 3 15 73 3 15 3-,33- 1 26

1801 - 3*861 3 39 1,179 1 38 28,07 L 1 35 106 1 11 6,424 0 49 98 1 19 4°,341 2 2

1 8o‘2 - 1,230 1 61 i,497 3 3s 22,023 0 7 114 2 4 5,3-5 * 58 209 3 ! 3°>f°7 0 54

1803 - 1,445 0 6 i,5d3 3 29 27,682 3 54 53 0 41 M7l 2 55 201 2 27 | 37»9l3 1 23

Inspector General’s Office, Cultoni-!Ionic, London, 26th April 1804.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of RAW SUGAR Imported into, and of Raw and

and of the Duties Paid, and Drawbacks and

I M PORTED. E X-

RAW. RAW.

r > ( \

Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Drawback.

Cwt. q. lb. £■ <i. Cwt. q. lb. £. s. d.

British Plant11 - - 1801 - - 3>7*9,3°* 1 8 3,486,572 10 2 4°<M°5 2 27 486,544 19 10

1802 - - 4,173,148 1 16 4,051,021 9 9 1,023,210 2 14 068,690 14 7

1803 - - *,943.^39 3 6 3,064,179 10 10 591,845 2 25 737,624 2 2

East India - - - 1801 - - 61,213 2 21 88,384 16 4 60,741 0 22 ....

1802 - - 57,714 O 22 23,016 19 4 25,54° 0 4 -

1803 - - 68,296 0 0 53,988 12 10 28,512 0 15 -

Foreign Plant" - 1801 - - 186,048 1 l8 10,687 5 9 165,220 3 23 -

1802 - - 66,216 1 26 4,920 11 1 93,979 0 8 -

1803 - - 152,294 1 6 15,213 19 s 13s,534 * 11

Inspefoor General’s Office, 1 William Irving,

C'uftom-house, London, > Inspector General of the Imports and Exports

•2thh April 1804. ) Great Britain.

25* jaa.

An ACCOUNT of ESTIMATE of all Duties of CUSTOMS in Great Britain chained,.

Distinguishing the several Articles; and

Sugar -

Wine - -

British Manufactures Exported -

Sundry small Articles, the Duties on which are uncertain, but elt i mated at ——

Inspector General’s Office, Custom-House, London, •25th July 1804.

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

Great Britain, in Five Years, ending 5th January 1804: under Bond on the 5th January in each Year.

EXPORTED. Quantity remaining under Bond, on the 5 th January in each Year.

r . French. Madeira. Portugal. Rhenish. Spanish. Other Wines. \ TOTAL.

Tun?. H. G. 1,243 * 0 2,026 3 23 1,928 2 21 693 0 5 836 1 32 Tuns. II. G. 64 2 12 62 0 35 88 0 35 118 0 33 82 2 37 Tuns. H. G. 1.157 3 5 1.05+ 2 7 1,344 * *3 1,332 2 11 <■34- 1 9 Tuns. H. G. 45 0 8 47 0 38 41 0 35 35 3 26 21 2 48 1 > Tuns. H. G. 347 0 62 501 1 26 333 0 4^ 376 2 18 590 1 20 Tuns. H. G. M3 * 58 53® 2 38 433 3 13 24 3 6 13 3 ®2 Tuns. H. G. 3,001 2 19 4,228 2 43 4>i®9 1 47 2,580 3 36 2,479 i 19 Tuns. 1-1. G. 12,(584 18 . 7*864 3 10 12,782 3 9

Appendix

'(No. 37.)

26 Apri ’/

William Irving,

Inspector Gen1 of the Imports

and Exports of Great Britain.

Refined Sugar Exported from, Great Britain, in Three Years, ending 5th January 1804; Bounties Received thereon; distinguishing each Year.

-rORTED. More Imported than Exported. More Exported than , Imported. — -

REFINED. Total of Raw and Refined Sugar Exported.

r Quantity. 1 Bounty. Quantity. Drawback and Bounty. Quantity. Quantity.

Cwt. q. lb. 333,384 2 10 529,509 0 9 541,987 1 19 £. t. 604,776 11 7 902,111 3 S 1,191,967 17 11 Cwt. q. lb. 975,857 0 8 1,923,375 3 24 1,513,222 2 7 £. s. d. 1,091,321 11 5 1,870,801 18 3 1,929,592 0 1 Cwt. q. lb. 2,753,445 1 0 2,249,772 1 20 1,430,417 0 27 Cwt. q. lb.

• m , m 60,741 O 22 25*54 0 4 28,51a 0 15 - - . 472 1 27 32,174 0 18 39,783 3 13

• * - * ~ 165,220 3 23 93,979 0 8 138,534 2 11 " - " " 20,827 1 23 •3,759 2 23 27,762 2 10

Note.—The Drawbacks and Bounties above Rated are the Sums actually paid in each Year, and not the computed Amount on the Quantities exported within the period of the Account.

This Account is exclusive of the Temporary Duty on Sugar, under the Ad 43 d of His Majesty, cap. 70.; amounting to £.291,318. and the Drawback to £. 18,126. 6 s. gd.

Note.—* Refined Sugar is reduced into the Denomination of Raw, at the Proportion of 34 Cwt. of Raw to 20 Cwt. of Refined.

and Outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th April 1803, and on the 5th April 1804, respectively; Temporary from Permanent Duties.

Duties of CUSTOMS Outstanding in Great Britain on

5th April 1803: 5th April 1804:

Permanent. Temporary. Permanent. Temporary.

£. s. d. /. s. d. j £. d. £. *. d.

241,894 13 11 - - - ! 170,508 14 0 33,970 4 8

262,062 10 4 3*45 11 11 528,184 5 3

5,965 10 8 - 9,375 17 8 48,798 2 2

8,000 0 0 1,000 0 0

£■ ‘ 50<J,9*2* 14 11 3,245 n 11 716,068 l6 11 83,768 6 10

William Irving,

inspe&or General.

V ox.. 59. 8 M

a s Ju

686

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(N° 37O

continued, 27* Apr tits:

An ESTIMATE of all the DUTIES Charged in Great Britain*, and Outstanding on Distinguiftiing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties-

- TEMPORARY DUTIES: >V PERMANENT DUTIES:

ARTICLES. Z'* V Outstanding on the 5th January 1803; r Outstanding on the 5th January 1803*, Y total, 1803.

r On Bond. Other wife. t On Bond. 1 Otherwise.

Beer- - Bricks and Tiles - Candles - - - x Cyder ----- Glass - Hides and Skins ----- Hops - - - Malt, per Act 42 Geo. III. - - _. , f commenced 26th March Malts, Annual |_ _ D. *4th june , .1 1 1 1 * 1 1 1 1 1 "*3 •) 4 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 St £■ s. 343,890 11 7J 211,630 IO 2j- 1 1 1 * * 1 1 1 vj <« 1 1 ! l t 1 t 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 t l | | 1 1 £■ 648,624 13 4,812 10 47,028 9 1,115 2 74.965 17 57,116 12 33,339 18 432,878 19 d. n 44 4 43 84 64 54 24 £• *■ d.

IVfetheglin or Mead, and Vinegar -Paper ----- Printed Goods ----- Sope- ----- Spirits, British— Consolidated - - - . 4,399 16 7i,4H 19 164,496 16 44,900 11 167,958 9 3i 1*4 i4 2;‘> ,5 /

Spirits, Foreign—Consolidated - - - 63>,694 13 5 Rum - i -

Starch ----- Sweets - - - Consolidated - 4>539 — 3,001 17 loj'

Wine - - - - Consolidated - . 185,114 1 ij - -

Wire 62319 4

Salt* * ’ - Total on Bond 555.530 9l 816,808 14 1,760,438 6 816,808 14 158,996 7 -3 64

£■ 555,530 1 9! j £■ 2,736,24 3 7 7 3.291,773 9 4f

N. B. * In the Accounts returned to this Office of Salt Duties Charged and Outstanding, no Distinction is made between the Amounts payable weekly, and the Amounts remaining on Bond payable in six weeks.

The Proprietors of Rums Bonded being allowed to export any Quantity Duty-free, no distimft Account is kept of those Bonded for Exportation or Home Consumption; and the Excise Duty on the whole Quantity, in Bond, is returned.

Excise Office, 7 A .. 0 London, \ «+th April 1804.

J. Kemp,

Accornp1 Gen1.

North Britain.—An ESTIMATE of all the DUTIES Charged and Outilarniinj,

c

on the 5th of January 1803 and 1804, respectively: Distinguishing the several Duties Outstanding, estimated from

Coffee. Cocoa. Geneva. Rum.

Articles - f - - -( temporary - - - £. s. d. 4,123 13 9 £. s. d. 729 18 8 £■ *■ <1. £■ *■ 19L095 7 11

Total at 5th January 1803 - 4,123 13 9 729 18 8 - i9i,095 7 11

Articles - j £ermanent - * * I T emporary - - - 7,126 17 ii 22 12 10 2,985 16 3 1,492 18 i| 109,102 9 a 99-551 4 ?

Total at 5th January 1804 - 7,126 17 11 22 12 10 4,478 14 4j 298,653 14 5

N. B. Of the Articles remaining under Bond, as above fbited,

Excise Office, Edinburgh

' 12th April 1804.

Rob. Graham. Jo. Stuart.

J. Wharton. Ja' StOu ir!,.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

687

Bond or otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1803 and the 5th day of January 1804, respectively; so far a* relates to the Revenue of EXCISE in England.

TEMPORARY DUTIES: PERMANENT DUTIES:

f A r

Outstanding on the Outstanding on the TOTAL,

ARTICLES. 5 th January 1804; 5th January 1804; 1804.

( A I \

On Bond. Otherwise. On Bond. Otherwise.

Beer - - 1 •6 ( I £■ s. d. £. t. d. £. t. d. 67L953 4 3i £•

Bricks and Tiles ----- 6,384 *3 2|

Candles ----- 9 44,547 19 6*

Cyder ----- 2,009 9 '6i

Glass ----- 63,534 *7 5

Hides and Skins - 54,076 9 10

Hops ----- 432,397 * —

Malt, per Ad 42 Geo. III. - - - 257,477 — 2g 323,496 15 2

Malts, Annual { comiTn«nc,d *6th Man* - — —

’ \- - D" - - 24th June - »58,447 7 10 — —

Malt, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cb. 81 - - 633,789 11 4? — —

Malt, per - DJ - Stock in Hand - - 512,986 12 —j — —

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar - a - - 3,890 15 —

Paper ----- 59,835 *1

Printed G«ods ----- 172,877 10 71

Sope ----- 44,391 16 6

Spirits, British—Consolidated * - - *48,494 3 4

D° - - D° - per Ad 43 Geo. III. ch. 81 - 74*4>3 6 5* —

Spirits, Foreign—Consolidated - . f 121,092 5 4 \ 17053,850 8 10 Brandy ? Rum j

D® - - D° - per Ad 43 Geo. III. ch. 81 f 60,546 2 8 1526,925 4 5 Brandy 7 Rum J v —

Starch ----- 3.774 3 3i 2,152 12 7

D° - - - — per Ad43 Geo.HI. ch. 81 - 358 15 5 —

Wine- - - - - Consolidated - 333,052 14 io| —

D9 - per Ad 43 Geo. III. ch. 81 122,948 11 4 — — —

D* Stock in Hand, per D* - - 219*365 11 9i j — —

Wire i 1,617 *7 5

710,41918 5 1,856,838 5 2 1,507,995 9 —3 2,035,435 — 8

Salt . Total on Bond 710,419 18 5 - 1,507,995 9 —i

198,559 11 ix|

£■ 2,567.258 3 7 , £■ 3,741,990 1 «4 6,309,248 5 3}

Appendix, (No. 37.)

continued,

*7° dprilis.

1803: 1804:

£• s. d. £. 1. d.

Permanent Duties Outstanding in England, as above - - - 2,736,243 7 7 - - - 3,741,990 i S£

- - - D° ----- in Scotland, as per Account

ordered to be printed 16th April 1804 ----- 321,243 7 11 - - 421,767 15 2

3,057,486 15 6 - - - 4*163,757 16 loj

in Bond or otherwise, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, Articles; and Temporary from Permanent Duties.

Quantities in Bonded Warehouses. Otherwise than on Bond, being for Stock in hand, payable by Instalments agreeably to Law. TOTAL.

Tobacco. Wine. Wine. Malt.

£. s, d. 99,790 14 2 £. s. d. 25,503 13 5 -a < < i t £. s. d. £■ *■ d. 321,243 7 I*

99,790 14 2 25,503 13 5 - - 321,243 7 11

188,485 8 7 24.0x410 1 8,864 6 8 16,013 117 1 21,693 7 .6 421,767 15 2 147,615 8 7!

188,485 8 7 32,908 16 9 16,013 n 7 21,693 7 6 j 569,383 3 9

a very considerable Part may probably be Exported.

16° Apr

Wm Macao, Accomptant.

James Bruce, Accompt' Genera!. John Stuart, D* Compt1.

(588 Appendix. A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 38.) An ACCOUNT of the TREASURY RILLS of Ireland Outstanding, that will become payable in the year i!

17* Aprilis. Treasury Bills due and payable 24th June 1804 -- - I)" ----- 24th July 1804 - D° - -- -- - 31ft July 1804 £■ *■ d. 1,100,000 100.000 500.000

1,700,000

James Croflon.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

17* Apr ilis.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s LAND FORCES, in Ireland; from 25*k

December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 360 days.

Charge for 366 days.

For the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies; upon Account Irish. £■ *• d. * 106,855 + 10

* Which Sum of £. 106,855. 4. lo. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - -£ 98,635 12 2

War Office, 7 17th April 1804. 3 C. Brag

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, in Ireland; including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board; from ^25th December 1803 to 24U1 December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Charge for 366 days.

For General and Staff Officers, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both days inclusive M<*Uc*l Board, and Medical Staff, for the fame period ——

Total - - f.

Irish.

£■ d.

40,052 6

17.071 5 9

*66,123 12 4i

War Office, 7 17 th April 1804. y

* Which Sum of £. 66,123. 12. 4J. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

<5i,0S7 3 9

C. Brapgc.

PARTICULARS of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, in Ireland; including the Permanent Allowance of the Medical Board (from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

(Commander of the Forces, at £. 10. a day Four Aides de Camps to Ditto, 10 s. a day each Secretary to Ditto, /. 2. a day -l or Clerks to Ditto -Peltate for Ditto

3 Lieutenant Generals, at £. 4. a day each 2 Aides de Camp to each of Ditto, at 10s. a day each

10 Major Generals, at £. 2. a day each 1 Aide de Camp to each of Ditto, at 105. a day each

2*2 Brigadier Generals, at £. 1. 105. a day each 1 Adjutant General at £. 3. per day -Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks -Deputy Adjutant General, at^. 1. per day Allowances in lieu of Contingent Expences b A16 f hint Adjutants General, at 15s. per diem each l Adiliunt Deputy Adjutant General, j s. §d. per diem

Carried forward

3>fi50

730

730

958

80

19 10.;

4.38o

1.095

7.300

1.825

1.095 — 5-9 2 3*>5 — I58 14 I,f>42 10 144 16

Charge for 306 days.

Irish.

£■ s. d.

6,148 19 10J

5,475 -

9,125-----

12,045-----

4,208 18 54

37,002 18 31

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

689

Particulars of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, in Ireland—continued.

Brought forward -

Quarter Matter General, at £. 3. a day -

Allowance to D°, for the Examination of the Forage Accounts of the Cavalry Allowance to D°, for the Examination of the Baggage Accounts of the Army Allowance to D° for Clerks -

Expences of Coals and Candles for Office -

Allowance for Pottage of Letters -

Deputy Quarter Matter General, at^. i.aday -

3 Permanent Assistants Quarter Matter General; viz.

1 at the Pay of Lieut. Colonel of Cavalry -

2 at the Pay of Majors of Cavalry, £. 351. 6. 3. each -

10 Assistant Quarter Matters General, at 15#. per day each

1 Major of Brigade in Dublin, at 10*. per day -----Ditto, for Stationary -

£.41915 — 702 12 6

26 Majors of Brigade, at 10*. per day each * Insepctors of Clothing, at £. r. per day each 1 Field Provost Marttial, at 5 s. per day -

MEDICAL* BOARD:

Two Joint Phyttcians General -Surgeon General - -

Director General -

- at 10*. per diem each

- 20 s. per d° each -

50*. per d1 each -

£• 365 -365 —

912 IO

Secretary, per annum Assistant to D°, per D°

4 Assistant Inspectors Horse Money -Lodging Money

14 Surgeons

Horse Money -Lodging Money

4 Apothecaries

Horse Money -Lodging Money

4 Purveyors -

Horse Money -Lodging Money

4 Deputy Purveyors lodging Money

30 Hospital Mates -Lodging Money

MEDICAL STAFF:

5 s. per d°

3 s. \d. per d° -8 #. per week -

3*. 4d. per d#, 8 #. per week

3 *. 4 d. per d°

8 s. per week

5 s. per diem each

6 s. per week

6*. per week -

Rent of Board-room and Offices

Stationary and Printing -Pottage -

Coals and Candles -Contingencies -

- 1,460

- 365

ns 6 —

- 3.832 10 —

— 851 13 4

- 291 4 —

- ' 730 — __

243 6 8

- «3 4 —

- 730

- 243 6 8

" 83 4 —

- 365

- 62 8 —

ach 4,106 5 —

- 468 —

. d.

1,095-----

211 12 93

211 12 9|;

392 17 H!

42 6 6j!

80 _ —

365 —

1,123 7 6 2,737 10 —

Charge for 366 days.

Irish.

£■ *■ <*-37,00a 18 3I

182 IO -

42 6 6j

1,642 to —

60-----

60-----

1,943 6 4,975 7 4

1.056 10 8

1.056 10 8

427 8 —

4.574 !j —

91-----

100 —

22 15 — 22 15 — 100 —

Poundage, Hostels, and Pells ....

Total -

* Which Sum of £. 66,123. 12. 4$. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

6,258 6 9

224 16 6|

4.745 -

730-----

91 5 —

49,052 6 7|

1,76a 10 —

H.033 7

336 10

65,184 14 3$ 938 18 1

66,123 12 4$

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

170 Apr

continued.

61.037 3 9

1

IN

690

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No 39.)

17® Aprilis,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's FORCES; from 25th December 1S03

to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 360 days.

GREAT BRITAIN:

Ilorfe Grenadier Guards. (

1 Major -

2 Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain (difference of Pay)

2 Guidons and Captains -

5 Sub-Lieutenanti ——

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains -

1 Surgeon -

1 Riding Matter -

each £* 356. 17. o,

each - 338. 11. o. 228. 15. o.

122. 0. o.

Life Guards - - Eleven Trumpeters

Coldttream Regiment of Foot Guards -

Foot: - - - 1 Major and Captain

4 (Captains 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 Quarter Matter -

Agency

each £.45. 15. o,

- One Aflittant Surgeon

Scotch

Brigade.

each £. 172. 6. 6,

41ft Regiment of Foot or Invalids.

[ 3 Captains -3 Lieutenants 2 - - Ditto 5 Ensigns . 1 Adjutant ( 1 Quarter Matter

Agency ——

each £. 172. 6. 6.

103.14.0. - 85. 8. o.

- 85. 8. o.

Agency - -. -Allowances to 3 Captains - - - each £. 80.

Companies

of

Invalids.

1 Commandant 1 - - Ditto 29 Captains -69 Lieutenants 38 Ensigns -1 Surgeon -

each £. 172. 6. 6. 103. 14. o.

85. 8. o.

Agency -

Allowances to 28 Captains - - - Ditto - j Captain - -

c

£• 8°*

r 3 Captains Late Royal { 16 Lieutenants

Garrison

Battalion.

I 1 - - Ditto I 1 Ensign 1 Adjutant Attittant Surgeon

r

each £. 172. 6. 6. 103. 14. o.

Agency - -

For the Colonels of the Six Regiments of the late Irish Brigade, and for the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments continued on full Pay; upon Account .........

Total for Great Britain

IRELAND:

Corps

of

Invalids.

* 2 Captains

2 Lieutenants

3 Ensigns

each £. 173. 7. 6.

- 104. 2. 6.J

- 85.14. 6.

Allowances to the 2 Captains -

- too. o. o.

• Which Sum of £. 1,012. 3. 7. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Charge for 366 days.

£. s. 457 "> 713 155 11 677 2 M43 15 173 17 244 — 146 8 45 »5

d.

H —

C

3,757 12 503 5

4,260 17 80 —

689 6

85 85 8

860 2 21 10

516 19 6

311 2 —-

170 16 — 427-----

73 4 — 85 8 —

1,584 9 6

39 12 2 240-----

ll8 19

91 10 — 4,997 8 6

7,155 6 — 3,245 4 ~ 172 6 6

»5,78 14 — 394 10 4 2,240-----

109-----

516 19 6 1,659 4 —

85 8 —

85 8 —

73 4 — 91 10 —

2,511 13 6 62 15 10

Irish;

346 15 — 208 5 1

257 3 6

812 3 7 200 — —

# *,012 3 7

4.340 17 93 15

260 —

Total - - £.

881 12 —

1,864 1 S

*8,5,5 4 4

4,574 9

4,000 — ~-

32,530 -- 7,

934 6 5

33,464 7 —

War Office,

17th April 1804.

C. Brag

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

691

E STIM ATE of ths Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; irom 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days>

Charge for 366 days.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

17° Jprilisy

continued.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, Sec.

lees at the Exchequer ——

For the Allowance to the Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. ——

For the Allowance to the Coinmiflary General of the Mutters, his Deputy, and Clerks, and for reduced Commissaries -

Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, Sic. - - - - •- - ‘ -

Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army ' ......

Cominiflary General of Stores and Provisions, his Deputies, Clerks, Sec. -

£> d

17 >9*5-----

70,000-----

16,804 a 6 4>'23° 7 — 3,971 8 -

8,302-----

36,911 9 6

158,214 7 —

IN IRELAND:

Muster Matter General, mid his Deputies £.1*640 12 6

Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, Sec. - -- -- - - 1,230-

Physician General ----- - 305--

Surgeon General - -- -- -- - 365-----

Provost Marshal, and Contingencies ----- - 560 10 1

Agent for the transmission of Deserters - ----- - 100-

Town Major of Dublin, and Deputy ----- - 747 1$ 6|

Secretary and Accountant to the Hoard of General Officers ----- - 495 16 5

Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, his Deputy, Clerks, dec. ----- 4*021 3 5.}

For certain Miscellaneous Services - -- -- -- -- 55165

• £• 9,581 15 5J

• Which Sum of £.9,581. 15. 5J Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

8>844 14 3

Total

7>°59

3

War Office, F

17th April 1804. y C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the.Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; of an Allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be Quartered -of an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, for Small Peer* and of an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March ih Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Charge for 366 days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; upon Account - -

For an Allowance of Lodging Money to the Inhabitants of North Britain, upon whom Soldiers may be Quartered; upon Account -

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majest/s Land Forces, for Small Beer; upon Account ......

d.

160.000 -

7,000-----

180.000 -

347,000-----

IN IRELAND:

Irish.

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land £. d.

Forces, for Small Beer - -- -- -- -- - 84,363 13 4

For an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, vhile on a March - 33,139 10 —

* £■ n 7,503 3 4

* Which Sum of £. 117,503. 3 $. ±d. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to - - <• 108,464 9 3

Total - - - £. 455,464 9 3

JKBBasssssEr

War Office, 7

17th April 1804. 3 G. Braggc*

692

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 39.)

17* Aprilis,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Charge for 366 days.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon the Establishment of Great Britain; upon Account -

For Ditto to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces upon the Irish Establish- Irish: ment, including the Allowance to retired Chaplains - - - - * £• 47>9°° 5 '

* Which Sum of £.47,900. 5. 1. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total for Half Pay - - - £.

For Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon the

Establiftnnent of Great Britain; upon Account - - - £. 5>°°°-----

For Ditto to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon Irish: the Establishment of Ireland ----- *£.720 17 6

£. *. d.

145,000-----

44,215 12 5

189,215 12 5

* Which Sum of £.720. 17. 6. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - 665 8 6

Total for Military Allowances - £.

Total - - £.

5,665 8 6

194,881 — 11

War-Office, 7 17th April 1804.)

C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces; from 25th

December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces Allowances to Officers of Ditto - - - - . -

War-Office, 17th April 1804.

Total

Charge for 366 days.

£. s. d. 44,000-----

6,000-----

50,000-----

C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade

Charge for 366 days.

~£- >- d.

1,000 -

War-Office, 7

17th April 1804.) C. Bragge*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainiiam; from the 25th December 1803 to the 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366*days.

Charge

" for 366 days.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL.

21,422 Out-Pensioners, at 5 d. per diem each, deducing for Pensions unclaimed, £.6,614. 13* 9* 400 Letter Men, at 1 s. per diem each -

31 Serjeants, at 9^. per diem each -

39 Serjeants, blind, or nearly so, at 1*. 6 d. per diem each -, -

37 Corporals - - Ditto - - 1 s. 2 d.

589 Privates - - - Ditto - - is. -

206 Serjeants, discharged From Garrisons, 1 -

£■ d.

156,728 1 3

7,320-----

425 9 6 1,070 11 — 789 19 _ 10,778 14 — 3,769 16 —

22,724

180,882 10 9

Additional Pensions for Disabled Men

1,486 15 10

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying Out-Pensioners -To the Agents Clerks -

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners -

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

, £■ £• '»643 6 — 462 14 — 1,000-----

£■ 3,106-----

- 1,200 ——

182,369 6 7

1,906^-----

Dediuft, £.

Already provided in the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s For ce3, for the year 1804 -

184*275 6 7

'4*448 14 5

Remains to be provided

(Carried forward)

169,826 12 2

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

693

Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners—continued.

Brought forward *

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMAINHAM.

Infli:

Officers and Soldiers on the Out-Pension ----- - £24,870 17 3

Chelsea Pensioners in the Militia in Ireland - about 1,000-----

Admissions and Re-admissions - -- - 5,000 — -—

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum -

£■ 30,870 17 3

954 15 4J

*£■ 31,825 is 7i

• Which Sum of £.31,825. 12. 7}. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

Total - - £.

Charge for 366 days.

£• s. d,

169,826 12 2

*9*77 10 1

199^204 2 3

War-Office, 7 *7th April 1804.)

C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Ix-Pexsioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham; and of the Internal Expences of the said Hospitals; from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL..

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers ——

Clothing for Ditto ——

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers ——

Board Wages and Table for Ditto ——

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

Tradesmen

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries ——

Deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions, for the year 1804

Total for Chelsea Hospital - - £.

Charge «• for 366 days.

£• *• d*

1,271 6 4 L324 14 4

3,896 9 —

669-----

2,019 11 9

1,900 — — 3,300 — — 14,000 — —-4,4^0-----

32,781 1 5 2,800-----

29,981 1 5

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMAINHAM.

Providore for Diet of Officers and Soldiers.£. 7»250 -

Washing ----- - 400---

Clothing for Officers and Soldiers (Half Mounting) ----- 600-

Salaries - - - " - 4,200---

Coals - - - - 850-

Candles and Lamps ----- - 270-----

Tradesmen's Bills - -- - - -- - 1,500 — —

- D* - - for Repairs of Buildings, &c. ----- 1,000-

Medicaments - - - loo-

Contingencies - - - , .500--:

16,670-

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum - - - 515 11 4

17.185 11 4

• Which Sum of £. 17,185. n. 4. Irish, amounts, in Brithh Money, to -

Total - - £.

15,863 —

,844 13 5

War-Office, > v,

ijth AprU 1804.1

VOL. 59.

8 0

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

170 Jpri/is,

continued.

694

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

170 Ap

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces; for the year 1804.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

Numbers.

Rank of their late Iiufbands.

Rates of Pension.

49 Widows of Colonels - ' ...... - -£.80.

33 - - - - Lieutenant Colonels ----- 50.

26 - - - - Majors ----- 40.

212 - - - - Captains and Pay mailers - - - 30.

258 - - - - Lieutenants ----- - 26.

202 - - - - 2d Lieutenants, Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, and Quarter Matters 20.

8 - - - - Physicians and Purveyors - - 30,

38 - - - - Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Ilospital Mates - -, 16.

o - - - - Allittant Commissaries of Stores ----- 26.

1- - -- -- - Ditto ----- 20.

m

c

The A irtoun t of 12 d. in the Pound allowed to the Pay matter of the Pensions above ttated, £. 1,231 18 *— Salary of Deputy Pay matter, per annum - - - - 100-

‘From which Dedud the following Sums already provided; viz. On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons -

On - - - - D° for the Marine Corps -

£.a,766 -

1,402 6 7

In IRELAND:

Allowances to the Widows of Commissioned and Warranted Officers

attending the fame

Remains £.

Irish:

i, and Expenses J.£6 soo-----

Which Sum of £.6,500. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total

Charge.

s. d.

3,920-----

1,650-----

1.040 -

6,360-----

6,708 — —

4.040 -

240-----

608-----

5^-----

20-----

24,638-----

L33i *8 —

25,969 18 — 4,168 6 7

21,801 11 5

6,000

27,801 11 5

War-Office, 7 17th April 1804.)

C. Brag

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Department in Ireland; from the 25th December 1803 to

24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Charge for 566 days.

Irish.

Firing and Candles for the Troops Regimental Officers Lodgings -

Lodging of Privates and Stabling Small Utensil Money -:

Straw for the Soldiers Beds Hospital Expences for the Militia Part Purchase of Middleton Factory -General Plan of Barracks -

- - - D° extra, per Order of Government

Repairs Rents -

Bedding and Furniture Acting Officers Salaries -Retired and Superannuated Ditto Barrack Matters Salaries Taxes of Temporary Barracks Contingencies -

of Permanent Barracks ( of Temporary Barracks * of Permanent Barracks of Temporary Barracks

Total -

Which Sum of £.500,377, 19. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

£• d.

110,355-----

25.000 -

14,296 14 8

8,323 11 —

13,500 -

780-----

10.000 — — 59,i72 13 4

100,000-----

15,006-----

30.000 -

3,800 — —

36.000 -

35.000 -

7.000 -

4,150-----

16.000 -

6.000 -

6.000 — —

£■ 500,377 ui —

£• 461,887 6 10

War Office, ljth April 1804.

C. Bra?ve.

E ST IM AT E of the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty’s Forces in Ireland; including the Provifwn of Medicaments, Bedsteads, and Bedding, for General and Regimental Hospitals; and of the Charge of the lloyal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive being 366 days.

Charge

- " ~ ' ' Ll " for 366 days.

General Hospital Expences, including all Contingencies chargeable in the Account of the Director General of Hospitals ——

Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals -

Bedtteads and Bedding - - - - for D° ——

For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers ——

Total £.

Which Sum of £.25,500. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - £.

Irish.

Z d-

12,000-----

6.000 -

4.000 -

3,500-----

25,500-----

23.538 9 3

War Office, \

17th April 1804.)

C. Bragge.

Appendix

695

44 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the further Sum required for Volunteer Corps in Great Britain* on Account of Expences

incurred in the year 1803.

For the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain; upon Account - - £. 500,000-----

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

17* Aprilis,

continued.

'----->

War Office, 7 17th April 1804. 3

C. Bragge.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, from 25th December 1803 1° 24th December 1804#

, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Charge for 366 days.

For the Pay, &c. of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, including the periods of their being called out on permanent Duty; upon Account - - * * * - £■ d->35,oooo £. s. d.

For the Clothing of Ditto; upon Account - - . .. For the Pay, &c. of, Volunteer Corps of Infantry, including the periods of their being called out on permanent Duty; upon Account ----- For the Clothing of Ditto; upon Account - 40,000 1,118,000 7,000 175*000 — — 1*125,000 — —

Total - - - - i,3°o*oooo — —

Deduct the Sum already voted on Account of the above Service - - 730,000 — —

Remains to be provided - - - £• 570,000

* War Office, \

17th April 1804. 3 C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Brit? aii* and Ireland, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 366 days.

Numbers. Charge

\ for 366 days.

£■ . >■ a

The Regiment of Roll - 847 24,754 — 7

847 24,982 15 7

855 25,723 2 4

695 20,523 19 —

The Queen’s German Regiment - - - - 847 24,754 — 7

The Royal York Volunteers - ----- 904 25,841 18 4

The King’s German Legion - -- -- -- 5,250 210,148 7 6

The Regiment of DiHon 7 f 906 17*689 5 3

847 1*377 — 3

561 8*795 15 11

Two Companies of Foreign Invalids - - - 9,000

Allowances to Foreign Officers, in lieu of Half Pay ----- 45,000

Ditto to Aged and Wounded Foreign Officers, Widows, &c. ----- 5,300

Contingencies - - - -- -- -- 15*000

Recruiting ----- 140,000 — -—

Total - >2,559 - 609,890 5 4

Deduct the Charge of Meuron’s Regiment, which is defrayed by the East India Company , 25,723 2 4

£■ 584,167 3 —

Deduct further, the Difference between British and Irish Currency, on the Charge of the

Queen’s German Regiment, which is Rationed in Ireland - 1,904 3

Remains - - * £■ 582,262 19 11

Of which, the Proportion of Charge for Great Britain, is - - - - 559,4 >3 2 5

For Ireland (the Queens German Regiment) - - 22,849 >7 6

Total, as above - - - 582,262 19 11

War Office, 7

17th April 1804. 3 C. Bragge.

696

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

17* Aprilis,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of The Royal Military College; for the year 1804.

Per Annum.

General Staff - - -Senior Department -Junior Department -

- as per Particulars in the annexed Paper (N° 1.) -

- as per - Ditto ----- (N° 2.) -

- as per - Ditto ----- (N° 3.) -

Total

£■ d.

3,940 2 —

,59° 6 1

5,749 *3

11,280 1 2

AVar Office, 17th April 1804,

804.5

C. Brag

(No. 1.)—P ART I CUL A RS . of the Annual Expence of the General Staff of The Royal Military Colle6E;

for the year 1804.

Days. At Per Annum. TOTAL.

1 Governor ----- £. s. d. 1,500 £. s. J.

1 Lieutenant Governor and Superintendant General - - - 730

1 Chaplain, Librarian, and Instrudor of ClafTics - 250

1 Secretary to the Supreme Board ----- *200

1 Staff Adjutant ----- 366. \os. 183 —

1 Surgeon - - . - - - - ' 10 $. 183 —

1 Treasurer ----- 300 —

1 Paymaster ----- -- 366. 15*- 274 1® —

3*- 54 »8 —

1 Lieutenant Governor’s Ditto ----- 3*- 54,s —

1 Secretary to the Supreme Board's Ditto ----- - 3*- 5418 — 1

3s ©1 00 1

loe — —

Total - - £■ 3,940 2 —

(No. 2.)—PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department of The Royal Military College;

for the year 1804.

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

Days. At Per Annum. TOTAL.

Commandant - -- -- - s £• S- d-• 790 9 7 £. s. d.

Superintendant ----- 366. 141. id. 257 H 6

Professor of Mathematics - -- - 300 — —

200

150

70

150

Inltrudor of German ----- - - ,50

Clerk to the Superintendant ----- 366. 3*- 54 18 —

Board Wages for two Servants during the Vacation, ea. - 62. is. 64 —

Undress Clothing for two Servants, at £. 3. ea. - - - 6

200 2>535 6 1 945

Dedud, Subscriptions from 30 Officers, at/.31. 105. each -

Remains to be provided - - - £■ 1,590 6 1

Books: Washing: Clothing: Board, Salary, 4c Board Wages: Civil Branch: Military Branch:

4-i Geo. JII.

Appendix.

697

(No. 3.)—PARTICULARS o-f the Annual Expends of the Junior Department of The Royal Military College;

for the year 1804.

l Commandant -1 Superintendent -3 Captains of Companies 3 Swjeant Majors

1 Corporal, and Clerk of the Kitchen 1 Clerk to the Super in tendant

Drummer

Mailer of Fortification -

- D° - of Mathematics ami Fortification -

- D° - of German -

- D° - of Military Drawing -ProfelTor of Oriental Languages -

- D° - of Natural Philosophy, Geography, and Iliftory Mailers of Geography, Ililtory and ClalTics, each at £. 150. Mailer of Drawing -

- D® - - D° each at £. 190. ——

- D° - - D° ......

French Mailers, each at £. 150. -

Arithmetic Mailers, each -

Writing Maser -

- D° - D° - each at/. 120. -

Fencing Mailer -

- D* - D° - each at £. 150. -

Riding M after -

- - Board for 300 Cadets, each -

- - Board for 1 Iloufckeeper, 16 Men Servants, and 14 Women Servants,'

each

- - Board Wages for Housekeeper and Purveyor, during the Vacation,"

each

- - Board Wages for 16 Men Servants, and 14 Women Servants - D° \ Time, each -----j

1 Housekeeper’s Salary -

14 Women Servants - D° - at /. 10. 105. each -

1 Nurse for Infirmary ——

300 Cadets, for Clothing, Shoes, and Repairs, at £. 14. each 3 Serjeant Majors, each at /. 7. gs. -l Corporal, and Clerk of the Kitchen -1 Drummer -

1 ^nrl^!a* ' | Working Dress and Hats - each at /. 3. 15 Men Servants j 0 * 0

300 Cadets, 42 weeks, at 1 s. 2 \ d. each per week

- - * D° - their Sheets, 21 pair each, at 4d. per pair -

- - D° - their Table Cloths, 8,320, at 3 d, each -

31 Servants, their Sheets, 2G4, for the year, at 4c?. per pair -

Books, Stationary, Mathematical Instruments, and Equipment, for 1 300 Cadets, at £. 6. each per annum - J

Contingencies ......

Derhufl,

The Subscriptions of 60 Cadets* at /.40. per annum each - - D° - - of 165 Cadets, at £.94. 10. each

Days.

3dd.

366.

366.

366.

304-

3°4-

62.

62.

At

•^5 j.

14s. id. 10 s.

3*-1 s. 6d.

3 s'

1 s. 2 \ d.

10 s.

10s.

Appendix*

(No. 39 )

17 * /tp>

/ cutdtnatii.

Per Annum.

10 s.

2 s.

9 d. 2$. 6d. 1 s.

£. s. d. 457 JO —

257 >4 .6

549 -

1G4 14 — 27 9 — 54 »8 — 21 14 7

200 ---

200 ---

150 —

150-----

200 ---

37O —

300 ---

200 ---

380 — 60 — •750 — 915 — 130 — 240 — I83 — 450 — 183 —

9,120-----

353 * — 15 U> — 93-----

30-----

H7-----

30-----

4,200-----

22 7 -

3-----

5-----

48-----

7^1 5 —

105-----

110 5 —

4 8 -

2,400-----

15,592 IV) —

TOTAL.

£■ d.

1,533 — 1 J

5,o6* —

9,78S l8 ---

4,278 7 —

980 18 —-

1,800-----

300-----

23,742 3 *1

Yol. 59.

Remains to be provided for

8 P

- L

17,092 10 — 5,749 13 ii

698

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

17 \dprilis

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Expences incurred, and expect'd to be incurred, within the year 1804, on Account of

The Royal Military Asylum, atChelfea.

For completing the Buildings, fitting up the Apartments, and forming the Grounds, of the Royal Military Asylum ......

For Disbursements on Account of the said Asylum, for Pay of* Officers, Wages of Attendants, Cloath-in<* and Maintenance of Children, and Contingencies, in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803 -

For Ditto - - for the year 1804; upon Account

For Exchequer Fees, paid on the Grants of Parliament for the Royal Military Asylum, in the years 1800, 1801, 180*2, and 1803 ......

For Ditto - - on £. 32,600, Amount of the present Estimate; about -

£. s. d.

17,000-----

2,857 15 7

10,028 911

>.939 7 — 774 7 6

Total -

32,600 --

War-Office, 7 17th April 1804.3

C. Brag

E 5TIM AT E of the Charge of Four Companies, for Garrison Service, in the West Indies and America; from 25th December

1803 to 24th December 1804, both inclusive; being 3G6 days.

V Charge

Numbers. for 366 days.

One Garrison Company to be formed in the Leeward Islands, from European Soldiers £■ s. d.

adjudged to serve Abroad, and from other European Soldiers unfit for further active Duty in the Field 111 3,110 11 4

One Ditto to be formed in Jamaica, from Men of the like Description - 84 2,295 i3 8

One Garrison Company of People of Colour, to be formed in the Leew&rd Islands 58 >.739 7

One Ditto more of the like Description - -- - 58 >.739 7

Total ----- 3ii 8,884 19 2

War-Office, 7

17th April 1804. 3 C. Bragge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Military Establishment of the United Kingdom,

in the year 1804,

Towards detraying the Charge of Two Regiments and Eleven Battalions of Foot, intended to be raised in Great Britain; upon Account

Towards defraying the Charge of Six Regiments of Foot, intended to be raised in Ireland; upon Account

£. s. d.

130,000-----

70,000-----

Total

200,000 — —

War-Office, 7

17th April 1804.3

C, Bragge.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

699

E STIM ATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Ca?e Breton, in America, from the lft of January

to the 31st of December 1804.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor * Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary Register and Clerk of the Council

Miniftef -

Surveyor General -

Naval Officer -

Provol't Marshal -

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster

Allowance upon account of Contingencies

Agent -

£. M. d.

5°0

5oo

- 100

150

100

100

loo —

100

40

200

150

£■ 2,040

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

18° Stpril’s.

K-----'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the lft of January

to the 31 ft of December 1804.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt

1 1 •* 1 1

' £■ 580

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America; from the

lft of January to the 31st of December 1804.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice

Three Assistant Judges, at £. 300 per annum each -

Attorney General -

Secretary Register and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Commissary at New Branswick Allowance on account of Contingencies -

Agent -

£■ *■ d.

1,000 -

500-----

900-----

150-----

250-----

100-----

! 50-----

800 -

150-----

500 -

150-----

L

4,650-----

EST I MATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia; from the lft of January W

the 31st of December 1804.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary Register and Clerk of the Council - -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer ——

Allowance to a Bishop ——

Allowance to a Bishop’s Commissiary ——

Allowance to Ministers - - - -•

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England -

To the Governors of King's College in this Province, for the Salaries of the Professors, and other Expences attending the Establishment -

To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate - -

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, late Minister of the Prelbylerian College at Halifax, till otherwise provided for ——

To Mr. Thompson, Prothoiiotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Assembly -

Mrs. Cotmans Annuity -

Allowance to the Superintendant of Fisheries ——

Allowance for a Vessel employed in the Service of the Superintendant of Trade and Fisheries

An Additional Missionary in Nova Scotia ——

Pension to Mary, Widow of Richard Bulkeley, Esq. late Secretary to the Province -Allowance on account of Fees for the Receipt and Audit - -

Agent ......

£■ d.

1,000 -

850-----

150-----

250-----

100-----

150-----

50-----

700-----

150-----

965 — —

75-----

1-000 -

100-----

75-----

100-----

100-----

200 -

600 — —

50-----

100 — —

QOO-----

200 ——

7,165-----

700

Appendix

A.1804

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

18° dprilis, continued.

j


ESTI M AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January

to the 31st of December 1804.

The Salary of the Chief Justice, to cease when a Salary shall be provide^ by the Legillalure of the Island ----- ......

600-----

E S T I M AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward Island; from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1S04.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Jultiec -

Attorney General ——

Secretary Kegil'ter and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Provost Mai dial ——

Minilrer ——

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to ;be late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, till otherwise provided for -Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, till otherwise provided for -pension to Mr Peter Stewart, late Chief Justice -

Allowance on account ot I ces for the Receipt and Audit ——

Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent ......

£. s. d.

500-----‘

500-----

100-----

150 — —

100-----

100-----

70-----

100-----

90-----

60-----

(200 -

IOO-----

130-----

IOO-----

2,300 -

= = a m "T

E S TI M AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America; from the

ift of January to the 31 It of December 1804.

Salary of the Governor - -

Governor’s Secretary -

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer -

Allowance to the Sheriff, at 105. per day -

Allowance to Five Missionaries at Newfoundland, at £. 50 per annum each - -

Allowance on account of Arrears, to the Reverend L. A. Anfpacb, for the years 1802 and 1803, at £. 50 per annum - -.- ——

Allowance on account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent -

£. s. d.

500-----

182 10 —

200 -

100-----

182 10 — 250-----

IOO-----

100 — ;— 100-----

1,715

E STIM AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America; from the

lit of January to the 31st of December 1804.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Salary of the Attorney General -

Salary of the Solicitor General -

Two Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, each £. 750 per annum -Clerk of the Crown and Pleas -

Two Sheritfs, at £. 100 each -Secretary and lL gifter ——

Clerk of the Council -

Receiver General of the Revenues -

Five Executive Councillors, each £, 100 -

Surveyor General of Lands -

Naval G dicer ——

Salary of the Bishop’s Commillary ——

Temporary Allowance to 1 uir Clergymen - - - . - - - - "

Allowance to the Widow in the late Colonel Campbell, Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward of his firm ;,nd judicious Conduct and able Services at the Myainis, and in Consideration of her ft lightened Circumstances, per annum -

Additional Allowance to Mrs. Campbell ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit ...... -

A 'wnt - - - - " * -

2,000 --

1,100 --

300 --

too --

1,500 — 100 — 200 — 300 — 100 — 200 — 500 —

3°° — 100 — 150 — 400 —

150-----

100-----

250-----

200 —- —

8,050 -

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

701

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ill of January to the 31ft of

December 1804.

Salary of the Governor ......

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -' - -

Arrears of D°, from the 9th June 1801 to the 31ft December 1803, at £. 250. per annum -Deputy Judge Advocate

Commillary ......

Provost Marshal -Secretary to the Governor

For Stationary -

Clergyman

Ditto at Paramatta and Hawkelbury - ’

Surgeon ——

One Mate

Two Mates, at /. 136. 175. 6d. per annum each - - * ——

A (Til taut -

Surveyor of Lands ----- ......

Boat-Builder ......

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores, at ^. 91. 5. o. each per annum ......

Two additional Clerks to the Commillary, atjf.6o. per annum each -

Two AiTistant Storekeepers, at £, 50. per annum each ——

One SuperintentJant of Convids

Two - - D° - - D°, at £. 75. per annum each -

Six - - , D° - - D°, at £. 50. per annum each ——

NORFOLK ISLAND:

Lieutenant Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate - - - - ,

Clergy man ——

Surgeon -

Deputy Commifiary of Stores ——

Additional Salary to Mr. Clarke, Deputy Commifiary of Stores, in consideration of his long Services, and of the great increufe of the Duties of his situation ——

One Storekeeper - - - * - - . -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Three Superintendants of Convids, at £. 50. per annum each -

One Mailer Carpenter - - 1 - - -

One Beaeh-Matier and Pilot ——

Provost Mai dial -

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in consideration of his meritorious Services -Allowance to Governor Hunter, in consideration of his long Sendees -

Allowance to Mr. Ad, late Surveyor General, in consideration of his long Services and of his infirmities ——

Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon ——

PORT PHILLIP:

Lieutenant Governor -

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Clergyman ——

Surgeon ——

lft A Hi ft ant -

2d A (lilt ant ...... -

Deputy Commifiary ——

Deputy Surveyor ——

Mineralogilt ——

Two Superintendants of Convids, at £. 50. per annum each

Allowance, upon Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

Appendix, (No. 40.) I 8° Apr His,

continued.

£■ 8. d.

1,000 — —

250 — —

641 1 11

365 — —

365 — —

91 5 —

91 5 —

20 — —

350 — —

182 10 —

365 — —

182 10 —

273 15 —

91 5 —

182 10 —

91 5 —

182 10 —

120 — —.

100 — —

100 — —

150 — —

300

250

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

9i 5 —

50 — —

9i 5 —

150 — —

40 —- —

50 — —

70 — —

500 — —

3°° — —

91 5 —

9i 5

450

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

136 »7 6

9i 5 —

91 5 —

9i 5 —

91 5 —

100

300

150 —

10,049 4 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the JBahama Islands in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame, from the lit of January to

the 3 id of December 1804.

£. s.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

Salary of the Chief Justice -

Two Afiiltant Judges, at /.200. per annum each

Secretary llegifier and Clerk of the Council -

Attorney General - -

800 —

5°° — 400 150 — 150 —

d.

Provost Marfiiall -

Naval Officer

Surveyor General of Lands

Mimher - - " r "

Minister at Harbour island and Eleuthra -

Three M.fiionaues at the other Islands, at £, 70. each - " t "

Allowance to Mrs. Wcgg, for the support of herself and Seven Children nowin distress, in consideration of the long So arings and Services of her Husband E. R. \\egg, Esquire, late Attorney General Allowance for the maintenance of a Vessel for the fervke of Government - . -

Allowance for Contingencies -Agent - -

150-----

150-----

150-----

70-----

70-----

210-----

150-----

700-----

300-----

150----->

4,100 — —

Vo L. 59.

8 Q

702

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

18* Aprilis,

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of ALIENS, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the 43d yfcar of His Majesty’s Reign; for the year 1804.

Superintendant of Aliens, Clerks, and Affiffants, &c.

Agents at the different Ports, with their extra Bills

Office-Keeper, Necellary Woman, and 3 Mess’engers -

House Rent, Taxes, Coals, and Candles -

Stationary and Printing ——

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills Secret Agents ——

Contingencies -

Total Amohnt to be provided for the year 1864 -

£. s.

2,389 5 —

1,216 4 3

1 c 00

353

- 400

- L985 5 11

1,300

486 19 10

£■ 8,589 5 —

Whitehall, I 1804. y

lith April

y. King.

N. B. This Efiimate is the same as for the year 1803, except the increase in the id Article of Expenditure, amounting to £.969. 5. \vhich is owing to the increase of Business in the Office, particularly that of Kegntering and Lircnling, which made it proper to add to the number of Clerks on the Establishment, to increase the Salaries of some, and likewise to employ extra Clerks.

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the C O I N of this Kingdom, in the

year 1803.

One Thousand Six Hundred and Nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Fourpence.

\Yhitehall, Treasury Chambers,

18th April 1804. j N. Vanfitiart.

AN E S 11 M A T E of the Expences that may probably be incurred for the Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &<v relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, for the present year.

, One Thousand Seven Hundred Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th April 1804.

i\r. Vansittart.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the MI LIT A R Y R O A D S in North Britain

for the year 1804.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, idth April 1804.

Five Thousand Pounds.

N. Vansittart.

An E S T I M A T E of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of Printing Journals of the Honourable House of Commons; for printing and delivering the Votes; and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House; during the present Session of Parliament.

Sixteen Thousand Six Hundred and I'wenty-three Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 18th April 1804.

N. Vansittart!

44 Geo. IIL Appendix. 703

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that may be incurred for Printing One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Cdpies of the 57 th Volume

of the Journals of the House of Commons.

Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 ± t

18 th April 1804. j N.VanJittart*

Appendix, (No. 40.)

18° Apr

continued.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that may be incurred for Reprinting, in the proportion of■ Eight Volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports, of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of this House in the last Session of Parliament.

Whitehall, Treasury "Chambers, 7 18th April 1804. y

Ten Thousand Pounds.

N. Vanjittart.

AN ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in the year 1803, under the Directions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for

publishing the Records of the Kingdom.

One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 18th April 1804. y

N, Vanjiltart.

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of The BOARD of AGRICULTURE; for Two Years,

from March 1802 to March 1804.

CHARGE:

To Cadi received, per the King’s Warrant, in consequence of Votes of the House of Commons, for 1802 and 1803 - -

DISCHARGE:

By Printing D° -

Maps, Engravings, Ac. D° -

- 1802 -

- 1803 -

- 1802 -

- 1803 -

- £. 26 18

- 845 12

32 13

- 197 8

Salaries to the Officers, 4 Quarters, at the rate of—

To the Secretary - - £. 400 per ann.

Under Secretary Chief Clerk -Second D° -

200 D® 190 D° So D®

D®, 3 Quarters to a Third D°, at

D°, 4 Quarters to 2 Secretaries and 2 Clerks, 1803

£.50 D® - -

Stationary D° -

Books and Binding D® -

Repairs and Furniture D° -

Fees D® -

Surveys

D® -

Experimental Ground D® -

1802 -

1803 -

1802 -

1803 -

1802 -

1803 -

1802 -

1803 -

1802 -

1803 -

1802 -

1803 -

Prize Efiays, in consequence of the Requisition from the 7 House of Lords - y

Medals, distributed as honorary Rewards - -

Seeds, Implements, and Models -

D° - ......

Rent, Taxes, House, and Office Incidents

D® ......

LeClures on the Application of Chymistry to Agriculture,

Miscellaneous Articles -

X)*

1802

1803

1802

1803

1802

1803

1803

1802

1803

£. >. d. 872 11 1

23° 1 9

870-----

37 10 —

907 10 — 870

1 10 7]

+ 4 8j

5

64

132 — 8 '

8 17 9.

6 2 8 8

85

28

84 16 84 16 - J

400 -

150

230 —

102 2

41 8 —'

48 16 6

486 4 —

4f>3 19 7 J

I64

133

4

8 4J

U777 10 —

115 15 3 140 18 5

113 H 10

169 12 —

55o-----

332 2 8

206 n —

29 16 9

90 4 6

9°° 3 173 5 297 12

£■ '■ d.

6,000-----

Appendix, (No. 41.)

200 Ap

r. 6,000 -

C. Willoughby,

Vice Pres*,

704

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 42.)

24* April is.

5^AtIr5"?8o4’ } An 'ACCOUNT of the Number and Nature of Ills Majesty’s S IIIP S and VESSELS in Commission, and of IIIR E D

On the 31ft December 1793

• - 31ft December 1794

- - 31ft December 1795

- - 31ft December 1796

- - 31ft December 1797

- - 31ft December 1798

- - 31ft December 1799

- - 31ft December 1800

- - 30th September 1801

- - 31ft December 1802

• - 31ft December 1803

- - 15th March - 1804

Ships of the Line. 4th Rates. Frigates. Sloops. Bombs. Fire Ships. CO U) v’t3 c 6 Gun Boats. 9 ea " cc fi z. lli-S ll t/T *■3 J= 5 c ll >* a -X ~ O iH a «/) cu " 1 i £ Z tg Z -- -a 3 = to ~Zr _ci 1 '5 c w | *£'©'0 if CS .5 *3 0 jut 111 to "O £ g § O S3 to j5 33 C3 §| !<5 v .— C if — 3 S 5 c O

in O w & vi c, c2 P* ■Ji Z cz CO Stationary, but in readiness to get under weigh when required. < H Stationary, but in readiness to get under weigh when required. < O H 1 «< _ i [ < H O H

0 Guns. p tn a 3 O 98. f VJ a 3 G 80. 5* Guns. cfj C 3 O 64. 1 m C 3 O 64. Guns: 50. , 1 5th. 6th.

5 JO 1 49 18 - 83 7 - 7 69 30 99 42 2 5 m

5 13 1 52 18 - " 89 9 - - 9 84 29 113 48 1 3 13 H -

6 15 53 23 - - 102 18 - - 18 99 34 133 69 2 3 h H - -

6 H 5 55 28 108 H - - H 106 39 H5 85 2 3 H 46 -

4 >4 4 55 28 - " 105 15 - - 15 107 3° 137 87 9 2 55 47 ——

4 13 5 56 23 - - 102 13 - - 13 103 3* 135 99 H 8 56 54 -

4 13 4 56 22 - 99 12 - - 12 111 25 136 103 14 8 56 48 -

4 13 5 51 20 93 12 - - 12 111 29 141 103 12 4 56 36 -

4 15 6 62 25 " - 112 u - - 11 114 33 »47 112 13 8 75 3° -

- 1 1 28 4 - - 34 9 - - 9 64 11 75 59 - - 32 ——

5 8 3 49 11 4 80 10 - - 10 82 17 99 86 15 2 37 6 373 562 114

5 9 2 51 15 4 86 10 2 12 81 >9 100 88 18 2 36 6 373 624 114

Admiralty-Office, 7 14th April 1804. 3

5* Aprilis• Admiralty-Office, 5th April 1804.

As ACCOUNT of the Number of SEA M EN and MARINES in His Majesty’s Service, so far as the fame can be made up trom the Returns in the Navy Office, and from the Returns received at the Admiralty from the Commanding Officers of the Divisions oi 11 urines, and the Olhcers employed in railing Men, on the 31ft December 1793, 15th March 1794, and 15th of March 1804.

PERIODS. Seamen, as per Report received this day from the Navy Office. Marines, actually in Pay, as per Returns from the several Divisions

f Borne for W ages. 1 Mustered for Victuals. transmitted weekly to the Admiralty Office.

31ft December 1793 N# C9.749- N° 69,416. N° 7,060. 1

15th March 1794 - - - , 73,835- 73,3o6- 7,908.

By the Muster Books received in the Navy Office, up to the 30th November 1803 - 77,45 77,668 ,

Raised at the several Rendezvous in England and Ireland, between iff December 1803 and 15th March 1804, as by Returns made to the Admiralty - - . - - -. - 6,763 6,763 * 15,663. I

Total on 15th March 1804 84,168 84,431 1

Toi^iTL0' th!i HUmb7 b°r ?XCeAedinS the Mustered in *793 and 1794, arises from those who were on Ihore on duty at Toulon, and in I lofnitals; mid tl e reason why the Account now exceeds that made up to the 31st of December 1803 is, that Muster Books have luce been received to a later period, which enabled the Navy Board to make it more correct.

The Accounts of the Number of Troops mustered on board Ships of War in each period, and of the Number of Shipwrights and Art!«rrS e,nL'">r T "S- M,aj.e' vs ?of| Yards °" of March 1801, 1803, and 1804 respectively, distinguishing Shipwrights from

Artificers, are not yet received from the Navy Board. r

44 Geo. III. Appendix* 705

A R M L D SHIPS and VESSELS, and of all other Ships, Vessels, and Boats, armed for the Public Service; at the under-mentioned Periods.

Guard Ships. Moating Batteries. Fire Vessels. Troop Ships. Store Ships. Cutters and Schooners. Receiving Ships. hospital and Convalescent Ships. Prison Ships. Slop Ships. Armed Tenders. Yachts. Hired. Armed Ships hired by the Luit India Cum-panys for the Service of Government. "3 00 rs . a Zj 35 •ji a* 55 0 .2 < "C H r© 1/ r- Q a, < > O

> Rates. Total. > Rates. Total. Armed Vessels. (A Ctm O -a 8 K < Armed Ships. cn 0 su u c3 PQ c 3 O Gun Vessels for the Service of Ireland. Armed Cutters.

r 3d. 4th. 5th. 1 6th. ( lft. 2d. ) * 1 " 5th. ) 6th.

- 1 - 5 19 - 1 2 - 2 5 8 1 2 1 3 20 8 . ’ . 26 337

- 3 , 12 - - " - - 5 18 - 1 2 - 1 4 10 4 2 1 3 6 2 - - - 49 - 4°9

- 3 9 - - - - 6 17 " 1 2 1 1 5 11 5 2 - 2 4 2 - - - 65 - 486

- 2 6 - - " - - 7 19 - 1 2 1 1 5 13 11 2 - 2 4 2 - - - 72 - 56*

- 2 2 - 7 18 | , - 3 - 3 6 H 18 2 - 2 4 2 6 - 72 - 612

- 2 1 7 3 7 - 17 8 >7 - 4 " 3 7 H 27 2 - 2 4 2 5 - - 94 - 682

• 2 - 7 4 11 2 24 7 21 - - 3 3 7 17 25 2 1 4 1 5 - - 102 - 694

- 2 - 7 5 26 8 46 7 19 3 - 3 6 11 15 3 - 2 4 1 5 - - 98 - 675

- 5 1 7 3 24 9 43 6 19 - 2 - 4 6 8 24 7 1 3 4 1 5 19 - 9i - 75«

- - - 2 i 9 5 17 7 9 - - - 1 - l - - 1 4 248

13 11 - 1 2 5 3 11 10 16 1 - 4 2 2 9 5 10 2 4 4 - - - - 16 47 19 >.561

13 11 1 1 2 6 3 12 10 19 1 5 4 2 12 5 9 3 3 4 23 49 19 1,652

Wm Marjden.

Appendix,

(No. 42.)

24° Apr tits.

Navy-Office, 1 An ACCOUNT, shewing the Number of SHIPWRIGHTS and ARTIFICERS employed in His , 23d April 1804. Majesty’s Dock Yards on the id of March 1801, 1803, and 1804 respectively; dillinguiflung Shipwrights from Artificers.

Names of Artificers. The First of March,

( 1801. 1803. 1 8 04.

'"Shipwrights 3,664 2,929 3>336

Caulkers 446 34<5 390

Cabin-keepers - - 9 - 26 26 27

Joiners 310 181 278

House Carpenters ... - - - 601 281 386

Wheelwrights - - 15 13 13

Plumbers li 12 12

Bricklayers - 167 87 94

Sailmakers - 264 189 218

Riggers - 482 300 374

Blockmakers - 26 15 21

Founders 1 1 2

T! at Braziers 4 4 5

>• Locksmiths ... - - - 11 9 10

5 O Coopers 1 3 3

O Q Sawyers 622 383 473

Treenail Mooters 1 - - - 1 1 1

Oarmakers - 2 , 3 5

Carvers 4 4 4

Masons 40 35 . 37

Pavior 1 1 1

Armourers - 2 — —

Smiths 627 437 562

Compass-makers - 2 —

Painters 47 63

Treenail and Wedge makers - 1 1

Engine Repairer - 1 1

JTinman l

Foremen . 11 10 11

(O 'H Spinners 690 292 488

ca Ilatchellors - - - - 95 4i 84

O Overseers - .—

CL O Line Spinners and Hemp Dressers - - - - 55 3° 48

Layers 12 9 12

8,193 . 5,691 6,967

Vol. 59.

A. S. Hamond. J. Hen O. Markham.

8 R

706

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 43.)

2 50 Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the OFFICIAL, and likewise of the REAL or CURRENT VALUE, at which each Article of the IMPORTS and EXPORTS of IRELAND, during Seven Years to the 5th day of January 1803, has been estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union; and to the House of Commons of Great Britaix and Ireland fmce; distinguishing each, ye&t, and each Article.

SPECIES of GOODS IMPORTED.

Apparel -Apples -

(Barilla Ashes - -< Pearl -

(Pot -

Arms - - -■

Bacon - * -

( f oreign

Bark -Beer and Ale -Berries, Juniper -

Blankets -

>*• -{SL ::

Bricks -

Brimstone -

Cables - -

Candlewick -

Capers -

Cards—Wool -

Carpets -

Carpetting -

Cheese -

China, India -

Chocolate -

Cider -

Coaches and Coachmakers 7 Work Coals -Coffee -Cork -

Copper, Wrought -Copper, Unwrought

Cordage

C Barley and Malt j Beans and Peas

Corn - 1 Oats -(Wheat -

5 [|{British {c

I UUndia~«j

a

o

<J

White Coloured -

White £ Coloured -

Cottons, plain and coloured

White Coloured -White -Coloured -

Cutlery -

( New -Drapery -< Old -

( Ornamented

Drugs -

Alum -Annetto Aqua Fortis -Argal -

Braziletto Cochineal Copperas Fustick -^ Galls -3 ( Gum Seneca and Arabic *' Indigo -

Iron Liquor -

CO

c

Logwood Madder -Orchal -Redwood Sanders -Saftlore -Shumach Smalts -

Rate of the Official Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, during 7 Years to the 5th January 1803, was estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union, and to the House of Common* of Great Britain and Ireland Cnee.

£■ s. d. £. s. d.

on value. on value.

O 3 o per bushel. o 4 10 per bushel.

1 5 o per cwt. 2 2 o per cwt.

1 5 o per cwt. 2 2 o per cwt.

1 5 o per cwt. 2 2 o per cwt.

— on value. on valu6.

1 l per flitch. 1 12 4 per flitch.

2 2 o per cwt. 2 6 2 per cwt.

O' 7 o per barrel. o 18 5i \ per barrel.

1 o 0 per barrel. 14 H 0 per tun.

2 o o per cwt. l 5 o per* cwt.

0 IO 0 each. o 6 11 each.

— on value. - — on value.

io o o per cwt. 8 0 o per cwt.

1 10 o per thousand. l 18 6 per thousand.

o 16 8 per cwt. l 2 o per cwt.

1 12 o per cwt. 6 o o per cwt.

3 5 o per cwt. 5 10 gf- per cwt.

1 12 O 2

5 o

O 15 10 o 3 10

1 5

o 11

o 7 7

3

3

4

5

o 3 o 3 o 4 o 5

o' 2 o 14

o pci puuuu.

o per dozen of 6 per yard, o per yard.

6 per cwt.

on value.

6 per pound, o per tun.

on value, o per ton. o per cwt. o per cwt. on value.

5 o o per cwt.

o per cwt.

o per barrel, o pqr barrel. 6 per barrel, o per barrel.

o per yard.

4 per yard.

o per yard, o per yard.

on value.

O per yard.

4 per yard, o per yard, o per yard.

on value.

6 per yard, o per yard, on value.

— on value.

o 13 o 18

0 1

1 2

0 14

1 o o 6 o 14 3 o

4 10 o 13 o 1

4 per

o per o per o per o per o per 8 per o per per per per per o per o per o per per per per per per

cwt.

cwt.

pound.

cwt.

cwt.

pound.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

pound.

pound.

gallon.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

cwt.

pound.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, on an Average of Three Years preceding the 25th March 1799, was estimated in the Account returned to the House of Commons of Ireland.

o 14 o 4

o 4 3

o 2 16 o

x pvt pv/uuu*

4 per dozen pr 2 per yard.

2 per yard.

6 per cwt.

on value. g£ per pound, o per tun.

— on value. 018 5J per ton.

5 15 o per cwt. 0180 per cwt.

— on value. British 500 Foreign 400

British 2 15 4 1 per cwt Foreign 1 17 6 j percvu 328 per quarter. 350 per quarter. 176 per quarter. 280 per quarter.

• perewt,

3 per yard. 7 j per yard.

None imported. - -

— on value.

o 3 8£ per yard,

o 6 5$ per yard,

o 3 8£ per yard.

04 0 per yard.

— on value, o f 4| per yard. 093 per yard.

— on value.

— on value.

l 6

33 i* o o

3 0

0 13

1 5

0 8

1 2 6 10 o o o 4 o 1

O 12

3 10

* 7

0 17

1 1 6 10 1 6 o 1

per cwt. per cwt. per pound, per cwt. per cwt. per pound. 3J per cwt. o per cwt. o per cwt.

9$ per pound, per pound, per gallon, per cwt. per cwt, per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per pound.

Rate of lilt* Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, for the Year ended the 25th March 1800, was estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland. Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the.Imports of Ireland, for the Year ended the 25th March 1801, was estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland.

£■ s. d. £ s. d.

— on value. on value.

O 5 o per bushel. o 5 o per bushel.

2 5 o per cw t. 2 5 o per cwt.

2 5 G per cwt. 2 5 o perewt.

2 5 o per cwt. 2 5 o perewt.

on value. on value.

1 15 0 per flitch. 1 15 o per flitch.

2 io o per cwt. 2 io o per cwt.

1 o o per barrel 1 o o per barrel.

1 IO o per barrel. 1 io o per barrel.

1 IO o per cwt. 1 IO o per cwt.

o 7 6 each. O 7 6 each.

on value. on value.

10 o 0 per cwt. IO o o per cwt.

2 IO 0 per thousand. 2 io o per thousand.

2 IO o per cwt. 2 io o perewt.

6 0 o per cwt. 6 o o per cwt.

o 1 8 per pound. o 1 8 per pound.

1 0 o per dozen pr 1 o o per dozen pr

o 4 6 per yard. o 4 6 per yard.

o 4 6 per yard. 0 4 6 per yard.

3 o o per cwt. 3 o o per cwt.

on value. on value.

o 3 o per pound. o 3 o per pound.

12 io o per tun. 12 io o per tun.

on value. on value.

1 2 o per ton. 1 2 o per ton.

6 O o per cwt. 6 O o per cwt.

l 8 o per cwt. l 8 o per cwt.

on value. on value.

6 10 o per cwt. 6 io o perewt.

2 10 o per cwt. 2 10 o per cwt.

1 o 0 per barrel. 1 o o per barrel.

1 IO o per barrel. 1 IO o per barrel.

O 15 o per barrel. O 15 o per barrel.

I 15 o per barrel. 1 15 o per barrel.

0 l 4 per yard. o l 4 per yard.

o 5 o per yard. o 5 o per yard.

None imported. - - None imported. - -

on value. on value.

O 4 0 per yard. o 4 o per yard.

O 7 o per yard. 0 7 o per yard.

O 4 o per yard. o 4 o per yard.

0 7 o per yard. o 7 o per yard.

on value. on value.

o i 6 per yard. o i 6 per yard.

o io o per yard. o 10 o per yard.

on value. on value.

on value. on value.

1 io o per cwt. l io o per cwt.

21 o o per cwt. 21 o o perewt.

o 1 0 per pound. O 1 o per pound.

2 io o per cwt. 2 10 o per cwt.

0 18 o per cwt. O 18 o per cwt.

1 15 o per pound. 1 15 o per pound.

o 9 o per cwt. o 9 o per cwt.

2 10 o per cwt. 2 10 o per cwt.

9 o o per cwt. 9 0 o per cwt.

o 3 3 per pound. o 3 3 per pound.

o 8 o per pound. 0 8 o per pound.

o l 3 per gallon. o l 3 per gallon.

2 o o per cwt. 2 o o per cwt.

4 o o per cwt. 4 o o per cwt.

3 o o per cwt. 3 o o per cwt.

3 o o per cwt. 3 o o perewt.

2 o o per cwt. 2 0 o perewt.

8 o o per cwt. 8 o o per cwt.

o 15 o per cwt. o 15 o perewt.

0 o IO per pound. 0 0 io per pound.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, fur the Year ended the 5tti January 1805, was eliimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland.

£■ S. d.

on value.

O 7 6 per buflitl-

1 15 o per cwt.

2 5 o per cwt.

2 o o per cwt.

on value.

1 18 o per flitch.

3 io o per cwt.

l l © per barrel.

l io o per barrel.

l 4 o per cwt.

o io o each.

on value.

IO o © per cwt.

1 5 o per cwt.

6 o o perewt.

o i 4 per pound.

f o o per dozeir p

o 4 io per yard.

o 4 o per yard.

4 o o per cwt.

on value.

o 2 2 per pound.

l4 O o per tun.

on value.

i 5 o per ton.

6 o o perewt.

l 8 o perewt.

- on value.

9 0 o per cwt.

2 12 o perewt.

o 15 o per barrel.

1 5 o per barrel.

O ) l o per barrel.

1 13 o per barrel.

o 5 o per yard.

N one imported.

on value.

o * 2 6 per yard.

o 7 o per yard.

on value.

o i 4 per yard.

o '7 o per yard.

on value.

on value.

1 io o per cwt.

21 o o perewt.

O 1 o per pound.

3 o o per cwt.

o 18 o perewt.

1 5 o per pound

o 15 o per cwt.

1 2 o perewt.

10 O o -per cwt.

o 2 6 per pound,

0 8 6 per pound

0 1 3 per jk.1L n

0 18 o per cwt.

4 10 o per cwt.

3 o o per cwi.

i 2 o perewt.

3 O o perewt.

12 o o perewt.

1 5 0 per cwt.

O 1 o per pound

4*4 Geo. III.

Appendix.

707

The Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value of Imports and Exports of Ireland—continued.

SPECIES of GOODS IMPORTED.

/Valonia ~ l Verdigrifc -

< Weeds or Straw Weld P jn \ Woad * Other I'arthen Ware Elephants Teeth -

f Anchovies

oa { ;:

__ Herrings ' Ling -Salmon * Sturgeon

fclax Seed -x.i ( Drest IlaX { U nil rest - -

Furs -... C Bottles -02 j Cafes

5 ) Plates -

w (Ware

Gloves of Leather Grinding Stones -

Almonds, (helled -A nn. feeds Carraway Seeds . Cinnamon Cloves -Cocoa Nuts -Currants Figs. -Ginger -Hulled Barley

( Ball

2

*c

\ Root -

e

o

Small Parcels Jewellery instruments Ore

Unwrought -Iron and Hardware

Liquorice

Mace -Mullard Nutmegs Pepper -Piamento Prunes -ltaifins -Rice -

Candy -Loaf

Muscovado White jSmall Parcels

Gunpowder

"•-{uSfib,

C Gold and Silver 1? 1 Sifters -£ J Unrated Brown H ( Whited Brown Small Parcels f Camels *3 \ Goats -K £ Horse -Hats - -

Hertip, undreft Hemp Seed -ii-j (Tanned -H,des*{ Untanned Hops -Horses

rCotton -• Silk

3> Silk and Cotton C ( Silk and Worsted Thread -Woollen i Worsted -

C Silk -I Not Silk

( Mathematical -| Musical -

Rate of the Official Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, during 7 Years to the 5lh January 1803. was estimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the i nion, and to ihe House of Commons il Great Britain and Ireland Cnee.

£■ *■ o 15 O 2

O 7 o 15

O 10

0 16

1 o

4 ° 1 o

4 10

1 *2 O 0 12

3 o

‘2 O

1 15

© 1 l io

o 16

O IO

o 15

10

2

o

2

o 16 o o

O IO O I O I

0 IO

1 5 1 5

o o

5 o

O

o

6

6

o

10

6

H

8

d.

o per cwt.

6 per lb. o per cwt. o per cwt. on value, ou value, o each.

o per barrel, o per barrel, o per hundred, o per barrel, o per hundred, o per ton. o per keg.

per hhd. per cwt. per cwt. on value, per doz. each, on value, on value.

6 per pair.

8 per chaldron,

o per cwt.

8 per cwt. per cwt. per pound, per pound; per pound, per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt.

8 per pound.

6 per cwt. per pound, per pound, per pound, per pound, per pound, per pound, per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. on value.

3 5 o 5 o 3 2 o o 15 o 2 0 2

O 15 ° 15

2 IO

2 O

6

o

o

3

O 15

O 15 o l6

o per cwt.

2 per pound, o per pound, o per pound, o per pound, o per pound. 8 per pound, on value, per pound, per pound, per cwt. ca^b. per cwt. per hhd. each.

8 each, o per cwt. o each, per pair, per pair, per pail*, per pair, per pair, per pair, per pair, oh value, on value, on value, on value, on value, per ton.

per cwt.

on value.

Rale of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, on an Average of Threa Years preceding the 55th March 1799, was eftitnated in the Account returned io the House of Commons of Ireland.

£■ s. d. . 130 per cwt. 026 per lb.

115 3 per cwt.

1 11 o per cwt.

— on value.

— on value.

11 1 6A each.

115 o per bar.

1 it> 11 per bar. 430 per hundred.

1 1 8 per bar.

*>9 3 per hundred.

None imported.

1 3 1 per keg.

412 4 per hhd,

416 9 per cwt.

200 per cwt.

— on value. 026 per doz.

1 12 4 each.

— on value.

— on value.

126 per doz. pair. 12 0 per chaldron.

2 14

1 3

5 10

2 6 1 io

0 o

1 10 o 1 o o

2 O 2 1 o 17

6 9 4 10

3

4 3

per cwt. per cwt. rer cwt. per lb. per lb. per lb. per cw t. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per pound. 10 per pound, o per pound, o per lb.

6£ per lb. o per cwt.

7 per cwt. o per cwt.

3 per cwt. o per cwt. o per cwt. o per cw-t. on value.

o

o

2 8

3 o o o

0

1 o 2 O

0 1 10 per lb.

5 10 o per 12 lbs. None imported.

1 16 11 per ll>.

075 per lb. 024 per lb. o 2 9^ per lb.

— on value. 074 per lb. 066 per lb.

814 6 per cwt.

093 each.

115 o per cwt. 200 per hhd. 262 each.

0.11 i each.

nil o per cw t.

21 15 o cadi. 034 per pair. 093 per pair, o 5 6£ per pair,

o 3 8£ per pair,

o 3 3 per pair,

o 3 8£ per pair,

o 3 3 per pair.

— on value.

— on value.

— on value.

— on vtdue.

— on value. None imported.

Pig/. 7. 19. 6. per ton Bar /. 20. o. o. per ton

— on value.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, for the Year ended 55th March 1800, was efUmated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland. Rate of the Real or Current Value, at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, for the Year ended the 25th March 1801, was eliiruuted in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland.

£ . S. d. £ . s. d.

1 IO 0 per cwt. 1 10 0 per cwt.

O 4 0 per lb. 0 4 0 per pound.

1 15 0 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt.

1 10 0 per cwt. 1 10 0 per cwt.

— on value. — on value.

— on value. — on value.

12 0 0 each. 12 0 0 each.

1 0 0 per bar. 1 0 0 per bar.

2 0 0 per barrel. 2 0 0 per bar.

4 10 0 per hundred. 4 10 0 per hundred.

1 4 0 per bar. 1 4 0 per bar.

7 0 0 per hundred. 7 0 0 per hundred.

15 0 0 per ton. 15 0 0 per ton.

1 5 0 per keg. 1 5 0 per keg.

5 0 0 per hhd. 5 0 0 per hhd.

3 10 0 per cwt. 3 10 0 per cwt.

2 15 0 per cwt. 2 15 0 per cwt.

— on value. — on value.

0 1 6 per doz. 0 1 6 per doz.

1 15 0 each. 1 15 0 each.

— on value. on value.

— on value. —* on value.

0 2 0 per pair. 0 2 0 per pair.

2 5 0 per chaldron. 2 5 0 per chaldron.

7 0 0 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt.

3 0 0 per cwt. 3 0 0 per cwt.

2 10 0 per cwt. 2 10 0 per cwt

0 J 0 per lb. 0 7 0 per pound.

0 8 0 per pound. 0 8 0 per pound.

0 1 1 per pound. 0 1 1 per pound,

2 0 0 per cwt. 2 O 0 per cwt.

1 10 0 per cwt. 1 10 0 per cwt.

3 10 0 per cwt. 3 10 0 per cwt.

1 5 0 j)er cwt. 1 5 0 per cwt.

0 1 2 per pound. 0 1 2 per pound.

2 10 0 per cwt. 2 10 0 per cwt.

1 1.5 0 per pound. 1 15 0 per pound.

0 0 11 per pound. 0 0 11 per pound.

1 0 0 per lb. 1 0 0 per pound.

0 1 6 per pound. 0 1 6 per pouud.

0 0 9 per pound. 0 0 9 per lb.

1 0 0 par cwt. 1 0 0 per cwt.

2 5 0 per cwt. 2 5 0 per cwt.

0 15 0 per cwt. 0 15 0 per cwt.

7 0 0 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt.

6 0 0 per cwt. 6 0 0 per cwt.

3 10 0 per cwt. 3 10 0 per cwt.

1 4> 10 0 per cwt. 4 10 0 per cwt.

| — on value. — on value.

I 7 10 0 per cwt. 7 10 0 per cwt

0 6 0 per lb. 0 6* 0 per lb.

None imported. None imported.

2 0 0 per pound. 2 0 0 per lb.

0 8 0 per pound. 0 8 0 per lb.

0 2 6 per pound. 0 2 6 per lb.

0 3 0 per pound. 0 3 0 per lb.

— on value. — on value.

0 8 0 per lb. 0 i 0 per lb.

0 4 0 per lb. 0 4 0 per lb.

4 18 0 per cwt. 4 18 0 per cwt

0 10 0 each. 0 10 0 each.

2 0 0 per cwt. 2 0 0 per cwt.

2 10 0 per hhd. 2 10 0 yer hhd.

2 10 0 each. 2 10 0 each.

0 12 0 each. 0 -12 0 each.

8 0 0 per cwt. 8 0 0 per cwt.

J5 0 0 each* 15 0 0 each.

0 2 9 per pair. 0 2 9 per pair.

0 10 0 per pair. 0 10 0 per pair.

0 6 0 per pair. 0 6 0 per pair.

0 4 0 per pair. 0 4 0 per pair.

0 3 6 per pair. 0 3 6 per pair.

0 4 0 per pair. 0 4 0 per pair.

0 3 6 per pair. 0 3 6 per pair.

— on value. — on value.

— ou value. — on value.

— on value. — on value.

— on value. — on value.

— on value. — on value.

None imported. None imported.

}> L c i 0 per cwt. 1 0 0 per cwt

— on value. — on value.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland# for the Year ended the 5»h January 1803, was eiiimaied m ibe Returns made to the House of Coimnpns oS Great Britain and Ireland.

£■ *. d.

120 per cwt. 020 per lb.

3 0.0 per cwt.

1 10 o per cwt.

— on value.

— on value.

12 o o each.

1 2 9 per bar.

2 5 o per bar. 500 per hundreds

2 5 6 per bar.

7 o o per hundred.

| None imported*

576 per hhd. 400 per cwt.

3 15 per cwt.

— on value.

o

2

14

3 3 o o o 3

1

o

o

o

o

7

2

2

3 o

7

18

on value, on value, o per pair, o per chaldioB.

o per cwt. o per cwt. o per cwt.

6 per lb. o per lb.

11 per lb. o per cwt* o per cwt. o per cwt. o per cwt.

2 per pound, o per cwt. per pound, per lb. per pound, per lb.

11 per lb. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt, per cwt. per cwt. n v per cwt. None Imported.

— on value.

o o per cwt.

10 1 per lb.

None imported.

2

5

0

15 4 7

6

1

16

2 10

3 15 18

1

10

0

1

2

1 o

2 O

15

10

o

11

o

3

6

6

9

o

o

o

o

o

13

6

11

8

5

o

5

16

10

15

o

o

o per pound. 6 per lb. o per lb.

on value, o per lb. o per lb. o per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per hhd. o each, o each, o per cwt. e each.

— on value.

— on value.

— on valuer

— on value

— on value. None imported.

2 9 per cwt.

— on value.

Appendix, (No. 43.) 25* A prills, continued.

Appendix, (No. 43.) 2 j* ApriliSi K continued.

TOS

Appendix.

A. 1804.

The Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value of Imports and Exports of Ireland—continued.

SPECIES of GOODS IMPORTED.

Ivory, Wrought -C Gold and Silver cj j Silk -

% j Silk, Rone 7* (Thread Bone -Lampblack -Latte 11 -

r Black -Ore -

Pig

Red -Sheet -Shot -White -Lemons and Oranges ~British Cam brick Canvas Coloured

Floor and Oil Cloth

Foreign

Kernings

Lawns -

Marble ...

Mats -

B


" ( Flo 2 { Oa E ( \X Y

Flour -it

►heat -Millinery Ware

Mill Stones -

Mineral Waters Mtlalfes Nuts -Oakum

T Linfced

.. 1 Seville -C Sweet -° I Train -I Turpentine '• Vitriol -Painting Stulls Blue Brown -Cap Card Elephant Imperial Painted Printing P: effing Royal -^ Writing Paste Boards Perfumery -Pewter, Wrought Pictures Pitch -Plates of Tin Plate, Wrought Plated Ware Printing Types Quilts

Ribband of Silk Rosin -Sadlers Ware .. C Foreign *72 < Rock -^ ( White -Saltpetre (Clover -j Garden 8 ) Trefoil * Other Grass -Manufacture -Organzine

Raw - -

CO

Thrown-

India -Not India ILed -Lndved

Rate of the Official Value at Rate of the Real or Rate of the Real or

hich each Article of the Current Value Current Value

Imports of Ireland during at which each Article of at which each Article of

7 Years to the 5th January the Imports of Ireland, the imports of Ireland,

1803, was eftiniated in the on an Average of Three for the Year ended the

"Retains mr.de to the House Years preceding the 25th March 1800,

of Commons of Ireland, 25th March 1799, was estimated in the

before the Union, was eftiniated in the Ret unis made to the

and to the House of Commons Account returned 10 the House of Commons of

ol Great Britain and In land House of Commons Great Britain and

since. of Ireland. Ireland.

£ S. d. £. S. d. £ S. </.

- O 12 0 per pound. 1 4 1 v per pound. 1 7 0 per pound.

- 4 O 0 per pound. 2 1 6J per pound. 2 5 0 per pound.

- 3 O 0 per pound. 9 4 73 per pound. lO 0 0 per pound.

10 0 0 per pound. 46 3 l per pound. 50 0 0 per pound.

- 1 O 0 per yard. 0 3 8 i per yard. O 4 0 per yard.

- 0 1 2 per pound. 3 2 6 per cwt. O 0 9 per lb.

- 6 O 0 per cwt. 9 15 0 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt.

- 2 5 6 per cwt. 1 7 83 per cwt. 1 10 0 per cwt.

- 4 0 0 per ton. 4 12 4 per ton. 5 0 0 per ton.

- 0 10 6 per cwt. 1 0 2 per cwt. 1 2 0 per cwt.

- 1 5 0 per cwt. 0 16 0 per cwt. 1 0 0 per cwt.

- 0 13 4 per cwt. 1 1 3 per cwt. 1 3 0 per cwt.

- 0 15 0 per cwt. 1 2 2 per cwt. 1 4 0 per cwt.

- 1 6 8 per cwt. 1 7 6 per cwt. 0 18 0 per cwt.

- 0 3 4 per hundred. 0 5 2 per hundred. 0 6 0 per hundred.

- 0 3 0 per yard. 0 2 63 per yard. 0 2 9 per yard.

- 0 6 8 per yard. 0 4 73 per yard. 0 5 0 per yard.

" 0 1 2 per yard. 0 1 3 per yard. 0 1 4 per yard.

- 0 4 0 per yard. 0 1 10 per yard. 0 2 0 per yard.

0 0 5 6 0 per yard. 7 0 per yard. 3 None imported. - 7 0 0 3 10 3 per yard. 0 per yard.

0 2 0 per yard. 0 3 8|- per yard. 0 4 0 per yard.

- 0 3 0 per yard. 0 3 0 per yard. 0 4 0 per yard.

- 0 0 0 per yard. 0 1 43 per yard. 0 1 G per yard.

- 0 3 0 per yard. 0 3 83 per yard. 0 4 0 per yard.

- — on value. on value. — on value.

- 0 1 4 each. | Britishi Foreign 0 0 53 each. 1007 each. }• ► 0 6 each.

- 1 0 0 per cwt. 7 - - - ci 1 0 0 per cwt.

- 0 10 0 per barrel. > 1 K one imported. - 1; 0 10 0 per barrel.

- 0 13 4 per cwt. j " - - - (i 0 13 4 per cwt.

- — on value. 1 on value. on value.

- 1 5 0 each. | Foreign British 1 7 10 0 each. 412 4 each. }s , 0 0 each.

- — on value. on value. — on value.

- 1 to 0 per cwt. I 1 13 0 per cwt. 2 0 0 per cwt.

- 0 10 6 per barrel. I 16 11 per barrel. 2 0 0 per barrel.

" 0 12 6 per cwt. 0 13 2 per cwt. O 13 0 per cwt.

- 0 2 6 per gallon. | 0 0 4 2 10 per gal. Brith 3 per gal. Forn }« > 3 0 per gallon.

- 0 3 4 per gallon. 0 4 11 per gallon. O 7 0 per gallon.

" 0 5 0 per gallon. 0 5 6 per gallon. O 8 0 per gallon.

" 0 0 6 per gallon. 0 2 3 per gallon. 0 2 4 per gallon.

- 0 0 6 per pound. 0 0 6 per pound. O 0 7 per pound.

- 0 0 4 per pound. 0 0 53 per pound. O 0 6 per pound.

" — on value. on value. — on value.

- 0 4 0 per ream. 0 9 3 per ream. O 10 0 per ream.

- 0 3 0 per bundle. 2 1 6| per bundle. 2 5 0 per bundle.

" 0 5 0 per ream. O 9 3 per ream. O 10 0 per ream.

" 0 5 0 per ream. O 9 3 per retun. O 10 0 per ream.

- 8 0 0 per ream. 7 7 83 per ream. 8 0 0 per ream.

- 6 0 0 per ream. 5 10 q3 per ream. 6 0 0 per ream.

- 0 6 8 per ream. 0 11 l per Team. 0 12 0 per ream.

" 0 2 6 per ream. 0 16 7J per ream. 0 18 0 per ream.

- 0 8 0 per 100 leaves 0 0 4 per leaf. 0 0 4 per leaf.

" 3 10 0 per ream. 4 4 0 per ream. 4 11 0 per ream.

" 0 6 8 per ream. 0 9 3 per ream. 0 10 0 per itam.

- 0 8 0 per 100 leaves 0 0 1$ each. 0 0 13 each.

- — on value. on value. — on value.

- 4 5 0 per cwt. 5 H 0 per cwt. 8 0 0 per cwt.

- — on value. on value. on value.

- 0 10 0 per barrel. 4 16 0 per lad. 1 2 0 per barrel.

- 2 2 0 per barrel. 4 3 1 per barrel. 4 10 0 per barrel.

• 0 6 8 per ounce. 0 10 7 per ounce. 0 7 0 per ounce.

" — on value. on value. on value.

- 4 5 0 per cwt. 7 15 1 per cwt. 8 8 0 per cwt.

- 2 0 0 each. 0 9 3 each. 0 10 0 each.

- 2 5 0 per pound. 3 0 0 per pound. 3 5 0 per pound.

" 0 10 0 per cwt. 0 8 6 per cwt. 0 10 0 per cwt.

- — on value. on value. — on value. '

- 0 1 6 per buihel. 0 0 8 per bushel. 0 1 l per Lufhel.

- 0 10 6 per ton. 0 0 8 per bushef. 1 10 0 per ton.

- 0 1 4 per bushel. 0 0 8 per buihel. 0 1 1 per bushel.

• 0 10 0 per cwt. 2 *4 0 per cwt. 5 0 0 per cwt.

- 0 18 0 per cwt. 2 10 0 per cwt. 3 10 0 per cwt.

• 0 2 4 per pound. 5 17 4 per cwt. 0 1 0 per lb.

- 0 j 8 0 per cwt. 1 12 4 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt.

- 0 18 0 per cwt. 1 3 1 per cwt. 1 5 0 per cwt.

- 3 0 0 per pound. 2 J5 5 per lb. 3 0 0 per lb.

- 0 16 8 per pound. 1 8 73 per pound. 1 11 0 perlb.

- 1 0 0 per pound. 1 1 2 per lb. 1 5 0 perlb.

- 1 0 6 per pound. 0 13 6 per lh. 1 4 0 perlb.

" 1 *5 0 perlb. | 1 7 $3 per lb. t 10 0 per lb.

1 5 0 perlb. I 1 0 0 per lb. 1 4 0 perl&.

Rate of ihc Ileal or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, for the Year ended the 2 >th March 1U01,

Wits emulated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland.

£■ s. d.

1 7 0 per pound.

2 5 0 per pound.

lO 0 0 per p Hind.

50 0 0 per pound.

O 4 0 per yard.

O 0 9 perlb.

7 0 0 per cwt.

1 10 0 per cwt.

5 0 0 per ton.

1 2 0 per cwt.

1 O 0 per cwt.

1 3 0 per cwt.

1 4 0 per cwt.

0 18 0 per cwt.

0 6 0 per hundred.

0 2 9 per yard.

0 5 0 per yard.

0 1 4 per yard.

0 2 0 per yard.

0 3 3 per yard.

0 10 0 per yard.

0 4 0 per yard.

0 4 0 per yard.

0 1 6 per yard.

0 4 0 per yard.

on value. -

0 0 6 each.

1 0 0 per cwt.

0 io 0 per barrel.

0 13 4 per cwt.

— on value.

5 0 0 each.

— on value.

2 V 0 0 per cwt.

2 0 0 per barrel.

0 13 0 per cwt.

0 3 0 per gallon.

0 7 0 per gallon.

0 8 0 per gallon.

0 2 4 per gallon.

0 0 7 per pound.

0 0 6 perlb.

— on value.

0 10 0 per ream.

2 5 0 per bundle.

9 10 0 per ream.

O 10 0 per ream.

8 0 0 per ream.

6 0 0 per ream.

0 12 0 per ream.

0 18 0 per ream.

0 0 4 per leaf.

4 11 0 per ream.

0 10 0 per ream.

0 0 13 each.

— on value.

8 0 0 per cwt.

— on value.

1 2 0 per barrel.

4 10 0 per barrel.

0 7 0 per ounce.

— on value.

8 8 0 per cwt.

0 10 0 each.

3 5 0 perlb.

0 10 0 per cwt.

— on value.

0 l l per buihel.

1 10 0 per ton.

0 1 1 per buihel.

5 0 0 per cwt.

3 10 0 per cwt.

0 1 0 perlb.

1 15 0 per cwt.

1 5 0 per cwt.

3 0 0 perlb.

1 11 0 pel lb.

t 5 0 per lb.

1 4 0 per lb.

1 10 0 perlb.

t 4 0 per lh.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ircfaud, for the Year ended the 5th January 1803, was estimated in the Returns made to the Ilonfe of Commons of Great Britain und Ireland.

£ S. d.

1 7 0 per pound.

4

4

O 0 9 perlb.

IO 0 0 per cwt.

1 15 0 pei cwt.

20 0 0 per ton.

1 IO 0 per cwt.

I i3 0 perrwu

1 18 0 per cwt.

1 15 6 per cwt.

2 18 0 per cwt.

O 9 0 per hundred

O 3 0 per yard.

O 5 0 per yard.

O 1 0 per yard.

O 2 0 per yard.

O 3 3 per yard.

0 10 0 per yard.

O 4 0 per yard.

O 1 6 per yard.

O 4 0 per yard.

— on value.

O 0 6 each.

O 18 0 per cwt*,

None imported.

— on value.

5 0 0 each.

— on value.

1 4 0 per cwt.

1 8 0 per barrel.

0 ] 8 0 per cwt.

0 5 5 per gallon.

0 7 0 per gallon.

0 12 o per gallon.

0 2 8 per gallon.

0 0 9 per lb.

0 . 0 4 perlb.

— on value.

0 10 0 per ream.

2 5 0 per bundle.

None imported.

0 10 0 per n am.

6 0 0 per ream.

0 12 0 per ream.

1 0 0 per ream.

0 0 4 per leal.

4 11 0 per ream.

0 12 6 per ream.

0 O 1.J each.

— on value.

— on value.

2 O 0 per barrel.


0 9 0 per ounce.

— on value.

8 0 0 per cwt.

0 10 0 each.


1 0 0 per cwt.

— on value.

0 1 6 per busheL

0 10 6 per ton.

0 1 4 per buihel.

3 5 0 per cwt.

<5 0 0 per cwt.

0 1 0 per lb.

3 12 0 per cwt.

3 10 0 per cwt.

1 16 0 perlb.

1 16 0 perlb.

1 12 0 perlb.

1 10 0 perlb.

44 Geo. TIL

Appendix.

709

The Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value of Imports and Exports of Ireland--continued.

SPECIES of GOODS IMPORTED.

Silk and Cotton Mixed Manu- 7 failure - - - - )

Silk and Worsted Mixed Ma- 1 nufadure - - - j

Drest

Undreft

fCalf

Goat -] Kid, Droll -

Portugal -

I Seal -^ Sheep -

Slates -

Snuff -Soap -

f Brandy -

!£ < Geneva -

Jj* Rum -

Starch -Stationary -

Steel ——

Tallow -

Tar ......

Tiles -

Tin ......

Tobacco -

Tow -

Toys -

Turpentine -

Vinegar -

Upbolitery Ware -

Watches & Watch Movements

,r C Bees -

Yax{ Candles -

Whalebone -AVhiling -

Rate of the Official Value a!

which each Article of i Imports of Ireland, during 7 Years to the 5th January 1803, was cltimated in the Returns made to the House of Commons of Ireland before the Union, and to the House of Common* of Croat Britain and Ireland fnice.

£■ •-

oh value, on value.

o 6 8 each.

050 each. 026 each. 800 per hundred. 006 each, o (3 8 each.

016 each.

2 -2 o per hundred.

010 o per 1,000.

04a per lb. 150 per cwt.

026 per gallon. 026 per gallon. 020 per gallon.

o 16

5

10

o 12

2

6

10

10

o

5

"French Madeira Port -I Rhenifli ^Spanish

< Iron £ Steel

C G reat Balk ) Middle I Small Canes or Reeds Clap Boards -Deals -Hoops -Lath wood Mahogany Mails -Oars Plank -Spars -Staves -

Timber

1 o 7 J5

o 1

S 10 13 o

8 per cwt.

on value o per cwt. o per cwt. o per barrel, o per lb. o per lb. o per 1,000. o per cwt.

6 per pound, o per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per tun. on value, on value, o pk r pound, o per cwt. o per cwt.

6 per cwt.

26

1-20 I -

o o per tun. o o per tun.

4 •4

;o o

c \ o

'Beaver --r 3 Cotton -I Sheep -b Spain lh

f Cotton -g j Linen -S* j Mohair * ^Worsted

o o per tun. o o per tun. o per tun.

600 per cwt. 250 per cwt. 750 per cwt.

per hundred, per hundred, per lira.dred. per tho1 land, per hundred, per hundred, per thousand. per fathom, per ton.

o

o

o

o

5

5

o

o

o

5

5

* Ra»e of the? Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Imports of Ireland, on an Average of Three Years preceding the V5th March 171)9, was estimated in the Account returned to the House of Commons of Ireland.

£■ s. d

— on value.

— on value.

o

o

20

o

o

o

o

pi each, o each, o each, o per hundred, o nJ each.

8 4 each.

4 o each.

19 6 per dozen.

2 11

6

o

093 per 1,000.

010 per lb. 350 per cwt.

060 per gallon, o 3 o per gallon, o 5 1 per gallon.

2 16

2 2 11

O

O

O

6

0

1

o

27

6

H

3

o

100

Go

4°

120

53

16

10

8

3

3

o

16

o

5

15

10

o

o

o

3

8

2

O

each R

2 15

0180 400 400 4 10 o

ir hundred, on value, per hundred, per hundred.

per ton.

per lb. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt.

15

o

13

3

o

o

o

o

o

per cwt. on value, per cwt. per cwt. per lad. per lb. per lb. each, per cwt.

8 per pound. 6 per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per tun. on value, on value, o per cwt. o per cwt.

10 per cwt.

3 per cwt.

o per tun. o per tun. o per tun. o per tun. o per tun.

16 15 o per cwt. 3 9 3 Pfcr cwt.

947 per cwt.

1.

016 per pound 020 per pound. 030 per lb. o 3 o per lb.

20

15

10

0 8 4

4

5 25

3

8

42

2

1 5

1

10

19

o o per hundred o o per hundred,

10 o per hundred, o lj each.

o o per hundred 12 4 per hundred,

11 8 per Ruulnnd, 6 o per fathom, o o per ton.

o o each.

6 2 per hundred

— on value, o o per hundred 17 8 per hundred

10 o per ton I r. o o per ton Oak

17 o per lb.

5 4 per rwt.

None impoi ted.

12 o per cwt.

Rate of the Real or Current 'aim* at winch each Article of the Imnorts of Ireland, for i'ic Year ended tlm *J5ih March 1800, w as elliinated in the Return* made to the House of Commons of Great Britain anti Ireland,

Rate of fY* Beal or Cum u V ,iue a* which each Article of the luij)o. 1 •. of Ireland, lor 1 lie YYu: end d the S?5th March 1801, was estimated in ihe Returns made to tl.e Ilonie of Commons of Great Britain and Irelai d.

• o 3 Sb per lb. '1024 per lb. j oil o per lb. 004* per lb.

£ s. d.

— on value.

— on value.

030 cadi, o 13 o each. 080 each.

20 o o per hundred, 014 each. 090 each. 036 each.

1110 o per hundred

o 10 o perthoufand.

040 per lb. 400 per cwt.

5 6 per gallon.

5 6 per gallon.

4 G per gallon.

1 10

3 o

2 16 1 2 o 3 o 4 o o 5 10

0 o

1 15

O 12

24 O

o per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per cwt. o per barrel. 6 per lb. o per lb.

5 each, o per cwt.

9 per lb. o per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per tun. on value, on value.

R ite of lie Real'or Cutre.u V.duc at which caili Vrficle of tin* Imports ot Ireland, for the YY.tr ended the olhJanutry 18< 3, wu.< climi.tt d in the Retur .« made to the Home i.« Commons of Giem Britain and Ireland.

£ s. d. £■ d.

— on value. — on value.

— on value. — on value.

O 3 0 each. O 3 0 each.

O 13 0 each. 1 0 0 each.

O 8 0 each. O 8 0 each.

20 0 0 per hundred. 25 0 0 per hundred.

O l 4 each. O 1 0 each.

O 9 0 each. O 9 0 each.

O 3 6 each. O 3 6 each.

1 1 10 0 per hundred. 1 1 10 0 per hundred.

O 10 0 per thousand. 1 0 0 per thousand.

Rag Slales 1/. tQ.y. p. ton.

O 4 0 per lb. 0 4 0 per lb.

4 0 0 per cwt. 4 10 0 per cwt.

0 5 6 per gallon. 0 7 6 per gallon.

0 5 6 per gallon. 0 7 6 per gallon.

0 4 6 per gallon. 0 5 6 per gallon.

0 2 0 per lb. 0

H O 0 per cwt. 14

4 O 0 per cwt. 4

0 3 6 per cwt. 0

100 0 0 per tun. ;oo

.70 0 0 per tun. 70

55 0 0 per tun. 55

120 0 0 per tun. 120

5« 0 0 per tun. 50

8 0 0 per cwt. 8

3 15 0 per cwt. 3

10 0 0 per cwt. 10

65 0 0 per hundred. 65

Go 0 0 per hundred. 60

37 0 0 per hundico. 37

0 0 li each. 0

18 0 0 per hundred. 18

5 0 0 per hundred. 5

0 5 0 per thousand. 2

6 0 0 per fathom. 6

3 0 0 per ton. 36

7 0 0 each. 7

9 0 0 per hundred. 9

— on value.

3 0 0 per hundred. 3

3 * 2 0 per bundled. 3

I3 10 0 per ton. 3

2 0 0 per lb. 2

11 10 0 per cwt. 11

c 12 0 per cwt. 5

17 0 0 per cwt. 17

0 4 0 per lb. 0

0 2 6 per lb. 0

0 5 0 per lb. 0

0 5 0 per lb. 0

1 IO

3 o

2 16

1 2

° 3 o 4 o o 5 10

0 o

1 15

O* 12

24 O

2

O

O

3

o

o

o

o per cwt.

on value, o per cwt. o per cwt. o per barrel. 6 per lb. o per lb.

o

o

o

o

o

o

5

o

o

o

o

o per hundred. 70 o per hundred. 60

1 12 O

3 0 0 3 10 o 1 10 o

• _____

♦ _____

per cwt. on value, per cwt. per cwt. per barrel.

0 per cwt. 6 5 0 per cwt.

9 per lb. 0 0 6 per lb.

0 pC! cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt.

on value. — on 1 /alite.

0 per cwt. 0 H 0 per cwt.

0 per tun. 24 0 0 per tun.

on value. — on > /alue.

on value. — on ? value.

0 per lb. 0 2 4 per lb.

0 per cwt. H 0 0 per cwt.

0 per cwt. 4 0 0 per cwt.

6 per cwt. 0 3 6 per cwt.

0 per tun. 105 0 0 per tun.

0 per tun. 160 0 0 per tun.

0 per tun. 70 0 0 per tun.

0 per tun. 130 0 0 per tun.

0 per tun. 50 0 0 per tun.

0 per cwt. —

0 per cwt. *

0 per cwt. •

u per iiiitiuieu. uu

0 per hundred. 37

1 £ each. 6

* * ’ 18

7 2 6

36

o per hundred o per hundred, o pei thousand. o per fathom, o per ton. o each. o per hundred.

on value, o per hundred. 6 per hundred.

3 10 o per ton,

o

2

4 o per lb.

2 6 per lb.

5 o per lb. 5 o per lb.

o

o

10

5

o

o

5

o

o

o

o

10

2

Append’ (No. 43 45* A

coh t i nued-

o per hundred, o per hundred, o per hundred, o per thousand. o per hundred, o per hundred, o perthoufand. o per fathom, o per ton. o each.

o per hundred.

on value, o per hundred. 6 per hundred.

4 10 o per ton.

300 per lb. 900 per cwt. 700 per cwt. 18 o o per cwt.

040 per lb. 020 per !b. 070 per lb. o 3 6 pei lb.

Note.—The Account of the Real Value for 1803, of the Articles thus marked’, * was ascertained from the Produce of a Per-Centage Duty, which each ArticJ*

was respectively subject to on its Importation into Ireland.

Vol. 59.

8 S

710

Appendix*

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 4|.) 25* ApriltSy continued.

The Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value of Imports and Exports of Ireland—continued.

SPECIES of GOODS EXTORTED.

Books

Ale ......

Apparel -Aqua Vitae -

"•"» - - -{"Ch.::

Barrels, Empty -

Beef----- \®arre,rs - '

( Carcales -

Beer ......

Bullocks and Cows

j Bound

* ( Unhound

Brass and Copper Manufactures

Bread -

t Butter -

Candles -

Cheese -

Cider -

Coaches, and all Coachmakers Work -

Copper | I'lTtes and Bricks Cordage -

Barley -Beans -Malt -Meflin -Oats -Peas -live -Wheat -

Drapery --{

Feathers -

Hake - -Herrings Ling -Salmon

Cod

Flannel Flax -

C Dress " I Undreft -Frize -Futlian -f Bottles -1 Cafes --3 ) Drinking -^ (Ware -Gloves -Graves -Gunpowder -

. C Irish Refined Sugar

Groceries j0therGroccnc°

l|(Thr«d -{o;1"1-;

S: ( Small Parcels Hair, Cows -

Hardware ——

Hats -

H°r;s ......

Hogslard -Honey -

Horns -

Hides -

Ox and Cows Tips -Tanned Untanned -

Horses -Ironmongers C Wrought -Ware - Small Parcels -Kelp -Le id Ore -

Linen, Co*ton, and Silk Mixed Manufacture -

( Camhrick -Linen m - \ Cloth, Plain U Coloured r Flour -73 ) Groats -£}Oats -^ Wheat -Molasses -Mufiin -

Ox

f Bones * ‘(Guts -

Rate of the Ofiicial Value at which each Article of die Export* ol Ireland, during 7 \cars to the 5th January 1803, was ctcmmted 111 li e Returns made to the House of Commons ot Ireland before the Union, and to the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland fiuce.

£. s. 1 o

0 3

1 10

o 15

0 5

1 15

5 o o 10

6 o

2 10

4 4

0 12 2 2 2 o

1 12 6 o

13

o

1 10

O 12 O 12 O 12

d.

o per bamel.

on value, o per gallon, o per cwt. o each, o each, o per barrel, o. each, o per barrel, o each.

on value, o per cw t. o per cwt. o per cwt.

6 per cwt. o per cwt.

6 per cwt. o per tun.

on value.

4 per ton. o per cwt. o per cwt.

o per barrel. 6 per barrel. 6 per gallon.

076 per barrel, o 12 o per barrel. 100 per barrel. 170 per barrel. 026 per yard.

0 7 6 per yard.

250 per cwt. o 18 o per cwt.

None Exported. 010 o per cwt. 100 per barrel. 100 per cwt.

12 o o per ton.

Rate of the Heal or Current \ clue at winch ca *h Article of the Exports of Ireland, on an Average ol Three V ears preceding the 25 li March 1799, was cftiiualed in the Returns ma 'e to the House of Commons of Ireland.

£■ *. 1 2

0 5 2 1

1 12

3 9

4 12 o 11

5 2

0 4 10 7 o 18 3 4 3 17 2 6' o 1

d.

1 per barrel, on value.

1 per gallon. 6j per cwt.

3 each.

6^ each.

2 per barrel.

3 each.

1 per barrel.

0 each.

on value.

7 per cwt.

1 per cwt.

5§ per cwt.

7j per cwt.

6| per cwt.

1 per cwt.

11 per gallon.

— on value.

9 4 7 per ton.

600 per cwt. 261 per cwt.

o 13 10 per barrel, o 16 7 per barrel.

o 10 lj per barrel. 131 per barrel.

1

o

o

6

4

3

o

6

12

84

2

6 5

o o 3

~4 7i 19 o

9 *3

18 si

per bai rel. per yard, per yard, per cwt. per hundred, per barrel, per hundred, per barrel, per hundred per ton.

Rate of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Exports ol Behind, for the \ ear end< »l the 25th March 1800, w;i> estimated in the Returns made to the Hon e of Commons of Great Britam and Ireland.

Rale of the Real or Current Value at which each Article of the Expects of Ireland, for the Voar ended the 25th March i 801, was ekimated tu the Returns made to tire House of Cur.itncus of Great Britain and Ireland.

R ue of the Real of Current Value at which each Article of the Exoarts of Ireland, lor the Year ended the 5ui January 1803. was ei’i;aated in I ho Returns made to the House of Commons of Great Ehturo and 1. eland.

/. S. d.

1 4 O

per barrel, on value, per gallon, per cwt. per flitch, etch.

pc;* barrel, each.

per barrel, each, on vulue. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt, per cwt. per cwt. per gallon.

— on value.

10 o o per ton.

6 10 o per cwt. 210 o per cwt.

015 o per barrel. 018 o per barrel.

j- None Exported, j

011 o per barrel. 150 per barrel.

0 5 * 5

1 15 o 6

3 *5

5 o

o 12

6 o

0 o 11 o

1 o

3 10

4 4

2 10 o 1

1 10 o 1

0 7 6 10 4 10

3

1 1

o per barrel.

4 per yard, o per yard, o per cwt. o per hundred.

o per hundred, o per band, o per hundred, o per ton.

1 *5 0 pel* cwt. 1 3 4 per cwt. 1 3 10 0 per cwt. rt .> 10 0 per cwt. 3 ,10 0 per cwt.

1 0 0 per cwt. 1 * 10 9 per cwt. 1 > >5 0 per cwt. 2 15 0 per cwt. 2 15 0 per cwt-

0 1 6 per yard. i 0 i 41 per yaid. 1 O 1 6 per yard. O 1 6 per yaid. O 1 6 peryard.

0 1 0 per yard. 0 1 1 per yard. 0 1 3 pci* ya; d. O 1 3 per yard. Non e Exported.

0 1 6 per dozen. 0 1 4$ per dozen. O 1 6 per dozen. O 1 ti per dozen. 0 1 10 per do2€D.

1 5 0 each. 1 12 3 5 each. 1 15 0 each. 1 15 0 each. Non c Exported.

0 16 8 per hundred. 0 0 ll each. O 0 ij each. O 0 1} each. 0 0 li each.

— on value. — on value. — on value. — on value. — on value.

0 1 6 per pair. 0 1 10 per pair. None Exported. None Exported. 0 2 0 per pair.

0 3 4 per cwt. 0 4 1 / 4 per cwt. 0 5 0 par cwt. O 5 0 per cwt. 0 ■f / (3 per cwt.

3 5 0 per cwt. 6 18 5i per cwt. 7 10 0 per cwt. 7 10 0 per cwt. 10 10 0 per cwt.

5 0 0 per cwt. 6 9 2 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt. 7 0 0 per cwt.

— on value. — on value. — on value. — on value. — on value.

0 5 6 per pound. 0 0 3 per lb. 0 2 6 per lb. 0 2 6 per pound. 0 2 6 per lb.

0 15 0 per pound. None Exported. None Exported. —

— on value. — on value. — on value. —> on value. — on value.

1 6 0 per cwt. 2 9 10 per cwt. * H 0 per cwt. 2 H 0 pel cwt. o 0 0 0 per cwt.

— on value. — on value. I — on value. — on value. — on value.

0 5 0 each. 0 9 2? each. o IO 0 curb. 0 10 0 each. 0 10 0 each.

1 0 0 each. 0 18 54 ear 11. I 1 10 0 each. 1 10 0 each. 3 0 0 each.

1 10 0 per cwt. 2 11 8.1 per cwt. 2 16 0 per cwt. 0 16 0 per cwt. 2 10 0 per cwt.

0 3 0 per gallon. 0 9 2 per gallon. 0 10 0 per gallon. 0 10 0 per gallon. 0 6 8 per gallon.

0 16 8 per hundred. 1 id 1 1 per hundred. 2 0 0 per hundred. 2 0 0 per hundred. 5 0 0 per hundred.

0 6 8 per hundred. o 9 2 per hundred. O 10 0 per hundred,! 0 10 0 pei hundred. 1 5 0 per hundred.

2 0 0 each- 5 2 1 pel* cwt. n 0 0 each. ‘2 0 0 each. 2 5 0 each.

1 6 8 each. ' 1 3 ol each. 1 5 0 curb. 1 5 0 each. 1 10 0 each.

6 0 0 each. 9 4 _ 1 / I each. iO 0 0 each. IO 0 0 each. 18 0 0 each.

2 0 0 per cwt. 1 12 3 per cwt. |, 1 15 0 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt.

— on value. — on value. [ — on value. —- on value. — on value.

1 10 0 per ton. 3 >3 10 per ton. 1 4 0 0 per tun. 4 0 0 per ton. 5 0 0 per ton.

*2 6 8 per ton. - - 1 ( - - - - -3 10 0 per ton.

— on value. — on value. ! — on Volue. — on value. — on value.

0 5 0 per yard. 0 5 -1 / j per yard. j 0 5 0 per yard. 0 5 0 per yaid. 0 7 0 per yard.

0 1 4 per van I. 0 1 5i per yard. | 0 1 7 pci* yard. 0 1 7 per yard. 0 2 0 per yard.

0 1 6 per yard. 1 0 0 11 per vurd. 0 1 0 per yard. 0 l 0 per yard. 0 1 3 per yard.

0 18 8 per cwt. 1 0 H Pi pel* cwt. 0 id 0 per cwt. 0 id 0 per cwt. 0 is 0 per cwt.

0 10 0 per cwt. I 0 12 0 per cwt. 0 >3 0 per cwt. 0 13 0 per cwt. 0 l3 0 per cwt.

0 t> 0 per cwt. 0 11 0 per cwt. 0 1-2 0 per cwt. 0 12 0 per cwt. 0 11 0 per cwt.

0 13 4 per cwt. None Exported. > S one Exported. S’one Ex poi ted. 0 15 0 per cwt.

0 15 0 per cwt. 1 1 16 11 pel* cwt. 2 0, 0 per cwt. 2 0 0 per cwt. 1 10 0 per cwt.

0 3 4 per yard. i ° 3 23 per yard. 0 3 6 per yard. 0 3 6 per yard. 0 3 d per yard.

0 6 8 per thous >nd. I 0 6 8 per thiMiiand.i 0 6 8 per thousnr.d 0 6 8 per theuf nd 0 10 0 per thousand

0 id 8 per han't 1.; 0 id 8 per barrel. | i 0 16 8 per barrel. 0 16 8 per bairvl. 0 15 0 per barrel.

£■ *• </• 14 0

0 5

2 5

1 15

o 6

3 15

5 o o 12

6 o

per barrel, on value, per gallon, per cwt. per flitch. ed«~h.

per barrel, each.

per barrel, each, on value, per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per cwt. per gallon.

on value. 10 o o per ton.

6 10 o per cwt.

2 10 o per cwt.

10

11

l

3 10

4 4 2 10 o 1

O 15

o 18

o per barrel, o per barrel.

011 o per barrel.

110 o per barrel. 014 per yard. 070 per yard.

6 10 o per cwt.

4 10 o per hundred,

3 10 o per hundred,

1 l o per barrel.

700 per hundred. 14 o o per ton.

o 3 15 2 o o 6

s. d.

6 o per barreL — on value.

2 2 per gallon,

o per cwt. o each, o each.

411 o per barrel. None Exported. 160 per barreL 11 14 o each.

— on value. 10 o o per cwt.

None Exported. 120 per cwt.

4 l<1 o per cwt. 418 o per cwt. 250 per cwt.

1 *2 12 o per tun.

— on value.

10 o o per ton.

None Expoited. 300 per cwt.

o 14 o per barrel, o 18 o per barrel, o id o per barreL

0100 per barrel.

0 17 o per barrel. 017 o per barreL 1130 per barreL 014 per yard. 070 per yard.

10 o o per cwt.

1 lo o per cwt.

3 10 o per cwt. 200 per barrel. 1 id o per cwt 10 o o per ton.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

711

Tht Account of the Official, and likewise of the Real or Current Value of Imposts and Exports of Ireland—continued.

Rate of the Official Value at Rate of the Real or Rate of the Real or Rate of the Real or Rate of the Real or

~ winch cadi Article of the Current Value Current Value Current Value Current Value

1 '.xnorts of Ireland, during at which each Article of at w! licit each Article of at winch each Article of at which each Article of

7 Years to tic* 5th January the; Exports of Ireland, the Expurts of Ireland, the Exports of Ireland, the E xports of Ireland,

1803, was HtimnUd in the on an Average of Three for the Year ended the lor the Year ended the fur th 0 \ ear elided the

SPECIES of GOODS Returns intuit* to the House Years preceding the 25th March tSOO, Sf.nh March 1801, 5th January 180.3,

ol Commons ol Ireland y.*>tli March 1799, was elinnated in the was estimated in the was eliniKUed tn the

F.VPOllT K n. be tore the U nion, was elinnated in the Returns made to the Returns made to the Returns made to the

and to tii e House of Commons Account resumed to the House ot Commons of Hun ie ot Commons of House of Commons of

of Great Britain and Ireland House ot Commons- Great Britain and Great Britain and Great Britain and

fiuce. ot Ireland. Ireland. jiciai.d. Ireland.

£■ S. d. I £ s. d. £■ S. d. L S. d. C , s. d.

C Rape - -5 O 0 per ton. O 2 3 per gallon. O 2 6 per gallon. 0 2 6 per gallon. O 3 0 per gallon.

Oil - - Train £ Turpentine - 12 0 O 10 0 per ton. 7 0 per cwt. 3 - None Exported. - - - 32 5 0 0 0 per ton. 0 per cwt.

( Brown - - 0 3 0 per bundle. ' 0 3 0 per bundle. 2 5 0 per bundle. 2 5 0 per bundle. 2 to 0 per bundle.

Paper -< Printing * - 0 15 0 per ream. O 9 2 per ream. O 10 0 per ream. 0 10 0 per ream. O 15 0 per ream.

£ Writing - 0 d 8 per ream. O 9 2 per ream. O 10 0 per ream. 0 10 0 per ream. O 8 0 per ream.

Pork - - 1 10 0 per barrel. 3 4 7 J per barrel. 3 15 0 per barrel. 3 15 0 per barrel. 5 0 0 per barrel.

Rabbits Fur - - 0 5 0 per pound. None Exported. - - - - 0 id 0 per pound.

Rapel’eed - 1 12 6 per quarter. 1 16 11 per quarter. 2 0 0 per quarter. 2 0 0 per quarter. 2 5 0 per quarter.

Sadlers Ware - — on value. —p on value. — on value. — on value. — on value.

Salt - - 0 l 3 per bulliel. 0 1 0 per bushei. 0 1 1 per bushei. 0 1 1 per bulliel. O 1 l per bulliel.

Sheep - - 1 0 0 each. 0 18 s i each. 1 0 0 each. 1 0 0 each. 2 0 0 each.

Shoes and Boots - . - 0 5 q per pound. 0 5 6 i per pound. 0 6 0 pei pound. 0 6 0 per pound. O 7 0 per pound.

Snuff - - 0 2 6 per pound. 0 3 8 per pound. 0 4 0 per pound. 0 4 0 per pound. O 3 - 6 per pound.

Soap - - t 15 0 per cwt. 2 l# 6 per cwt. 2 18 0 per cwt. 2 18 0 per cwt. 2 id 0 per cwt.

C Calf - - l 3 4 per dozen. 1 13 2J per dozen. 1 16 0 per dozen. 1 16 0 per dozen. 1 16 0 per dozen.

.. 1 Deor - - 0 3 4 each. 0 7 4 each. 0 8 0 each. 0 8 0 each. O 7 0 each.

c j Goat - - 6 0 0 per hundred. 18 9 2 per hundred. 20 0 0 per hundred. •20 0 0 per hundred. 2 5 0 0 per hundred.

-£ 1 Kid -40 I Lamb - - 3 2 6 per hundred. 6 0 0 per hundred. 6 10 0 per hundred. (3 10 0 per hundred. 3 10 0 per hundred-

- 2 5 0 per hundred. 2 15 4j per hundred. 3 0 0 per hundred. 3 0 0 per hunuied. 6 0 0 per hundred.

I Sheep - - 7 5 0 per hundred. 3 4 74 Per hundred. 3 10 0 per hundred. 3 10 0 per hundred. 8 0 0 per hundred.

Starch . 1 6 8 per cwt. 1 12 34 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt. 1 15 0 per cwt. l 15 0 per cwt.

Stationary Ware - - — on value. — on value. — on value. on value. — on value.

C Cotton . 0 2 8 per pair. 0 2 31 per pair. 0 2 6 per pair. 0 2 6 per pair. 0 2 6 per pair.

Stockings - < Woollen - 0 2 0 per pair. 0 2 3| per pair. 0 2 6 per pair. 0 2 6 per pair. 0 2 6 per pair.

£ Worlled - 0 3 4 per pair. 0 1 10 per pair. 0 2 0 per pair. 0 '2 0 per pair. 0 2 0 per pair.

Tallow . 2 0 0 per cwt. 2 13 6 \ per cwt. 2 18 ’0 per cwt. 2 18 0 per cwt. 3 16 0 per cwt.

Tongues - 0 12 6 per dozen. 0 5 £ per dozen. 1 O 0 per dozen. O 0 per dozen. 3 5 0 per dozen.

U pholftery—Blankets - 0 6 8 per pair. 0 14 gl per pair. 0 l6 0 per pair. 0 l6 0 per pur. 0 17 6 per pair.

WrooI - - 0 10 6 per stone. 0 13 10 per stone. 0 15 0 per stone. 0 15 0 per stone. 1 0 0 per stone.

rCotton - - 0 1 0 per pound. 0 3 8| per pound. 0 4 0 per pound. 0 4 0 per pound. 8 None Exported.

g J Linen - - 6 0 0 per cwt. 7 16 11 per cwt. 8 10 0 per cwt. 8 to 0 per cwt. 10 0 per cwt.

*5* "I Woollen - 0 12 0 per stone. 1 7 84 per stone. 1 10 0 per stone. l 10 0 per stone. 1 10 0 per stone.

L Worsted - 1 10 0 per stone. 1 16 11 4 per stone. 2 0 0 per stone. 2 0 0 per stone. 2 10 0 per stone.

All other Articles not enume- 7 rated - - - - j — on value. — on value. — on value. — on value. — on value.

Appendix, (No. 43.)

250 April',s,

continued. v' —

Note.—In computing the Real Value of the Imports for the Average of Three Years to 25th March 1799, there was 5 per-Cent. added to the Rate of Value of British Manufactures Imported into Ireland, to make up for the Expences luppoled-to be incurred in the Transportation of the Goods from one Country to the other; and 10 per-Cent. was added to the Rate of Value on Foreign Goods Imported through Great Britain, to include the various Expences that occurred from the Tune of landing 111 Great Britain until the Period of Ke-exportaion; together with the British Merchants Profits, but exclusive of the Duties. The Value of the Exports was ejtiniated upon the Principle of the Money which comes into the Country for each Article Exported; it is the Price paid here by the Exporter, increased by the Duty, if any, and all other Charges incurred at Home.

Dublin, •) H- B- ,

14th April 1804.1 For the Infpr General

of Imports and Exports.

Atf ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, between the 31ft day of May 1803 and the 24th day of April 1804.

Twelve Thousand Three Hundred and Forty-five Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 25th April 1804.

N. Vansittart.

Appendix,

(No. 44.)

26° Apr Ms.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum wanted to defray the Expence of Works done adjoining the Old Chapter House, now the Public

Record Office, at Westminster.

Seven Hundred and Forty-one Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, \ Vansittart.

25th April 1804. 3

712

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 44.) 26* Aprilis,

costumed.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the KING'S BENCH PRISON.

Three Thousand and Ten Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25 th April 1804.

N. Vanjitiart.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum which will be wanted to complete the Works carrying on at CHETNEY HILL in the County of Kent, under the Authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of llis present Majesty, cap. 80. for eretiinga Lazaret there.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ‘25 th April 1804.

Thirty Thousand Pounds.

N. Vanjittart.

, GENERAL ABSTRACT of the SUBDIVISION ROLLS, returned for the several Counties, Distrifls, and Places,

Appendix, ;n Great Britain, pursuant to the proviCons of the Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 96.; as far as the fame can be made up.

45.; 70 Mali. N° in ill Class Effective. 2d, Effective. 36, Effedtive. 4th, Effective. Voluntary Service. Army, Marines, Volunteer Corps, Sea Fencibles. Clergy, Licensed Teachers, Medical Men, and Constables. Infirm. Enrolled in Parishes out of the County.

Aberdeen - 8,210 L«97 * 1.784 7,388 2,585 3,162 120 1,461 5

Ang.etea - 1,889 38G 779 2,499 1,729 1,729 133 >37

Argyll - 5,061 .95*2 1,176 6,215 10,989 1,280 288 120 —

Ayr - 4.8S5 1,582 5,000 4,458 - 217 1,357 3

Banff - i>49‘ 393 154 1,944 1,108 902 4 96 3

Bedford 3<5H 678. 1,582 5,2-26 5.814 — —

Berks - 6,721 1>771 2,3°9 8,617 2,+57 734 317 1,160 23

Berwick - 1,810 123 445 2,505 L47i 337 67 142

Brecon - 2,709 673 672 2,605 1*95 - 226 37i —

Bucks - 5,557 1,241 2,448 8,895 6,03 j 1,893 35^ 1,353 8

Bute - 792 84 175 1,005 - 480 4i 64 —

Caithness - 1,010 160 294 1,649 - 9-5 84 > '4 159

Cambridge - 4,991 1,189 2,669 8,260 - 1,404 333 1,104 42

Cardigan - 1,858 44.5 794 2,802 489 6i-8 224 3>,5

Carmaithen 3,771 751 1,225 4,802 53i 371 179 357 —

Carnarvon - 2,329 689 939 1,982 632 1,394 75 >95 —

Chester - 10,9'7 2,386 5,-07 15,689 7,211 2,641 499 2,384 365

Clackmannan 39'< 77 209 678 - - 3 >55

Cinque Ports 3,279 626 1470 4,830 445 4,998 H* 690 53

Cornwall - 9,486 2,178 2,814 12,363 3,213 4,3'6 iq8 844.

Cromarty - 393 50 88 510 180 200 8 3> 3

Cumberland 7,160 1.875 2,092 8,556 1,615 70 188 706

Denbigh - 3,^41 863 930 3,987 518 1 12 107 . —

Derby - 9,242 L996 3,7«s5 12,924 14,985 319 33 2,179 2

Devon - l8,l I4 3.457 5,675 23,855 15.959 10,312 1,308 4,674 2

Dorset - 6,347 1.503 2,469 9,747 4-353 2,306 451 >,590 20

Dumbarton i,377 337 367 I>714 716 554 7 l6l 3

Dumfries - 3,442 ^77 842 3,4°9 - - 43 408

Durham - 7,/87 i,3id 3,°47 10,873 1,101 6,325 900 1,768 —

Elgin - i,433 368 300 1,980 - 7 * 7 57 267 1

Ltiex - 11,879 2,838 5*087 >6,439 3,391 3,926 504 2,835 33

Fife 3,'»42 951 1,116 6,269 3,673 . 3,035 171 1.092 8

Flint 2,361 640 921 2,498 7>» 2,561 128 270 49

Forfar - 4,627 1,060 1/230 8,019 1,02 1 1,238 12 6 735

Glamorgan 5,049 1/268 2,155 6,286 4,441 234 53 250 —

Gloucester - 12,845 3,612 5,217 >3,546 17,440 390 6,118 — 7

Hants - 1-2,0*2 2 3»°99 4,190 >4,537 18,457 2,412 57 2,813 35

Hereford - 4*945 L574 1,13° 5,9 >2 3,494 502 283 1,030 59

Hertford - - 6,08 cS 1,421 2,578 8,174 6,618 447 240 >,*32 55

Huntingdon - 2, O(>0 395 1,079 3,357 753 133 125 646

Inverness - 3.LVI 436 1,25 s 4,7/6 830 716 93 163 —

Knit 12.319 3.159 4,*72 >7-579 4,^33 14,373 50'(5 4>'57 38

Kincardine L-75 422 360 1,891 i,397 266 10 307

K n nfs - 37 2 124 67 549 - 18 52 131 —

- Kiikv’injbright 007 334 274 1,561 - 906 95 263 —

Lanark - s.Vu 2,226 3*54* 14,689 7<3o6 ——

Lancaster - 30,210 7,997 22,097 62,231 27,728 13,846 1,0.33 14,782 - -

Lei cell cl' - 0,749 1,780 2.928 0,358 8.755 018 445 2,-11 1

Lincoln 10,449 3,161 4,343 14,795 5.1 4,9^8 789 3,080 *5

Linlithgow 7 3 8 181 •223 1,158 541 450 33 235 2

Lothian, lb.it 402 86 181 1,020 2,037 685 24 485 —

Lothian Mill, (County) 2.33-■) 534 1,019 4,041 — — 97 37'> —

Lorhian Mid, (Cit}) - 2.5 19 8.33 867 3,824. 1,011 2,353 130 1,084. 12,523

London - - , - 7,24» 2,621 2,766 9,848 957 7,57 523 C46 112

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

713

General Abstract of the Subdivision Rolls, returned for the several Counties, &c. in Great Britain—continued.

N* in lft Class Effective. 2d, Effective. 3^, Effective. 4th, Effective. Voluntary Service. Army, Marines, Volunteer Corps, Sea Fencibles. Clergy, Licensed Teachers,' Medical Men, and Constables. Infirm. Enrolled in Parishes out of the* County.

Middlesex - ■* 24,625 9,949 12,138 44,593 91,299 13,200 1,200 6,235 262

Man, Ille of - — — * — — —

Merioneth - - 1,609 479 53» 1,673 396 260 139 118 3

Monmouth - 4,236 i,33 i,>79 3,609 1,457 — —

Montgomery - 3,426 643 759 3,546 1,807 1 5 140 1

Nairn - 212 66 »7 431 767 473 30 26. —

Norfolk - 15,7*7 3.128 7.284 23,186 15,458 3>oi9 813 3>739 33

Northampton - 60 79 1,557 2,829 10,295 5,494 562 4*5 1,210 31

Northumberland - 4^42 1,269 1,588 7,5-3 6,916 4>649 *93 1,066 171

Nottingham - 8.3+7 1,815 2,568 12,111 3,079 1,916 294 2,126 1

Oxford - 6,585 1,642 2,269 8,873 8,184 . - 36 188 —

Oikney and Zetland - — —

Peebles - . * ^93 155 140 708 315 460 11 96 1

Pembroke - - *>733 531 955 3,996 - 737 283 4H 1

Perth - 7>63i 2,0*24 i,*73 9,238 8,694 814 374 1,021 7

Radnor - L5i4 319 417 i,44i - - 8 —

Renfrew - 3,*59 766 1,322 5,3o6 - *47 40 528 7

Rosis - - 397 820 3>*i5 4,289 394 271 426 2

Roxburgh - - *,*05 586 53* 2,5*7 3,507 100 53 549 —

Rutland - 1,008 269 475 1,337 1,269 182 102 213 5

Salop - 10,853. 2,812 3,551 12,580 3,981 2,971 380 2,166 13

Selkirk - 373 88 98 400 464 150 20 53 1

Somerset - - 14,644 2,896 4.905 17,433 9,035 8,249 611 3,224 5

Stafford - 13,256 3,*9 6,258 i9, Hi 18,497 780 430 3,595 45

Stirling - 2,904 713 83* 3,4*1 2,135 421 . *9 512 1

Suffolk - 12,392 2,227 4.817 . 18,016 11,217 2,105 299 2,401 21

Sutherland - - 1,616 . 741 521 555 - 1,080 104 — . —*

Surrey - 11,209 3,909 5,062 10,231 1,846 10,337 530 4,533 33

Sutlex - '9,235 2,029 3.947 12,627 9>510 3,109 503 2,109 38

lower Hamlets - - 3,960 *,35i 3.730 10,117 - 2,95i *33 1,189 1,118

Warwick - - 10,689 *,743 4,514 17,757 11,644 213 258 2,962 9

Westminster - - Included in Middlesex.

Westmorland - 1,334 439 410 2,426 2,702 3 28 297 1

Wight, (Hip of) - - 619 *45 285 1,232 1,223 2,435 128 89 4

Wigtown - - 1,530 39» 3^9 1,962 1,417 137 46 265

Wilts - 9,76o 2,188 3,540 13,829 12,334 909 467 2,301 17

Worcester - - 8,537 1,846 2,743 1,069 3,739 216 142 1,827 11

York, (North Riding) - 9,456 2,322 2,588 11,032 7,642 1,356 . 367 1,459 6

York, (Ball Riding) - 7,088 1,886 2,828 9,984 2,584 803 . 479 581 7

York, (West Riding) - 3L*57 6,624 13,792 50,854 9,980 1,396 i>44°- 7,562 28

Cornwall Stanneries - *,079 365 764 3.391 - 38 - 69 —

Total - - 552,619 138,752 345,653 794,291 482,761 176,780 29,878 118,322 15,53+

Appendix* (No. 45.) 70 M

continued. ________

Whitehall, 7 May 7th, 1804.3

Reginald Pole Carew.

RETURN to an Order of the IToufe of the 16th of April 1804; for, An ACCOUNT of all subsisting PENSIONS granted by the Crown, during Plcalure or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer: Specifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, and for whose Benefit, such Pensions were granted.

a

e

ca P-

o)

C

'A

W

Andrews, Catharine (now Nott)

Arnold, Margaret -Brudtnell, Robert -Brudenburgh, Dorgthy -Barlow, Sophia - -

Barlow, Maria -

Barlow, Louisa - -

Barlow, Catherine (now Thistlethwavtc

Buckworth, John 7 Billiopp, Colonel Thomas Balcarres, Earl of -

Brudenell, Augufia - -

Chamber la^ne, Betty Clerk Cowper, Spencer, Represent3 of; for Life of h is Daughter Jane Cowper Crefiener, Elizabeth Colcbrook,. Daine Mary

Clarke, Frances -

Corbett, Major Moses Dent, Catharine, Widow Dent, Catharine, Spmlter - . -

Dent, Sophia - - -

Dent, Caroline -

Dent, Cotton - -

Dutton, Patentia - -

0 -

the

Pension er Annum. NAME S. Pension per Annum.

£■ s. d. £. s. d.

100 0 0 to C Dunmore, Countess of - 400 0 0

500 0 6 O Elliott, Robert, in trust for Eleanor Eden.

L»i 4° 0 0 0 0 c 0 PH now Lady Auckland - - 796 0

50 0 0 «4N O Foldefey, Michael - - 40 0 0

50 0 0 u 0 Fauquier, Francis - - 300 0 9

5° 0 0 c3 Falkland, Lord, and John Law, or either of

50 0 0 s them, in trull for the 2 Daughters of the

0 0 late Colonel Carey, Lavinia Matilda, and

400 0 0 Amelia Sophia, f. 100 each - _ 200 0 ©

300 0 0 s Faucett, Susanna, during the Lives of her

13* 0 0 two Daughters - - 400 0 0

66 13 4 -a " Greville, Fulk - . 730 0 0

‘3 p, Gardener, Charlotte - _ 65 0 0

230 0 0 Howard, Lady Mary - _ 150 0 0

500 0 0 Ti a? Howard, Lady Elizabeth - - 150 0 6

400 0 0 g Hope, Henry - . 200 0 0

100 0 0 £ Hill, Frances - _ 80 0 0

250 0 0 m Harnage, Dorothea ... . 20 0 0

80 0 0 £ Damage, Ann - 20 0 0

30 ‘ 0 0 0 Harnage, Mercy * - io 0 0

30 0 0 *—* c/} Harnage, Mary - . 20 0 0

30 0 0 Jenkinlon, Elizabeth, (now Cornwall) - 250 0 0

30 0 0 Jean, Thomas -

13t 0 0 Knox, Letitia - 600 0 9

VoL.i59.

8 T

Appendix, tNo. 46.) 7* Mali.

•714

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Apptndijf* (No. 46.) 7* Mali,

continued*

•5

1

w

X

.•2

at

Cu

4

8/5

C

¥■<

tyj

fe

fiu

Laufac, Henrietta - -

Laurenzie, Erneltine -

Laye, Ann -

Meuron, Susan de -Middleton, Elizabeth -

Onslow, Arthur, in trull for Poley, George Walton, and Arthur Onslow -

O’Hara, Jemima -

Popham, Catharine -

Peyton, Sir Yelverton - -

Porten, Mary -Pownall, Mary -

Palmer, William Finch, in trull for the Honble Brydget Byng

Randall, Susanna, Martha, and Elizabeth -Renard, Louis Peter - -

Rochford, Earl of -

Saigas, Maria, Louisa, and Rose Schaw, James -Skinner, Heller -Smith, John -

Serle, Ambrose (for 31 years, from the 5th

of July 1776) ......

- - - Ditto -

Swanton, Emma -

Sussex, Lord, Representatives of, and Rob1 Burton, in trull for Mrs. Durell -St John, Henry - -

Thomas, Gertrude -

Vernon, Charles -

Wettcftein,' Luke, in trull for Sir Luke Schaub's Daughters -Willis, James -

Wijliams, Charles -

Yates, Lady -

* J

(Burdon, Elizabeth -,2 g Frecmantle, Maria -^ h t Holt, Jane

►s is

Hr

'3

e-

3

c/5

O

A

X

w

a*

rAlt, Chrillina -

Alt, Henrietta -

Alt, Maria -

Audley, Lord -

Broughton, Bryan -

Bradshaw, Lawrence -Bradshaw, Augullus Hill -Bliss, Jonathan -

Bowlby, Lady Mary -Beawes, Mercy

Cawthorne, Joseph Clarke, Harley - -

Cockburne, Dame Augulla Ann Chambers, Frances -

Delaval, Edward Hufley Dodd, John -

Durant, William -

Davies, Henry -

Davies, Either -

Faddy, Peter -

Forbes, Lucy -

Finch, Ann -

Fawkener, Elizabeth -

Goldie, Sophia -

Gower, Countess (Marchioness of Stafford) Green, John -

Gunn, Ann -

Guy, John -

Hay, Elizabeth -

Hamilton, James -

Jeans, Rev. Thomas , -

Kelly, Elizabeth -

Kelynge, James -

Kilihaw, Rey. Richard -

393 0 0 195 o o

300 o o 100 o o

200

250

300

600

131

50

200

1,000

60

150

100

100

o o o o o o o o

o o

500

131

100

300

200

15Q

2G3

50

50

50

500

100

100

100

150

200

100

100 40 600 18 18

300 o 150 o 54 *2 7° o 40 o

50 o

20 o 50 o

200 O

393 0 ° 131 »4 0

300 o o

o o o o

o o

o o

o o

o o o o

25° o

33 15 o 33 15 o

o o o o o o o o

o o

o o o o

100 o o 300 o o

200 O O 20 O o 160 o o

25 o o 200 o o

200 O O

100 o o 50 o o 100 o o

N A M E S.

a

•5

'I

4)

*0

-o

‘3

Q,

’"C

<L>

cn

O ►—<

c/5

w

P-1

Lind, Maria Henrietta

Lind, Mary -

Lloyd, Ann, Spinster Lennox, Alexander

Lake, Ann - -

Lind, Laetitia

Mayor, John - -

Mailer, Mary -

Morrison, Mary -

Macdonald, Roderick - - -

Mein, John -

Maclean, Col1 Allen, in trull for Mrs. Hawkins's Children -Machie, Charlotte -

Nicolaides, Stephanus -

Otway, Meliora -

Petch, Mary

Pirard, Francis -PJanta, Joseph -

Richmond, Robert -

Ramus, George -

Roche, Elizabeth ——

Speer, William -Speed, Mary Ann -Stonehewer, Richard -

Smith, Francis, Richmond -

Villion, Elizabeth -Vacchini, John - -

W’atfon, Elizabeth - -

Whitefoord, Caleb -Williams, Lieut1 William -

Watkins, John ——

Pension per Annum.

0>

xi

o>

,c

, T OJ

* t> £ g

§56

CD

G t) J S3

a*

Alms House at Hanover Gibson, George -

3

t

c/5

3

CO

O

>-1

CO

A«

f Bridge, William -Brett, William .... Bowlby, Lady Mary -

Bulley, John , -

Cadman, Richard - -

Cameron, Dougald -

Dalton, Thomas -

Duval, Philip -

Davies, Jane

Evelyn, Augulla (now Mrs. Jenkins) Egerton, vUriana Margaret Eger ton, Mary -

Griffiths, John -

Ditto -

Heineker, Dorothy, (now Mrs. Munro)

Harris, John -

Hutchinson, Thomas - . -

Hamilton, Philippa (now Lady Full)

Irby, A. G. E. (now Lady Walfmgham)

Jackson, Jane -

Love, Richard -

Ludby, Edward, for Edward Godfrey

Maitland, Honb,e Alexander

Muller, Christopher -

Newton, Sarah -

Neville, Catharine -

Nicholai, Christopher -

Pafchall, Ann Elizabeth -

Ramus, Charles -

Rufhton, Henry -

Rufhton, James -

Ritfo, George -

Ditto ......

Scott, William -

Schawer, John -

Scott, Henrietta -

Thomas, Charles Nassau

Viney, Walter -

White, Peggy

Watts, William -

Ditto -

Ditto

£ s. d.

30 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

650 0 0

50 0 0

300 0 0

18 18 0

200 0 0

50 0 0

25 0 0

80 0 0

100 0 0

80 0 0

50 0 0

120 0 0

6 6

200 0 0

50 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

6oe 0 0

25 0 0

ioo 6 0

30 0 0

20 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

18 3 ft

100 0 0

19 9 6 50 o o 285 o o 100 0 o

56 14 o 39 o o

30 0 0

250 0 0

10 0 0

412 0 0

372 10 0

131 10 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

121 13 0

42 >5 0

39 0 0

3i 10 0

372 10 0

b5 0 0

3 0 0

10 0 0

209 0 0

25 4 0

50 0 0

372 19 0

173 10 0

21 0 0

28 10 0

52 H 6

>9 9 6

50 0 * 0

100 0 0

475 0 0

39 0 0

12 12 0

131 10 0

42 15 0

2 12

300 0 0

80 0 0

80 0 0

PENSIONS by Sign Manual.

44 Geo. Ill* Appendix.

Date of Sign Manual. - * NAMES. Pension per Annum.

£. s. d.

ao July - - - >793 Antrobus, Edmund, and Ccutts Trotter, in trust for Eleanor Mbllefon * - - 300 0 0

- - Ditto - - - Arnold, Benedict, and Thomas Morrison, Esqrs. in trust for Edward Shippen Arnold,

James llobertfon Arnold, Sophia Matilda Arnold, and George Arnold, £* 100. each 400 0 6

20 January - - >795 Allen, Frances Ann ----- 65 0 0

1 June - - - 1803 Abbot, Right IIonb,c Charles, and Peter Isaac Thelltiflon, in trust for Eleanor Made-

laine Wickham ----- 675 0 0

26 July - - - >7»3 Bolland, Qualhey ----- 27 O 0

4 March - - - D° Brookfbank, Ann - -- - - -- - 200 0 6

9 February - - >785 Barnes, John, and Joseph White, in trust for Theodora Rose - - - - # 300 0 0

• This Pension was granted in consideration of George Rose, Esq. having

relinquiftied the yearly Sum of £.400. net,‘granted to him in pursuance of an Address of the House of Lords.

ll December - - 1786 Browne, Charlotte - -- -- -- - ioo 6 d

- - Ditto - - - - Bremer, Ann ----- 53 16 0

14 March - - - >787 Bates, Ann - -- -- -- -- li 16 0

2 July - - - 1788 Butler, Eleanor - -- -- -- - 50 0 0

4 September - - >789 Beauclerk, Henrietta - 100 0 0

- - Ditto - - - Beauclerk, Charlotte - -- -- -- loo d 0

- - Ditto - - - - Beauclerk, Martha ----- 100 0 6

6 November - - 1792 Butler, Lady Flu or ----- 100 0 0

13 March - - *793 Burg hall, George - -- -- -- - 300 0 0

20 September - - 3794 Burke^IP Hon1"* Edmd, Representatives of, during the Life of Mrs. Burke 1,200 0 0

24 February - - 1795 Bunbury, Henry - -- -- -- - 5°o 0 0

9 July - - - ditto Fulmer, Dorothy - -- -- -- - 50 0 0

- - Ditto - - ditto Browtll ilenry, and Robert Ilenderson, in trust for the 6 Children of Jaimes Fallowfield 5<5 0 6

l July - - - 1796 Burgess, Sir James Eland ----- 1,206 0 0

6 July - - >798 Brooks, Lydia - -- -- -- - 100 0 0

2 October - 1799 Byron, Oath irine Gordon - -- -- - 300 0 0

9 May - - - 1800 Bearcroft, Clare St. George - -- -- - 200 0 0

14 June - - - >783 Christie, Ann ----- ----- 3i 0 0

16 April - - - 1794 Ditto - -- -- -- -- - 18 11 O

27 June - - - 1789 Colleton, Lucy Cordelia ----- 25 0 0

6 July - - - 1793 Chamberlayne, Betty Clerk - -- -- - 66 J3 4

20 Ditto - - - ditto Copke, Penelope Ann - -- -- -- 350 0 0

Ditto - - - - Cooke, Eliza - -- -- -- -- 3 75 0 0

- - Ditto - - - Cooke, Maria ----- 375 0 0

- - Ditto s Call, Sir John, and John Roberts, Esq. in trust for Sarah Bates - - - - 500 0 0

1 July - - - 1794 Cumberland, Lady Albinia - - - -- - 400 0 0

29 January - 1795 Coulson, Mary, Widow ----- ----- 35 6 0

27 July - - - 1796 Coutts, Thomas, Esq. in trust for Lady Augusta Murray ----- 1,200 0 0

16 October - - 1798 Cathcart, Elizabeth, Baroness - - - 500 0 0

* 6 March - - - 1/99 Cranston, Henry, in trust for James Lord Cranston ----- 300 0 0

22 January - 1804 Cabell Martha, Benj. Scutt Jones, and W. Cabell, in trust for Mary Turner Cabell,

Ann Elizabeth Cabell, Thomas Scutt Cabell, and Robert Davies Cabell, £.50. each 200 0 0

8 December - - 1803 Cunynham, Lieut1 Col1 Francis ----- 258 O <5

10 March - - - 1803 Clare, Dowager Lady - -- -- -- 1,000 O Q

2 December - - 1803 Currie Isaac, Rob1 Raikes, and Samuel Lawford, in trust for Dame Elizabeth Maria

Shee 430 O

20 July - - - >793 Davy, Elizabeth - * - - - 32 IO 0

2 May - - 1798 . Davies, Mary - -- - 16 O 0

7 October - 1800 DTvernois, Sir Francis - -- -- -- 200 O .0

10 March - - - 1803 Digby, Revd William, in trust for Lucia Cary Gratten, Caroline Cary Gratten,

and Frances Cary Gratten, £. 40. each ----- 120 0 0

9 December - - >789 Elliot, Mary - -- -- -- -- 69 O

25 June - - - >790 Elphinftone Elizabeth Mackenzie, and Keith Elpbinftone, Daughters of late Lady

Llphinftone -- ----- 300 0 0

10 November - 1794 Ewart, Elizabeth, Widow - -- -- - G45 O 0

- - Ditto - Ditto, - - - in trust for John Ewart ----- 121 O 0

- - Ditto - ... Ditto, - - in trust for Elizabeth Ewart - ----- 121 O 0

- - Ditto - - - - Ditto, - - - in trust for Mary Ewart ----- 121 0 0

29 March - - - 1797 Edgcombe, Frggy - -- -- -- - 196 0 0

11 July - - - 1797 Eilkine, Mary Henrietta - - . - 400 0 0

14 October - 1801 Ernest, Dorothy, Widow - -- -- -- 350 0 0

- - Ditto - - - - F.rnett, Charlotte, Spinster - - , _ - 50 0 0

21 May - - — 1793 Folger, Timothy, and his Wife ----- 396 0 0

20 July - - - 3793 Fordyce John, and William Fullarton, Esqrs. in trust for George Hamilton Gordon - 200 0 0

6 September - - 3/93 Fawkener, William ----- ----- 300 0 0

9 Odc ber * 1793 Francis, Frances - -- -- -- - 60 0 0

v - - Ditto - Francis, Elizabeth - -- -- -- - 60 0 0

- - Ditto - ... Flint, Ann, Widow - 66 0 0

- - Ditto - ... Ditto, - - in trust for the two eldest of her Eight Children - 66 0 0

12 March - - - 1801 Fitzgerald, Lord Robert - - - - 800 0 0

10 March - - - 1803 Fori ter, John - -- -- -- -- 68 0 0

- - Ditto - - - - Fralcr, Captn Percy - - 300 0 0

- - Ditto - - - - Fauconberg, Viscount - -- -- -- 200 0 0

27 June - - - 3789 Greeine, Mary ----- 100 0 6

23 August - - - 1793 Gilbert F.tienne, Clerk - -- -- -- 100 ,0 0

3 April - - - 1799 Goddard, Charles, Elq. to be wholly or proportionately suspended, agreeably to the -

Amount of any Office he may hold - -- - 850 0 0

21 May - - - 1800 Gower Earl, and Sir Archibald McDonald, in trust for Gertrude Phillippine de

Kutzleben - -- -- -- -- 130 0 0

12 March - - - 1801 Green, Elizabeth, Widow - - - 200 0 0

1 July - - * 1801 Gray, Margaret, Widow - -- -- -- 200 0 0

- - , Ditto Gray, Ann Maria - -- -- -- - 100 0 0

11 December - - 1786 Hidlam, Sarah Ann ----- - 3* 34 0

29 June - - - 1787 Hamilton, Dame Cassandra 100 0 a

27 June - - >789 l loldsworth, Elizabeth 300 0 0

7 May - «- - >79® Hamilton, Mary - 80 0 0

2 September <• - >793 Halifax Robert, and Catharine Halifax, Widow, in trust for Gertrude, Charlotte,

Marianne, Caroline, Catharine, and Elizabeth Halifax, £, 60. per annum each 360 0 0

| 1 July ~ - 1794 Hobart, Henry, Representatives of, and Richard Cumberland, Elq". and the Survivor

1 of them, in trust for Elizabeth Margaret Cumberland - - * 100 t Q

Appendix,

(No, 46.)

' f* MaUi

Continued.

■ _ -

716

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 46.) J)a+p of Sign Manual.

7* Mali,

1 July - - - 1794.

continued.

22 December - - 1795

28 September - - 1796

19 July - - - 1797

to June - - - *799

29 May - - - 1800

14 March - - - 1801

17 May - -■ - 1801

30 November - - 1802

1 June - - - 1803

2 July - - - 1788

7 October - 1800

1 July - - - 1801

- - , Ditto -

21 April' - - - 1790

•2 April - - - 1788

4 February - - *79*

2 May - - - *79*

24 October - 1798

14 August - - - 1799

7 October - 1800

1 2? - 1S01

29 April - - - 17W5"

to November - - 178-,

28 September - - 1786

7 August - - - 1789

13 November - - 1790

6 October - *79-

20 July - - - *793

20 January - *794

2 September - - 1707

13 January - 1798

7 February - - 170:1

11 June - - - i8«jo

8 October - 1800

9 October - - - 1 Boo

14 October - 1800

si 20 Otflober - 1800

•5 24 October - 1800

0 19 January - 1801

1 12 March - - - 1801

1 *3 20 October - 1802

3 a 10 March - - - 1803'

JjF - - Ditto -

<■, 1 June - 1803

G i>0 3 December - - 1803

£ J 8 February - - 1804

>> 27 June - - - *739*

m 2 October - *799

- - Ditto -

o- 20 July - - - *79‘2

24 December - - 1782

trr 21 June - - - 1786

A - - Ditto _

Ul Ph - - Ditto -

- - Ditto - 1 -

2 July - - - 1788

14 March * - - 1801

6 July - - - 1803

24 December - - 1782

4 March - - - *7*3

' # 27 June - - - 1787

9 October - *793

21 April - - - *794

- 17 November - - .*797

30 November - - 1802

7 May - - - 1790

4 July - - - 1790

18 September - - *793

20 January - *794

17 April - - - *799

NAMES.

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

16 O&nber - 1800

14 March - - - 1801

4 Muy - - - 1801

1 June - - - .1803

- - Ditto -

1 February - - 1801

2 July - - _ 1788

4 September - - 1789

7 September - - 17S9

5 November - _ 1790

20 July- - - - *793

27 July - - - *794

25 September - - 1794

22 August - - - *798

21 December - - 1708

•23 October . - - 1 801

10 March - - - 1803

Hobart, Henry, Representatives of, and Richard Cumberland, Esqr4. and the Survivor of them, in trull for A lbinia Elizth Cumberland -

Ilollingsworth John, and Andrew Hollingtworth, in trull for Saiah Adams

Iiort, Sir John ——

Hyde, Re\d George Hooten - -

llowell, Annfe - -

Hereford, Lord and Lady, and the Survivor of them -

Hewgill, Elizabeth -

Hufkilfon, William -

Heathcote, Antoniett, Widow ——

Hill, Honourable Anne, Widow -

Johnstone, Deborah Charlotte (now Nugent) -

Jardine, Christine ——

Jennings, Robert, during the Life of his Son -

Jennings, Ann -

Kyte, Loretta Maria, Widow -

Llo\d, Ann, Spinlter ——

Lock man, Arabella Dorothea - - -.

Lcwhellin, Ann ——

Lempriere John, and Elizabeth Bandinell his Wife, severally and successively i.ellie, Lord - - - - -‘ -

Livingston, Edmund - - , -

l.iovd, John ——

Moncton, Susannah -

Maclean, Jane -

Maclean, Jane ——

Moyle, Isabella and Mary -

Maclain, Revd Archibald, and Henrietta Ann Maclain -

Morland, William, lor the Life of Harriet Bernard -

Miles, William Augullus -

Morley, Jane, Widow -

Mordaunt, 1 aidv Mary ——

Mudge, Thomas ——

Maclaine, Harriet Anne ——

Maclaine, Charles \nthony, Esq. -

Mom :ort, Lord ——

Mallet du Pan, Mrs. Francis ——

Maurice, Th< mis. Clerk -

M unday, Ue\d Robert -

Mordai nt, Lady Mary ——

Mitchell, Ue\d William - -

Miller, Ann, Widow -

Mlijoi i aanks, Edwd -

Murphy. Arthur -

Mont lord, Lord Henry (additional) ——

Mottier, William ——

Murray, Charlotte Ann, commonly called Lady George Murray -

Mc Donald, Thomas -

Noel, Maria ——

Nott, Charlotte Georgina Augusta --'v ——

Nott, A u gull a -

Oiborn Sir George, and John Ley, Esq. in trust for Jane Wraxhall -Poole, Sir Ferdinando ——

Pierson, Sarah ——

Pierson, Frances -

Pierson, Mary - -

Pierson, Diana Ann -

Ponsonby, Sarah ——

Pierson, Revd Thomas ——

Portland, Duke of, in trust for Josepha Elizabeth Byron de Gontaut, and Charlotte Sabina Byron de Gontaut ——

Rowe, Sukey -

Ram I den, Frecheville -

ltitlb, Louisa ——

ltohinfon, Catharine Gertrude ——

Rivers, James -

Ross, James Tyrrell ——

Routli, Abigail ——

Scarfdalc, Lord ——

Sumlius, Christopher -

Sneyd, Elizabeth ——

Sul ton. Captain Evelyn -

Sutton Thomas Manners, George Dawning, and Matthew Beachcroft, Esqrs. in trull for Mary Ann Merries ——

Ditto-in trull for Isabella Maria Merries -

Ditto - - - in trust for Catharine Merries -

Ditto-in trust for Julia Mary Merries -

Swinburn, Mary ——

Spiegel, Van de Digna, Joanna ——

Smith, Ann -

Stephcnfon, Honourable Jane -

Trimbldtown, Ann Baroness Dowager -

Villiers, Right honourable John, and William Garthfhore, in trust for Lady Louisa

Pacet ......

Woodcock, F.lborough, in trust for Lady Margaret Fordyce, Representatives of Williams, Mary - - f -

Wrightlbn, John, and the Representatives of Thomas Gibbons, in trust for Dame M.J. Perrot ——

Willis, Thomas, Clerk -

Wliitclbor.l, Caleb -

\\ ali nghain, Lord, in trust for Geo. and Thomas de Gray, and the Survivor -

Webber, William, lus Wife and the Survivor -

Wot >tllord, Sir Ralph, Baronet -

Wii.bn, Dr. James -

Waller, Robert -

Y onge, Right honourable Sir George, K. B. -

Pension per Annum.

£■ 1. d.

IOO 0 0

300 0 0

1,000 0 0

50 0 0

16 0 0

goo 0 0

300 0 0

1,200 0 0

300 0 0

130 0 0

3(>o 0 0

*25 0 0

*95 0 0

3*5 0 0

*50 0 0

5° 0 0

33 10 0

16 0 0

200 0 0

500 0 0

500 0 0

50 0 0

200 0 0

*50 0 0

150 0 0

*50 0 0

100 0 0

554 0 0

3°° 0 0

50 0 0

400 0 0

130 0 0

200 0 0

130 0 0

600 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

90 0 0

200 0 0

130 0 0

130 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

385 10 0

770 0 0

100 0 0

*50 0 0

150 0 0

400 0 0

670 0 0

27 10 0

*7 10 0

*7 10 0

*7 10 0

50 0 0

130 0 0

*94 0 0

270 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0

600 0 0

446 0 0

250 0 0

100 0 0

1,200 0 0

100 0 0

33<5 0 0

250 0 0

300 0 0

150 0 0

*50 0 0

*5^ 0 0

60 0 0

• 500 0 0

50 0 0

130 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

150 0 0

100 0 0

60 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

1,200 0 0

65 0 0

200 0 0

250 0 0

500 0 0

1,000 0 0

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

717

a

C-h

Date of Patent.

e

o

m

O

an

w

p<

8 September 1796

21 March - - - 1795

11 June - - 1790

10 December - - 1790

2 April - - - 1800

14 March - - - 1800

10 January - 1S04

19 September - - 1788

29 January - 1791

- - Ditto ‘

8 December - 177

2 February - - 1770

26 December - - 1775

20 November - 1776

9 July - - - 1779

24 December - - 1781

27 Augull - - - 178+

24 November- - 1787

27 January - 1786

16 February* - - 1787

15 July - - - 1788

17 May - - - 1793

‘^6 June - - - 1793

30 May - - - 1794

28 January - 1797

26 June - - - 1797

7 February - - 1798

3 April - - - 1799

23 December - - 1799

9 May - - - 1800

20 January - 1801

23 May - - - 1799

12 March - - - 1801

- - Ditto

29 December - - 1802

U14 January - 1804

.S r Date of Patent.

25 November - - 1761

u 19 July - 7 24 Chas 2d. 3 - 1762

<L> a. 4 July - - - 1776

Tii Dates of Sign Manual.

•—2 0 23 June - - - •76+

in -a .2 C 7 November - 1787

-*-» 03 3 > 9 July - - - 1789

a g - - Ditto -

- - Ditto

w 0> \ 10 September - - 1791

O "O - - Ditto -

3 S O * - - Ditto -

*1 8 pO Q 6 January - 1797

1 February - - 1797

-a C. J- 17 July - - - 1799

26 December - - J799

X O 30 April - - - 1802

an /C W c- - - Ditto -

N A M E S.

Ainflie, Sir Robert ——

Douglas, Right honourable Sylvester, during the Life of himself and Frederick Sylveiter North Douglas, and the Survivor of them -

Hamilton, Sir Charles ——

Knox, William ——

Min to, Gilbert Baron ——

Skinner, Sir John - - ’

Shee, Sir George ——

Wation, Brooke, in trust for his Wife - -

Willis, John, M.D. -

Willis, Rev. Francis ——

Sir Ralph Woodford, Envoy Extraordinary at Copenhagen

William Money, lor Services performed in Foreign Parts

John Olborn, late Envoy Extraordinary to Drelden

Sir Robert Gunning, late D° and Plenipotentiary to Petersburgh

Horace St. Paul, late Envoy Extraordinary to Stockholm

Joseph Fry, Charge des Allaires at Brullels -

John Milliquct, Charge des Affaires at Dresden -

George Cooke, Conlul General at Tripoli -

Nathaniel Davifon— D° - — Algiers -

Lewis Du tens, Charge des Affaires at Turin -

Sir John Stepney, Envoy Extraordinary at Berlin

Lord Torriugton, Miniiter Plenipotentiary at Brufi’els

Charles Keene, Charge des Affaires at Stockholm -

Charles Logie, Conlul General at Algiers -

Lord Malmeif urv, late Ambassador Extraordinary to the States-General of the United Provinces -

Thomas Walpole, late Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector Palatine Major General Gardiner, late Miniiter Plen0 to the Court of Warsaw Charles Henry Frafer, late Resident with the Hans Towns -John Coleman, Esq. late Charge des Affaires at Hamburgh * -

Right honourable John Trevor, late Envoy Extraordinary and Miniiter Plenipotentiary at the Court of Turin -Lord Henley, late Envoy Extraordinary and Miniiter Plenipoten-' tiary to the Court of Vienna - -

Lord Macartney, late Ambassador Extraordinary and Miniiter Plenipotentiary to the Court of Petersburgh, and Emperor of China Honourable Robert Walpole, late Epvoy Extraordinary and Miniiter Plenipotentiary at Lisbon -

Daniel Hailes, late Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Stockholm John Lewis Doerfeld, late Charge d'Affaires atfeveral Courts James Talbot, Secretary of Embalfy to the French Republic

-o Jr

£ aJ

o

C t/i O

"= 8

*'>S

S !r t a

ir5> *11h

-o 6

O

a u

S cs

c3 cj

: "g i,

> * £ g rf1 C

S-S 3

£ .2 £ 'S K S S t.B't

£ o <£ co

£ CO

-Q

2

S«s'

Earl of Chatham ——

William Earl of Kinnoul and his Heirs -

Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet -

Henry Ellis, Esq. ——

Honourable Mrs. Moncton, Widow

Mary Martin, Spinster -

Sarah Martin, Spinlter -

Alice Martin, Spinlter -

Fredefwnod Savory, Widow -

Charlotte Todd ——

Fi ances Tucker ——

James Cniufurd, Esq. ——

Henry Charles Selwyn, Esq. -

John Earl of Dunmore -

Sir Home Riggs Popham -

Sir Abraham Hume, Bart, and others, in trull for Henry Mailer Richard Thomas Mailer -

St. Vincent Frederick Mailer -Isabella Frances Mailer, Widow -

Pen (ion per Annum.

£• €. d.

1,000 0 0

600 0 0

200 0 0

600 0 0

1,200 0 0

2,000 0 0

770 0 0

557 10 0

717 O 0

1,000 0 0

806 O 0

100 0 0

800 0 0

1,000 0 0

600 0 0

200 0 0

250 O c\

248 O 0

3<50 0 0

300 0 0

800 0 0

L684 O 0

250 0 0

460 0 0

2,300 0 0

800 0 0

600 0 0

900 0 0

120 0 0

1,200 0 0

2,000 0 0

2,213 0 0

2,000 0 0

800 0 0

250 0 0

600 0 0

3>oooo 0 0

1,000 0 0

537 0

300 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

40 0 0

3o 0 0

3o 0 0

8i5 0 0

400 0 0

600 Q 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

loo O 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

RECAPITULATION:

Amount of Pensions formerly paid by late Paymaster of Pensions -

Ditto - - Ditto - - at the Treasury -

Ditto - - Ditto - - to the Servants of the late Queen Caroline and late Princess of Wales Ditto - - Ditto - - by Sign Manual ——

Ditto - - Ditto - - by Patent ——

£■ 3. d.

- - 15.506 17 4

8,417 8 0

- - 5,125 2 8

44,544 0 4

8,644 10 0

Total Amount of Pensions having Reference to the 6th Class of Civil Lilt Payments, as directed by Ad 22 Geo III. cap. 82 ...... *

Amount of Pensions to late Foreign Ministers ——

Ditto - - - - out of the Duties of 4.-011 d-J per-Cent. -

* These Penfiom were transferee to the Excheque] by the Act of th< 22d of His present Majesty, cap. 82.

U

82,237

21,635

8,052

3.

18

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 7th M;*y 1804. 3

N Vansittart.

Vol. 59.

8 U

d.

4

o

o

111,924 18 4

Memorandum:—The Pensions granted by Authority of Parliament, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund, are not included

in this Account.

* It is very pTobable that several of the Persons whose Names appear on these Lifts are- dead,- but that can only be ascert&ined from time to time as the Certificates are delivered by their Representatives at the Exchequer.

Appendix, (No. 46.) y° Aid it,

continued.


Appendix,-

(Xo. 46.)

continue'

22° Jiutii.

718 Appendix. A. 1804.

'■—-— a=:= - 1: 11 =—v 1 = — ... — r-":- —1 ■- .=>

A LT S T of all PENSIONS Grahted on the Establishment of Ireland, up to the ill of January 1804;

Specifying the Date and Continuance of each Grant.

PENSIONERS NAMES.

Representative of Cha* Hooper and Phil. Martin -

Representative of \Ym Shaiman, Esq. in trull for Margaret Netterville Representative of Nath1 Clements, in trull for the Children of In° Clements, defeated -Representative of Aldn Hans Baillie of Dublin, in trust for the Widow and Cliihlien of lld AnneiW Clerk, deceased -Elizabeth Paine -

Mary Hamilton alias Preston -

Marg1 Theiond, Spinltcr ——

f Harriet Molesworth Executors of Ch* Usher, in trull for < Louifu Ponsonby -

t Elizabeth Molesworth Rep refen tative of Fcrdd Duke of Bruniwick and Lunenburgh

Representative of Lord Hawke -

Martha Lady Beauclerk, Widow of Lord Hen* Beauclerk, in trull for her Daughters ——

Mrs. Macartney -

C Richard Fitzpatrick Executors of the Duke of Bedford, j Harriet Vernon -in trult for - - - - j Caroline Vernon -

* Elizabeth Vernon -Representative of John Earl of Sandwich and Geo. Grenville, Esq. in trull for the Princess Augulla -

Charles Duke of Richmond, in trait for Lady Louisa Mary Lenox, Wife of Lord George Henry L*nox -

Representative of Philip Vile* ^trangford, in trull for his two Daughters

George Whitelocke -

Eleonora Symmer, Widow of Robert Symmer -

William Henry Duke of Gloucester -

Addition ——

Anna Helena Ileatley -

Thomas Gough, Eiq. ——

Itepresentative of Jeremiah Dyfon -

Lady Conyngham - .- - -

Mrs. Anna Maria Hewitt -

Eliza Biddle, Spinller -

Mary Eliza Valiancy ——

Frances Preston Vallancey -

Letitia Preston Vallancey - -

Ile&or Munro, Clerk -

John Swan, Elq. in trust for Maria Swan -

John Milbanke, Esq. ——

John Pennefather -

William Pennefather ——

Mary Pennefather ——

Catherine Pennefather -

Margaret Pennefather -

Representative of Robert Adair, in trust for his three Children, Robert, Diana, and Elizabeth Adair -

Anne Moore -

Jane Gordon, Spinster -

Harriet Gordon, Spinster -

{ Richard Crolbie, Esq. -Edward Crolbie, in trust for Mary Crolbie -

f Dorothy Crolbie -Elizabeth Sneyd the elder and Elizabeth Sneyd her Daughter, and Survivor - -

Dorothy Hellen ——

John Wynne ——

Catherine Fitzgerald -

Elizabeth Delamain ——

Richard Malone ——

Connell Vereker -

Edward Bulkeley ——

Addition ——

John Swim, Esq. -

Edward Smyth, Esq. -

Jacob Downing Pickford, Esq. -

Elizabeth Fauquiere -

Marcella Murlhal ——

Margaret Mitchell ——

Charlotte LIII ——

rJ'erefa Booker, Daughter of the late Aldn Francis Booker -

Addition ——

John Lord Kinfale -

Addition -

Representative of Lord Clonmell, Assignee of Sir N# Lawless, Bart. Assignee of Edward Moore, Esq. -

Representative of Lord Clonmell, Assignee of Sir N* Lawless, Bart.

Assignee of Edward Moore, Elq. ——

Albert Nesbitt, Clerk ——

The Representative of Henry Meredyth, in trust for Letitia Meredyth and Judith Woodward - - . -

Annual

Pensions.

£ s. d.

200 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

30 0 0

150 0 0

63 17 6

70 0 0

70 0 0

70 0 0

1,200 0 0

2,000 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

IOO 0 0

IOO 0 0

IOO 0 0

100 0 0

5,000 0 0

500 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

3,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

50 0 0

200 0 0

1,000 0 0

600 0 0

300 0 0

150 0 0

75 0 0

75 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

1,070 0 0

30 0 0

30 0 0

30 0 0

30 0 0

30 0 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

400 0 0

75 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

250 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

250 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

1,000 0 0

700 0 0

1,000 0 0

200 0 0

15th December 1726

18th July - 1744

7th Augull - 1746

6th April - 1753

1 - D°.

>2ilt February 1755 15th January - 1756

17th November 1778 7th March- - 1760

Estab1 - - 1761

- - D° - - -15th July - 1763

29th March - 1764

24th May - - — 28th September — id June - - 1765

id May - - 1767 13th March - 1789 26th April - 1768

7th November 1769 23d February - 1770

9th June - 1770

ill November — 17th December —

10th January - 1771 10th October - — 31ft October - 1771

Term.

24th June - - 1772 22d October - —

24th November 1774

22d January - 1776 7th June - - —

20th December 1780 7th June - 1776

7th Augull - —

26th November — ill Augull - 1791 21ft January - 1777 25th November 1785

25th March - 1777

20th Augull - 1780 20th December —

Until £. 2,000 be paid at one payment.

Pleasure.

D°.

D°.

D°.

Life.

D°.

D°.

31 years, from lothOaobef 1778.

Life of Martin Bladen, now Lord Hawke, and Edward his Brother, and Survivor.

Pleasure.

D°.

Life.

Pleasure.

Lives of his three Sons, Jeremiah, George, and Henry, and Survivor.

Pleasure.

31 years from Lady-Day 1776.

Pleasure.

44 Geo. IIL

Appendix.

719

Lift of Pensions granted bn the Establishment of Ireland—continued.

PENSIONERS NAMES.

Francis Bernard Beamifh, Esq. -

John Evans, Esq. -

•James Young ——

Robert Gamble -

Edward Sterling -

Isabella Prances Francis -

Addition -

Sarah Haftar -

Edward Storey, Clerk, in tmft for Catherine Hannah Sneyd Representative of Lord Rodney, in trust for Lady Dowager Rodney John Rodney ——

Jane Rodney ——

Henrietta Rodney ——

Anne Rodney ——

Sarah Rodney ——

Anne Kennedy ——

Elizabeth Dunk in -

Representative of Robert Emmet, Doctor of Physic, in trust for Harriet Temple ——

Gustavus Hume, in trust for Richard Mayne, Thomas Worsley, Frances and Anne Burleigh ——

Robert French, Esq. in trust for Frances Newburgh, to support her Children, Frances and Mary 1 lizabeth -

Representative of I lenry Theophilus Clements, Esq. in trust for Cathe Lady Aylmer and her Children, Matthew Lord Aylmer, Henry Fredk Whitworth, and Rose Aylmer -

William Lodge, Clerk -

Constantia Maria Wren -

John Stephen Lewis Dejoncourt -

Henry llarnfon ——

William Taylor, Gentleman -

Edward Hamilton, Esq. in trust for Catherine, Mary Anne, Elizabeth, and Arabella Hamilton, Daughters of the late Joshua Hamilton, Esq. and the Survivor ——

James Anthony du Roveray, Esq. -

Jane Moore ——

Catherine Ridge -

Sarah Ridge ——

Anne Ridge ——

Frances Benson and her Daughter, and Survivor ——

Mrs. Elizabeth Bourchier - -

John Newman, Esq. ——

Mrs, Catherine Emerson -

Anne Pringle and Margaret Pringle, and Survivor -

Jane Jephfon ——

Sir William Godfrey, Bart. -

Thomas Truelock Bookey -

William Truelock Bookey -

Viscount Perry ——

Representative of Robert Shaw, of Dublin, Merchant -Representative of Robert Shaw, of D°

Representative of Robert Shaw, of D°

Edward Gleadowe, Esq. - - - D°

Mary Ellis, Wife of Doctor Thomas Ellis -

Juliana Southwell ——

Representative of II. T. Clements, in trust for John, Henry, and Margaret Xefbitt, and Survivor James Ormsby and Jane his Wife, and Survivor -*

Mary Roberts -

Florinda Ellison ——

Elizabeth Bofiugue ——

Anne Lei and, Widow -

Elizabeth Leland ——

Frances Arabella Kennedy -

Elizabeth North, Widow - - . -

Frances Rynd ——

Thomas Kyland ......

Samuel Sneyd, Esq. ——

John Norris Thompson -

Robert Ashworth, Esq. * ——

Robert Alhworth, Esq. - -

Robert Alhworth, Esq. -

Robert Alhworth, Esq. -

Representative of Robert Shawf, of Dublin, Merchant -

Penelope Houghton ——

Sarah Smyth -

Roger Briftowe, Esq. - -

Mary Warren ——

Anne Warren -

Sarah Warren - - -

Rebecca Warren -

Right honourable John Beresford, in trust for the Children of the late John Hamilton, Esq. -

Fitzherbert Richards,, Esq. -

James Cavendifti, Esq. -

Harriet Cavendish, Wife of James Cavendifti

I^dy Catherine Marlay -

Honourable Rose Browne -

Sir Francis DTvernois -

David Jebb, Esq. ——

Sarah Viscountess Ranelagh - - - -v- - . -

Annual

Pensions.

300

120

3°°

500

200

150

150

150

300

500

100

*00

100

100

100

100

120

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

56 o o 100 o o

200 O O

400

200

70

200

100

113 15

200

300

200

33

33

33

200

100

113

iot>

600

300

40

40

3>°oo

800

700

250

loo

200

200

75

200

150

200

120

100

100

100

60

5°

50

1,000

500

1,200

300

300

200

200

100

40

200

100

50

50

50

o

o

o

6

6

6

o

o

15

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o,

500 400 150 150 300 300 300 3O0 o 400 o

2oth December 1780

17 th March - 1794 20th December 1780 19th February 1781 7 th April - —

18th July - - ‘— 4th February 1782

25th February 1783 15th August - — 6th February 1784 30th October - —

2d December —

19th March - 1785

16th August - — 5th October - —

12th D° - - — 25th November —

4th February 1786

1 ith May - - — 24th August - —

18th

28th December 1786 9th January - 1787

26th January - — 18th April - 1787

21ft July - - 1787 10th October - 1787 16th October - —

20th —

14th April - - 1788

8th August - 1789

Tfcrm.

Appendix, (No: 46 ) 220 J

continued.

Pleasure;

Life.

D°.

Pleafrre,

Life.

Pleasure;

Life.

Life of Rob1 <^haw, junr, Life of Bern15 Shaw.

Life of Mary Shaw. Pleasure.

Life of Rl Alhworth, junr. Life of Hen* Ashworth.

Life of Fr#dk Alhworth Life of Cha- Ashworth. . Life of Mary Shaw, his eldest Daughter.

Pleasure.

720

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 46.) 220 'Jwriiy continued.

Lilt of Pensions granted on the Establishment of Ireland—continued.

PENSIONERS NA M E S.

Sir Henry Manix, Bart. -

Emily Anne Agar ——

Surah Iiernon -

Elizabeth Iiernon ——

William Colville, Esq.

Mary Heady, Wife of Conway Heatly, Esq. -

Colonel Charles Vullancey ami Catherine his Daughter, and Survivor -

Joffiua Lord Viscount Alien’ -

Beresford Burfton, Esq. in trull for Jane Meare and Sarah her Daughter, and Survivor -

Robert Thompson, of Ravenfdale, County of Louth -

George Adair, Son of John Adair, 01 Rath, Queen's County - , -

Frances Stewart, Wife of Adam Murray Stewart -

Toby Purcell -

John Hunter Gowan -

Dorcas I larrifon, Wife of John Ilamfon, Esq. -

Dame Annabella lilackifton -

John Mann in ——

Thomas Dawson, Esq. and Henrietta his Wife, and Survivor Edward Wilrnot, Esq. ——

Samuel Briflowe, Esq. ——

Chr llopher lilunden -

Lieutenant Henry Bowen, in trull for his four Children, Cornwallis, Caroline, Cordel.u, and Maria Bowen, and Survivor -Grii'elda Montgomery, Executrix of Grilel Montgomery, in trull for Caroline, Grifelda, George Vaughan, and William Montgomery -Anne Maclean ——

Charlotte Cary -

William Scmt, and Rosamond his Wife, and Survivor -William Thomas Newenham, Esq. -

Robert O'Callaghan Newenham, Elq. -

Addition

John Ward ——

George Ward - - - - _ - -

IMary Bourchier ——

Arthur Wolfe, Esq. in trull for George Walker Bruce -Elizabeth Blakeney ——

Frederick, Duke of York and Albany - -

Sir James May, Bart. ——

George Stephen May, Esq. ——

Robert Gardiner, Esq. ——

Mary Freeman ——

Thomas Lea, Esq. ——

John M'Caulland, Esq. ——

Vicountess LitYord, Widow ——

Sarah Mauvilliun Cooper -

Benigne Lefcure, Widow ——

Elizabeth Jebb, Widow - -

RofsJebb ——

Elizabeth Jebb ——

Mary Jebb -

Frances Jebb ——

Margaret Jebb ——

Elizabeth Annesley ——

Richarda Annesley ——

Hannah Stratford ——

Angell Greenfield ——

James Nugent, of Dublin, Esq. -

Mrs. Jane Penrose ——

Catherine Hoare ——

William Walcott, Esq. ——

Elizabeth Green ——

Anne Sherry ——

Robert Day, Esq. in trull for John James Copinger, Esq. -Nicholas Loftus* Tottenham, Esq. -

Miss Frances Guydickens -

Honourable John M alley -

Lord Frederick Campbell -

James Switzer -

William Beckford and Elinor his Wife, and Survivor -Mary Yeatea - -

Sir Charles Deveux, Bart. -

Colonel William Blakeney -

Sir William Jolmffon, Bart. -

Reverend John Burgh -

Mary Burgh, now Griffith, Wife of Richard Griffith -Anne Burgh (now M‘Carthy) ——

Elizabeth Burgh (now Hill) -

Catherine Burgh ——

Hannah Langriihe ——

Hannah Langriihe, Spinller -

James Mercer, Elq. and Catherine his Wife, and Survivor Jane Eyre* (now Eynehe) and Martin French Lynche, Elq. her Husband, and Survivor -

Jonathan Bruce Roberts, Esq. -

Elizabeth Elliot -

John Nafon -

Annual

Penflons.

£• s. i

500 0 0

300 0 0

70 0 0

7° 0 0

600 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

| 600 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

80 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

400 0 0

do 0 0

400 0 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

40 0 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

60 0 0

60 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0

2CO 0 0

IOO 0 0

60 0 0

IOO 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

7>8l7 17 4

300 0 0

100 0 0

400 0 0

110 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

54 15 0

75 0 0

75 0 0

37 10 0

37 10 0

37 10 0

37 10 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

200 0 0

50 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

800 0 0

600 0 0

260 0 0

400 0 0

3,5oo 0 0

50 0 0

7° 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

45o 0 0

800 0 0

1,000 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0 1

300 0 0

200 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

8 th Augull - 1789

24th September 1790 •23d December 1790

Term.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

ill Augull - 1791

8th September — 23d December —

•2 lfl March — 1792

29th June - - 1792

29th June - - 1792

19th March - 1794 29th June — 1792

4th September — 18th —

20th October

22d January - 1793

8th June - - 1793 16th Augull - 1793 6th September 1793

19th November —

23d December 1793 10th January - 1794 23d December 1793 20th February 1794 10th March - - — 14th —

17th

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

D°, and after his Death to Sarah his Wife, for her Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Life.

Their Lives.

Pleasure.

The Lives of his Daughters Catherine and Sarah, and Survivor.

Pleasure.

44 Grio. III.

Appendix.

721

Lift of Pensions granted on the Establishment of I reland—continued.

PENSIONERS NAMES.

Annual

Pensions'.

Term.

Reverend Anthony Trail

Catherine Fitzinanrice -Sir John Blaquiere, K. B,

Count De Lally Tollendal - * - -

Count Dejarnac and his Wife Madam Dejarnac, and Survivor -

Peter Alley, Esq. -

William Judge, Esq. - -

Mils Augulta Joddrell -

Frances White -

Edward Gleadowe -

Honourable Ellen Weldon -

John Meares, Esq. 1 Elizabeth Ogle - -

Sir John Blaquiere, K.B. -

£• i. d. 150 o o

400 o o

1,200 O O

300

200

IOO

150

200

100

500

'850

QOO

800

1,031

Robert Ashworth, Esq. Assignee of D°

Duehefs of Athol -

Representative of Alexander Lynar, Assignee of Lord Mountjqy

Robert Watson Wade, Assignee of Lord Mountjoy

William Parks

Margaret Symes, in trust for William Symes -Charlotte Roberts and Mary Roberts, and Survivor -Philip Whitfield Harvey, Esq. -

Lewis Mofie -

7 ho mas Nesbitt, Esq. -

Sackville Hamilton, Esq. - -

Richard Borough, Esq. -

Henry Hamilton ——

Addition -

Charlotte Jane Hamilton -

Addition -

Sackville Robert Hamilton -

Robert Viscount Molesworth -

Honourable Harriet Staples -

Letitia Christiana Sheridan, Wife of Charles Francis Sheridan, Esq.

The Hon. Miss Mary Anne Smith -

Claide De Fontenay (dead) -

Charlotte Forfayth - -

Sophia Jackson, Widow of Gordon Jackson, Esq. -

Mary Hamilton, otherwise Preston -

Arabella Hamilton, Wife of Sackville Hamilton, Esq. and Eliza, Mary, and Isabella, their Daughters, and Survivor -Richard Earl of Cavan -

Anne Langrish, Wife of Robert Langrish, Esq. -Anne Vowel, Wife of Richard Vowel, Esq. -Barbara Alicia Winder, Jane Alicia Winder, Rachel Alicia Harrison alias Winder, and Elizabeth Alicia Winder, Daughters of Thomas Winder, Esq. and Survivor ——

Jane Fitter -

Hannah Hume, Daughter of Gustavus Hume, Esq. -

Honourable Percy Clinton Smyth, now Lord Strangford -

Mrs. Henrietta Walih -

John Copperthwaite ——

Addition -

John Henry Echlin, Esq. in trust for Theodosia and Maria Cavendish, and Survivor -

Robert Viscount iMolesworth and Mary Ann Viscountess Molesworth, and Survivor -

Anne Fox, Wife of Luke Fox, Esq. -

Mrs. Catherine Mason, Wife of the Right honourable John Monck Malon -

Louisa Ponsonby, Wife of William Brabazon Ponsonby, Efiq.

Elizabeth Stewart, Wife of James Stewart, Esq. -

Dame Mary Roche, Wife of Sir Boyle lloche, Bart.

Denham Jephfon, Esq. -

Ponsonby Tottenham, Esq. - ——

Mary Thompson ——

Sir Robert Baxter ——

Mrs. Elizabeth Rolls -

Vol. 59.

60

150

2oo

100

500

1,200

200

210

I40

IOO

50

VOO

400

130

300

50

50

40

100

500

300

200

IOO

IOO

J50

JlOO

'too

50

100

100

50

200

ICO

300

130

130

200

600

300

55

100

100

8 11

1*030 18 6

2,000 O Q 200 O O

20 6 3 8

360 16 6

o o o o o o

o o o o o o o o

o o o o

17th March 1794

17th May - 1794

19th March 1794

The Lives of Agnes biaWife, and William his Son; and Survivor.

Pleasure.

His Life, and the Lives of the Prince of WaLs, Duke of York, and Duke of Cla* rence.

Pleasure.

17th March - 1794

8thOctober 1794

8 X

12th November 1794

31ft December - — 4th January - 1795

24th January - 1795 18th September 1792 31ft December 1794 loth March - 1795 16th July - - 1795

10th March -

16th July - - —

10th March - - —

6th February 1796 23d March -

16th March - —

17th June -29th August

2d January - 1797

4th February - — 14th June ——

6th November — 29th July - * 1797

22d January - 1798 7th February — 23d March /* - 1798

Life,

D°.

D*.

For 12 Years, from 24th November 1793, or during his Life.

D*

Life.

From lft May 1786, 99 Years, if the Life of John Revel shall continue fa long;

From lft May 1786, 99 Years, if the Lives of R. W. Wade and Mary Wade shall so long continue.

His Life, and the Lives of R. W. Wade, and Robert Shaw, junior, and Survivor.

Pleasure.

Life;

Plejdurd.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure*

Life*

Lives of Olimpia, Rosetta, Sarah, Anne, Henry, Bel* lafyfe, & Louisa Catherine Kells, and Survivor.

Appendix, (No. 46.) 22* Junii,

continued.

AppeSd&,

2° Jtmii,

cdnttniiVd.

Appendix.

A. 1804

Lift of Pensions granted on the Establishment of Ireland^—‘continued.

Annual Pensions. Date.

£• s. d.

.100 0 0 6th November 1797 1

800 0 0 18th June - - 1798

7° 0 0 —

250 0 0 —

* 95 0 o 2otli June - - —

30 0 0 18th June - - —

250 0 0 20th June - - —.

100 0 0

100 0 0 —

0 0 —

- 100 - 0 0 —

50 0 0 —.

50 0 0 —

- 50- 0 0 —

200 0 0 20th‘July - - 1799

300 0 0 —

100 0 0 23d October - 1800

- 3°° ‘ 0 0 •20th July - - 1799

150 0 0 26th November 1801

-400 0 0 1

600 0 0 9th June - - 1800

300 0 0 23d October - —

100 0 0 —

-100 * . 0 0

300 0 0 23d November 1801

200 0 0 — —

200 0 0 24th — —

200 0 0 •26th — —

-100 - ► 0 0 26th November 1801

50 0 0 —

200 0 0 8th December 1802

v,oooo - 0 0

54 15 0

50 0 0

200 0 1 0 lft February - 1764

0 0 24th June - —

3° 0 0 30th September 1766

100 0 0 26th March - —

200 0 0 —

0 0 30th September —

120 0 0 lft April - - 1770

300 0 0 15U1 L)J ——

50 0 0 Lilt October - 1774

50 0 0; ) lft January - 1775

100 0 0 lit April - - —

0 0' ill April - - 1776

20 0 0 | lft October - 1784

20 0 0

80 0 0 lft July - - - 1783

5° 0 0 21ft June - - 1789

121 13 4 lft October - 1785

1,000 0 0 7th April - - 1789

273 J5 0 lft July 1789

200 0 0 lit January -- 1791

70 0 0 - - D* -

150 0 0 lit October - —

60 0 0 - - D° -

5° 0 0 - - D° -

50 0 0 - - D° -

50 0 0 - - D° -

106 0 0 - - I)° -

4° 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 ill July - - 1776

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - Dtf -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° - - , -

6 0 0 - - D° -

6 0 0 - - D° -

PENSION EllS NAMlilS.

Bichani Dtfty, Efy

George EftiI of Belvidere - '

4darriet Powd.: ——

Mrs. Elizabeth Croffiie, Wife of William Ar Crosbie, Esq. Miss Caroline Webster - - - - -

Addition ——

The Honourable William Cockayne and Barbara his Wife George Hepeulial, Esq. -

George Paine ——

Elizabeth Marlay -

Catherine Marlay: - , - , -

Henry Duke LoftUs ——

Arthur Loftus - - , -

William Thomas Loftus - - . - -

Mary Anpe VII’counteis Molesworth -

Eranees Y'ifcountess Alien -

Addition -

William Bellew, Esq. ——

Addition - -

William Talbot, Esq;,id trust fo& Jane Stanley, for her foie and separate

... Ufa -v ,- - - - -; . - - - , .-

John Knox< Esq.i.- - -* - - , -

Jacob de Bwde,.Esq. -

Michael Murphy, Esq. - -

Thomas Stcumus and Caroline his Wife, and.Survivor f - {... -

Sir iloyb Riorhe, Bart, and Dame Mary Roche his Wife, and Surviyor Mis* Catherine Mason, Wife of the Right lion. John Monck Mason MaryAnn^KnoxwSpinster - - 1 -

Anne Burgh, Wife oL Thomas Burgh, Esq, - , -

TKlwabethiYJitfebel* Daughter of Hugh Henry Mitchel, E(jq. ( - -

Alicia Hami}ioo* Widow. ——

•John, Nhok, Efcp — - «* - - '

John Baron D^Bfeqftfere, K.B^r -* e '/ 4.; - -

PENSION F. R S wljo have not served, and Officers Widows and Children, under the Head of

... -CHARITY.

Julia Bloftet, 3 Shillings per diem

Julia de Villette - * - - -; -

MILITARY PENSIONS:

Mrs. Jane Stewart -

lieutenant Thomas Sfanus ——

Addition - . *t- - ... ——

Mrs. Anne Cliffe -

Anne and Helena Lynden -

Edward Candler - -

Elizabeth Wemyfs -

Elizabeth Lambert - -

Sarah Turner ——

Era. Pierard ——

John Townfend - . -

Major Edward Goodenough - . -

James Atkinson, Esq. in trust fur

Major George Twifleton Ridsdale and Elizabeth his Wife, and Survivor Major George T. ltidfdale, Addition - - - -• ,-

McledYth Jenkin ——

Charles Francis Sheridan, Esq. W

Laurence Parlhns, Esq. - £ -

LTfula Richardlon, Wujow -

Elizabeth Picard, in trust for her Children ——

Lieutenant Colonel John Meicier - - -■ -!

Adjutant John Stracie - - - -<

Olivia Cuthbcrtlbn - , -

Juliana Cuthbertfon - . - - ..

Catherine Cuthbertfon ——

June lljgot - ——

Era. MTJowell -

Corporal James Barton John Hall ——

Ed ward Dow lev h»im Walker -" -John Matters -

Charles Roberts -Stephen Duhfee - - -(Vrpoxal James Kelly S- i>ant Thomas Lealhei Thomas Brittle - -aWilliam Jvni.<.: . - ' John* ItehdEfun -

- Jatli Foot -

land

57^1

d-d

53<i

15 th

37JH

53d"*

‘>8th

54th

btith

Term.

,ives of Jane, Richerda, Mary, Frances, Charlotte, Richard, Joseph, and Cuth* bert Daly, his Children.

Life.

Pleasure.

Life.

Pleasure.

The Life of Legh Hepenftal.

* - D°. Pleasure*

Her life.

Life.

Pleasure*

Their Lives. Life.

Pleasure.

Life of Sarah Graham, Spinster.

Lives of Elinor Baroneft De Blaquiere, and Anna Maria Blaquiere.

Pleafu

re-

Roden,

Audr Gen1.

44 Geo. III. Appendix; —-


An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £.650,000. (600,000. British) granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland; for the year 1803: with the Dates of their respective Payments.

1803: January 7.

febmary 2.

23d.

The Agents to the Aberdeen Fencibles, their Subsistence for 3! days, from 25th January 1803 to 24th February following -

Agents to the Fifeshire Fencibles, the like, lame time ——

Captain W. A. Sothehy, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, in full of his Contingent Accounts, for the following periods:

From 25th May 1801 to 30th Junk following - - - -.

lft October - to 24th December ——

25th Dec.-----to 24th March 1802 -

25th March 1802 to 24th June - , ——

Poundage, Hospital, and Pells Fee -

his General Account; viz.

Front lft April 1795 to 31ft March 1796 -lft April 1796 to 31ft March 1797 -

Agent to the Duke of York's Fencibles, the Balance due on their Supplementary Account with Government, from 1 April 1797 to 31 March 1798

Edward Connor; Clerk in the War Office, his additional Salary for one Quarter, to 24th December 1802 ——

Mere Allowance for executing the Duties appertaining to the provision and circulation ot Pay-Liti3, Adjutants PcCih, dec. for the Army in Ireland, and Recruiting Detachments, ior fame time . ——

Agents to the Aberdeen Fencibles, their Subsistence for 28 days, from 25th February 1803 to 24th March following ‘ - -

Agent to the Fifeshire Fencibles, the like, lame time -

Agents to the following Regiments of Fencibles, the Allowance to the Captains in lieu of Non-effedi\e l)i\id*nds. Contingent Mens Pay, See. pursuant to the Establishment, for the periods specified; viz.

Northumberland Fencibles, from 25th June 1802 to 25th August following

Caithnets Legion -Abedeen Angosshire~ -Cuithilels Highlanders -Duke of York’s Elgin ——

Frazer's -Manx - * -

Suffolk ----- D°

Du - - ‘ ’ - to lith September

D° - - - to 24th December

25th Dec. 1801 to 24th June 1802 23th June 1802 to 24th July -D* - - - to - D°

D° - to 24th September

25th Dec. 1801 to 24th June 25th June 1-802 to 8th July

Cheshire - . -

Devon and Cornwall Durham ——

Essex -

Northampton ——

Somerset -

Bredalbane - v -

Dumbarton - -

Argyleshire ——

Clanalpine -

Fifeshire Leicester -

Nottingham -

Princels Charlotte of Wales Reay -York -

Colonel Beckwith, Military Secretary

to 24th September

25th Dec. 1801 to 24th June I)* - - - - to D° -

D° - to 24th April 25th June 1802 to 24th July D* - - -D° - -

D° - -

D‘B - -

D° - -

D° - -

D° - -

D® - -

D° - -

- to U

- to D° -

- to D° ——

- to 24th September

- to D° -

- to 24th July

- to 25 th December

- to 24th September

- to 24th December 25th Dec. 1801 to 24th April 25th June 1802 to 24th September 25th Dec. 1801 to 24th June

General Sir William Meadows, on account of the Contingent Expences incidental to the Office of the Commander of the Forces, and for which he is to remain accountable - - * -

Major General Myers, on account of the Contingent Disbursements on the Public Services incidental to his Command in the Southern Distiift, and for which he is to remain accountable ——

I Lieutenant General Henry Johnson, in full discharge of his Supplementary Contingent Account with Government -

Agents to the follow ng Independent Captains, their Pay at 10s. a day each, for 91 days, to 24th December 1802; viz.

Captain Christ. Clafke - - -

- - - Pomonby Watts -

- - - St. George Irvin -

to

Agents to the followin and for maintaining

Regiments, the Amount of the Allowance to Paymasters Clerks, w Adjutants I lories; viz.

... Paymasters Clerks.

21ft Foot - - from 25th June - to 24th December 1802 £. 18 6 —

3 2 cl - - 186 —

71ft - 18 6 —

18th - - - 23th August to 1)° - - - 11 16

5 *13 6

- 3 16 5

due him on

- - 1,820 2 4

- - 3*252 12 6

£. s. <1.

018 6

22 12 6 25 5 — 16 17 6

25th August 25th May -25th August 25th June -

D® ’ '

Duke of York’s - - - D° - -

Manx- - I)° - -

Suffolk - D° - -

12th Dragoons -8gd Foot -Elgii^ Fencibles -Caithness Highlanders -

to 1)° to I)° to I)°

to 24th August -to 24th July to 24th August -to 24th July to 24th September

11

6

3

6

3.

9

16 — 2 —

2 —

£• 105 16 —

Agents to the Kilkenny Militia, for Watch Coats for said Regiment -Major Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, 183 days Bat and Forage Money, from 25th June to'24th December 180a ——

Adjut* Ilorfes. H 5 8f H 5 H 14 5 8

8 1+ 4^ 23 3 8

8 14

4 15 3* 2 6 10A

4 *5

2 6 10^ 7 2 2l

I04 l6 2

1,291 — 5 1,355 17 3

69 9 ii

5,072 14 10

- - - 557 19 8

15 — —

37 10 —

Gross 55 11 1

1,163 1 —

"* 1,211

- 75 12 5i

- - - 97 18 9i

- - - 296 17 6

« - - _ 226 5 —

- - - 56 6 1 2

- - - 48 16 1 2

- - - 114 1 a

_ - - 226 5 —

- - - 22 15 si

- - 114 1

- - - 226 5 —

226 5 —

- - 150 1 i

- - - 37 3 10

- - - 37 3 K>

- - - 37 3 IO

- - - 48 16 —i

- - - 114 1 i|

- - - - 149 13 2

- - - 56 6 -i

- - - 296 17 6

- - - 114 1 *1'

. - 226 5 —

- - - 196 16 72

- - 149 13 2

- - 342 10 -

- - - 200 — —

- 200 — —

945 13 / 2

45 10 —'

45 10 —

45 10 —

126 10 —

210 12 * 860-----

5418 —

Append)*,' (No. 47.) 90 Mqii.

Appendix.

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No* 47.)

9* Maii,

continued«

7<24

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000, lrish Currency—continued.

1803: February 23.

March 2.

23-

Major Swann, Deputy Town Major of Dublin, 183 days Bdt and Forage Money, from 25th June to 24th December 1802 - . -

Agents to the following Persons, 183 days Bdt and Forage Money, from 25th June to 24th December 1802; viz;

Sir William Meadows, Commander of tha Forets -Colonel Anllrutber, Adjutant General ——

Colonel Freeman, Deputy Barrack Mailer General

Lieutenant Colonel Tytler, AiMant Adjutant General - -

Lieutenant Colonel Stewart - - - D°

Captain Reid, Provost Martial General - J ——

Doflot Trevor, Ilospital Apothecary - - - - , -

Captain C. W. Le Geyt, his Pay as an Independent Captain, at 10#. a day;

91 days, to 24th December 1802 - -

Agents to the Cavan Militia, on account of Contingencies of said Regiment, to the period of its Diibandment -

Agent to the 67th Foot, an Advance on the Hospital Account of said Regiment Agents to the following Regiments, on account of the Medical Expenditure of said Regiments, for 3 months, to 24th March 1803:

16th Foot - - - . -

3*d ......

38th -

45th , - ......

50th - , -

Queen's German Regiment -

Agents to the 6th Dragoon Guards, on account of the accruing Medical Expences of laid Corps, for the current Half Year - -

Agents to the 17th Foot, the Amount of the Medical Expenditure of said Regiment, from 25th August to 24th December 1802 -

Major General Cradock, Quarter Mailer General, 183 days Bdt and Forage due him, from 25th June to 24th December 1802, he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty’s Magazines ——

Captain Myers, Assistance Adjutant General, the like, fame time -Lieutenant Burton, Afiitiant Deputy in Adjutant General's Office, the like, fame time Mr. McManus, Aflillant in the Commander of the Forces Office, the like, lame time Agents to the Queen’s County Militia, the full Allowance of Bdt and Forage due three Subalterns of said Regiment, for Campaign 1800, omitted in a former Eftiniate, at £>12. 10. each - -

16.

Agents to the following Regiments, the Expence of Pay Lids, from 25th June to 24th December 1802:

3d Dragoons -

4th Dragoon Guards -

9th Dragoons -

16 th Dragoons -

44th Foot -

62d - -

Essex Fencibles - -

Northampton - - - - ‘

Somerset -

Agents to the Aberdeen Fencibles, their Subsistence, pursuant to Establishment, for 31 days, from 25th March to 24th April 1803, inclusive - - - - Fife Fencibles, the like, fame time ——

Charles Handfield, Esq. Commiflkry General, to enable him to defray the extra Price of Forage supplied under Contrails to the several Regiments of Cavalry following, from 25th December 1802 to 24th January 1803, both inclusive:

4th Dragoon Guards -

6th - ...... -

3d Dragoons -

9th Light D° -

12th -

16th ...... -

21ft ——

Lieutenant Colonel Edward McDonnell, 183 days Bdt and Forage due him, from 25th June to 24th December 1802, as Assistant Adjutant General, he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty’s Magazines -

Brigade Major Lieutenant Thomas Woolridge, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account, for the Periods following:

From 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802 - -

25th March 1802 to 24th June -

Brigade Major Captain J. Williamson, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802 -

Captain (Lieutenant Colonel) Blaquiere, his Pay as an Independent Captain, at 10*. a day; 91 days, to 24th December 1802 -

Agents to the 9th Dragoons, the Amount of Medical Expences of said Regiment, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802, and from 24th June to 24th December 1802 ......

Captain Lord Lindsay, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account with Government, for the following Periods:

From 25th June to 30th September 1801 ——

ill 06lober to 24th December -25 th December 1801 to 24th March 1802

25th March to 24th June ——

Poundage, Hospital, and Pells

Agents to the 89th Regiment, on the Contingent Account of said Regiment, to 24th December 1802

Hon. Colonel Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to enable him to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for the Quarter ending 24th March 1803 . ......

s. d.

457 1° — 109 16 — 50 6 6

54 18 — 54 —

18 6 —

50

50

50

50

50

SO

3 3 ii

3 3 ij

4 16 io| * 7 4

5 — 58-

— 18 —

— 18 —

— 18 —

128 17 10J 334 17 7 346 —

237 1

230 7 53 »8 208 8

si

11 i

3

9i

60 17

65 —

3i

14 12 —

31 17 6

33 15 —

34 10 —

114 14 6

6 13 6J

£. «. d. 54 *8 —

745 »4

18 6 —

45 10 —

46 6 —

loo-----

300-----

40-----

101 4 f

*37 5 — 54 18 — 18 6 — 18 6 —

37 10 —

*7—5

1,33* I. 7 »,374 7 3i

1,539 »* —

54 *8 —

1*5 17 Si 37 *• Si 45 10 —

*44 *9 *1 '

Ml 8 —I 133 6

200 -

44 Geo. III.

Appendix

725

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irirti Currency—continued.

J803: March 23.

30<

April 7.

Brigade Major Sandys, on account of the Subsistence of Soldiers belonging to Regiments on the British Establishment, for which he is to remain accountable -Captain John Blaqtfiere, foie Executor to the Will of his late Father, Colonel James Blaquiere, being his (Colonel Blaquiere’s) Subsistence as Captain of an Independent Company, from 24th December 1802 to 6th February 1803, the day he died, inclusive -

Gasper Erck, Esq. to reimburse the Clerks in the Military Department of the Chief Secretary's Office, for their Labour and Pains on account of the great Increase of Business in said Office ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, the Sum necessary to be issued to defray the extra Price of Forage supplied under Contracts to Regiments of Cavalry, between 25th January and 24th February 1803, both inclusive -More, on account of the Expence of the Commissariat Establishment, for the Quarter ending 24th December 1803 ——

Captain French, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, 183 days Bit and Forage due him, from 25th June to 24th December 1802, he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty’s Magazines ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary' General, on account of the extra Expences of the Commiflfariat Department ——

Agent to the Fife Fencibles, the Amount of their Estimate of the Money which will be required on the Dilbandment of said Fencibles (£.1,060. 6 s. the Amount of Compensation in lieu of Cloathing to be paid to the Men on the Difbandment) to be deducted from their Off-reckonings for the current Year; viz.

2 Months Subsistence to one Colonel, including Warrant Men (91 days)

1 Lieutenant Colonel - D° -

3 Months Subsistence to 10 Li

1 1 1 u 0 •z~> s 0* -

7 Captains ——

10 Li itenants - (91 days)

5 Ensigns - - D° -

1 Paymaster - D° -

1 Adjutant - - - D° -

1 Quarter Mailer - D° -

1 Surgeon - - - D° -

1 Assistant - - - D° -

28 Serjeants - - (28 days)

- - - D°

£. s. d.

3/6 8 5

* 546 7 7

22 Drummers - - D° -491 Rank and File - D° -

On account of 3 Months Half-yearly Allowances, to 24th March 1803 - -

On account of Compensation in lieu of Cloathing, for 12 Months, to 38 Serjeants, at £.3. 12*. each; and 513 Drummers and Rank and File, at £. K 16#. each

Agents to the Aberdeen Fencibles, their Estimate of Sums necessary to be advanced to said Regiment previous to its being disbanded; viz.

1 Colonel and 10 Warrant Men - - - (61 days)

I Lieutenant Colonel - -- D#-1 Major ----- - D°-

6 Captains, t Captain as Paymaster - - D° -ti Lieutenants - -- - (92 days)

3 Ensigns ----- - D°-

1 Quarter Mallei - -- - D°-

1 Adjutant - -- -- - D° -1 Assistant Surgeon - -- D°-

1 Paymaster - -- -- D°-

805 16 4

(The Surgeon holding a Regimental Commission)

2 Staff Surgeons 1 Paymaster's Clerk - -30 Serjeants ——

30 Corporals ——

22 Drummers ——

432 Privates ——

(28 days) D* -D° -D° -D° -D* -

10 Captains Contingent Men, from 25th December 1802 to 24th April 1803 10 Ditto - Half-yearly Allowances, at £. 20. per annum, fame time

Part of the Affigtmient that will be due 24th December 1803, for 33 Serjeants, at £. 3. 128. per man; and 484 Corporals, Drummers, and . Privates, at £.1. 16s. 6d. -

Agents to the following Regiments, the full Off-reckonings due said Regiments, for 365 days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, both indufive: Aberdeen Fencibles -

Fifeshire ——

Brigadier General Faine, as Remuneration for the Loss sustained by him in his sudden Removal from his Command at Clonmell to that of the Limerick District, and to enable him to carry on the very oeceflary Civil Duties required of him to the advantage of the Public - - - . -

Brigade Major Coulson, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account, for (he periods specified:

From 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802 - -

25th March to 24th June 1802 - -

Captain Alexander Mackay, as Deputy Judge Advocate at a General Court Martial, from the 20th September 1802 to 24th following; as also from 20th October 1802 to the 29th following ——

Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, 183 days But and Forage due him, from 25th June to 24th December 1802, he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty's Magazines ——

Lieutenant D’Anvers, Assistant Deputy in Quarter Mailer General's Office, the like, fame time ——

Doctor Renny, Director General of Hospitals, 182 days B&t and Forage, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 inclusive -

More, 183 days, from 25th June to 24th December 1802, he not having drawn Forage from his Majesty's Magazines - - - ......

1,728 12 4 ,50-----

1,060 6 —

£. s. d.

30 -

22-----

43o 6 9

1,5(24 2* —I 3,000-----

54 »8 —

10,000 " —

Appendix,

(No. 47 )

9* Maii,

continued.

83 12 6

48 10 ll

42 19 1

172 6 6

286 14 8

63 8 —

26 1 4

*3 — —

20 14 —

69 - —

5 15 6

2 13 9

65 12 6

49 *7 6

35 5 10

604 16 —

90 »5 —

66 13 4

2,476 16 7

2,476 l6 7

47 5 —.

55 4 4?

VOL. 59.

2,938 ts 4

636 7

763 u t

»57 8 4

1,002 2 —

4v953 23 * 500-----

102 9 4I

36 2 2f

50 6 6 18 6 —* 18 4 — 18 fl —

8 Y

Appendix.

Appendix, (£Jo. 47.) 9* M

continued.

m

— k

A: 1804.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: April 7*

27-

May 4.

Agents to the following Independent Captains, the Amount of their Pay, from 24th December 1802 to 25th March 1803; viz.

Captain S* Geo. Irwin -

- - Christr Clarke -

- - Pon^ Watts - - , -

Edward Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War Office, his additional Salary and Allowance, for 3 Months, to 29th March 1803; viz.

Additional Salary -

For executing the Duties appertaining to the Provision and Circulation of the Pay Lilts, Adjutants Rolls, and General States, required for the use of the several Regiments and Recruiting Detachments in Ireland

Colonel the Hon. George Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, being the Amount of the Increase of Salary to himself and the Officers of his Department, including the Salaries of those added to the Establishment, from iff January to 24th March 1803 inclusive; vi2.

Colonel the Hon. George Napier Robert Barry, Assistance Comptroller John Boyce, fenr, Accountant

11.

Samuel James - - - iff; Clerk -

Henry Beaumont ---2d. -

Thomas Ferrall - - - 3d

Arthur Dunn - - - - 4th -

John Boyle, jun* - - - 5th -

Michael Howard - - - 6th -

Michael Kelly - - - - 7th -

Robert Thompson - - - 8th -

George Oakley - - - 9th -

George Dunn - - - - 10th -

George Whitaker, junr - 11th -

Francis Wemyfs - - - 12th -

Thomas Green - - - 13th -

Jacob Wanty - - - - 14th -

John Paul ----- 15th - -

Robert Younger - - - 16th ——

Robert McCub - - - - 17th -

George Whitaker, fenr - 18th -

Richard Ferrall - - - 19th -

William Owens - - - 20th -

Agents to the Tipperary Militia, the Amount of a Cheque, now removed, on the Sub-iistence of Lieutenant Colonel Pennefather of said Regiment, from 13th May 1801 to 24th March 1802 -

Major General Myers, on account of the Disbursements incidental to his Command in the Southern District -

Captain Lord Lindsay, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, from 24th June to 29th September 1802 -The Hon. Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Gore, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, from 25th June to 24th September 1802 -

Major Thomas Huxley, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, fame time Brigade Major Sandys, his Salary for receiving Reports of Prisoners for the following periods; viz. from 25th September to 24th December 1802, 91 days, at io«. per 25th December to 25th March 1803 -

Agents to the following Regiments, the Expence of vPay Lifts and Adjutants Rolls, for the several Regiments in their Agency, between the 25th December 1801, and the 24th December 1802, as follows:

21ft Dragoons -

24th ......

16th Foot - - - - -e

38th - - ... -

3*d - ....

45th -

50th - -' ——

72d ——

89th -

92d -

Queen's German Regiment -

Aberdeen Fencibles -

Argyle ...... -

Clanalpine ——

Fife -

Leicester -

Princds Charlotte of Wales ——

Nottingham -

Reay ——

Tay

York ......

Antrim Militia -

Cavan - -

Clare ——

Dublin City -

King's County -

Kildare -

Louth ——

Leitrim -

Londonderry ——

Limerick City -

Mayo, North - -- -- -v-

Queen’s County -

Tipperary ——

Invalids - -

Agents to the following Persons, the amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, from 25th June to 24th September 1802; vis.

Major General Edward Morrison

- - - - - E. P. Trench ——

Brigadier General W. Payne

£. i. d.

45-----

45-----

45-----

15-----

37 —

115

46

*15

11 10 11 10 11 10 6 18

4

6

4

4

4

7

7

7

7

6J

6~

6h

6

6,

4

2i

12 18 12 12 12 2 2 2 2

20 15 18 8 10] 18 8 10

13 12 13 12 13 12 13 12

4

2ii

2

2:

3

3

3

3

*J

8|

45 10 —

45 — —

10 7 1

8 2 —

10 16 —

10 16 —

5 8 —

7 4 —

6 6 —

10 16 —

4 10 —

4 10 —

1 16 —

10 16 —

8 2 —

6 6 —

10 16 —

8 2 —

3 12 —

10 16 —

8 2 —

— 18 —

5 8 —

3 18 10

3 7 10

3 7 9

3 18

3 18 10

3 7 10

4 4 5

3 7 9

4 10 —

3 7 10

3 13 4

3 7 9j

4 10 —

6 2 —

189 7 61

171 17 —

M3 8 4*

135-----

52 10 —

4*4 3 1

251 8 9

500-----*

34 i°.—

34 i° — 34 * —

90 10 —

208 12 2$

504 12 11

Googh

44 Geo. III.

Appqndix;

727

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: May 11.

18.

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, for the periods specified; viz.

Major General, Sir Charles Itols, from 25th June to 24th September 1802 -

Brigadier General, Edward Dunne - - - D° -

Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel R. Anstruther, from 25th April to D° -

Adjutant General George Stewart, from 25th June to 24th July 1802 -

Ditto P. Tytler, from 25th March to 24th May 1802 -

More, from 25th August to 24th September 1802 -

Deputy Quarter Matter General, Col. J. Brownrigg, from 25th June to Ditto

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, from 25th June to 24th September 1802; viz.

Brigadier General G. V. Hart -

Deputy Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond -

Aflifrant D°, Captain C. Myers -

Brigade Major, Captain William Sandys -

Captain W. V. Hompefch, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, from the 26th June to the 24th September 1802 ——

Captain W. A. Southeby; Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Balance due on his

Contingent Account with Government, from 25th June to 24th September 1802 -Captain Alexander Gordon, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, fame time Captain Forller Coulson, Brigade Major, the like, lame time -

Lieutenant Colonel the Hon. J. Gore, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 -

Major Thomas Huxley, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, fame time Lieutenant 11. D. Anvers, Deputy A (Tistant in the Quarter Master General's Office, his Pay for 91 days, to 24th December 1802, at 5$. per day -More, from 25th December 1802 to j4th March 1803, 90 days, at 5 s. per iMeffrs Armit and Borough, Agents, being the Pay due Adjutant Greuber of the late Drogheda Militia, from lft October j8oo to 19th January 1801, at 4\8. per day -Major Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, being the Quarter Master General's Estimate of B&t and Forage, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both days inclusive, he not having drawn Forage from his Majesty's Magazines -Major Swan, Deputy Town Major of Dublin, the Quarter Master General's Estimate of B&t and Forage, for laid time, he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty's Magazines ——

Lieutenant T. M. Hall, Aftiltant Deputy Quarter Master General, the Amount of his Contingent with Government, from 25th June to 24th September 1802 Lieutenant IT An vers. Deputy AlTistant in Quarter Master General's Office, 90 days Bat and Forage Money, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 Doctor Renny, Director General of Hospitals, 90 days Bftt and Forage Money, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -

Colonel Handheld, CommilTary General, to defray the Extra Price of Forage for the following Regiments, between 25th February and 24th March 1803, both days inclusive; viz.

4th Dragoon Guards -

6th D° ......

3d Dragoons ——

9th ......

12th ——

16th - , - - r

21ft ——

£• s. d.

124 11 8

161 9 2

19 10 —

0 11 6

3 8 —

5 5 11

34 10 —

55 15

34 10 —

*3 —

61 74

Captain William Le Gevt, Captain of an Independant Company, his Pay at 10*. a day, 90 days, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on further account of the Expences of fa id Department -

Captain W. V. Hompefch, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 - -

Captain Alexander Gordon, Aiddc Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, fame time, The Agents to the Reduced Officers of the late Corps of Invalids, being, with the Sum of £.600, advanced on Account oi the above Service, on the 24th December last, in full of the Sum due laid Officers for the following periods, pursuant to Establishment, and including the usual rate of \gency, at 2d. per Pound; viz.

1802

Captain Hugh Magennis, 181 days, to 24th March 1803 -

D° - - Robert Browne. 91 days, to 24th December 1802 -

Captain Thomas Bullcn, 91 days, to 24th December 1802 -

Andrew M'Nevin D° -

P. D. Fellowes - D° -

Lieutenant Steele, 181 days, from 25th September 1802 to 24th March 1803 -Orange Sterling, 91 days, 1)° to 24U1 December 1802 -

John Pearce, fame time - - 25 19

Deduct 2 s. 4 d. per day, chequed by order of Government 10 12

John Thompson, fame time -

J. A. Benton-----])° - -

D. Cole mm-----D°

Ensign r. Godfrey, 181 days, from 25th September 1802 to 24th March 1803 J. Cattle, fame time -

J. McCann, 91 days, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 Thomas McI)ermott, fame time - '

Thomas Holmes - — D°

Robert Taggart - - - D°

Dedud the Sum advanced -

The. lion. Colonel Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to enable him to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingencies of his Office, for the Quarter ending 24th June 1803 ——

118 5—1

300 1 llj

314 14 6j 173 10 215 7 58 15 ii 186 3 3 jf

89 11 7

- 135 11 3i

_ 68 3

68 3 ii

_ 68 3

- 68 3

51 12 H

- 25 19 2j

4

4

15 6 io|

25 19 4

- 95 19 2 J

- 25 19 4

- 42 10 H

42 10 4

- 21 7 5-i

- 21 7 5 J

21 7 si

- 21 7 si

£■ ' 839 2 -i

600 — —

Appendix*

(No. 47.)

continued.

351 0 3

175 4 9i

28 12 6

31 17 6

34 10 — 57 7 3

34 2 6 34 2 6

22 15 — 22 10 —

22-----

27-----

27-----

23-----

9-----

9-----

1,366 17

45-----

10,000 — —

25 10 —-34 6

239 2 — J

72S

Appendix. A. 1804i

Appendix, (No. 47.) 9° Maii%

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803 3 June l*

*5-

22.

July 2,

Captain W. A. Sotheby, Aid de Camp to the lord Lieutenant, the Balance due him on his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 -

Colohel Beckwith, Military Secretary to General Sir William Meadows, on account of the Contingent Expences incident to his Command -

The Agents to the following Persons, being Quarter Matter General's Estimate of Bttt and Forage, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive, they not having drawn Forage from His Majesty's Magazines, and will not make Charges thereof in their Contingent Accounts; viz.

Commander of the Forces, General Sir William Meadows Adjutant General, Colonel Anttruther -

Deputy Barrack Matter General, Colonel Freeman Allistant Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Tytler -1>J - - - Lieutenant Colonel Stewart -Provost Mattial General, Captain Reed -

Attittant Adjutant General,. Lieutenant Colonel E. M‘Donnell -Jleflrs. Cane and Son, on account of the Expence of Pay Lifts furnished the Regiments in their Agency, to 24th December 1802; viz.

36th Foot, from 25th August to 24th December 1802 -46th - - from 25th December 1801 to D°

58th - - from 11th February 1802 to D®

General Sir William Meadows, K. B. Commander of the Forces, the amount of 69 days B&t and Forage Money, from 25th March to the lft June 1803, both days inclusive -

Agents to the following Persons, being the Quarter Matter General's Estimate of B&t and Forage, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive, they not having drawn Forage from His Majesty's Magazines, and will not make Cheques thereof in their Contingent Accounts; viz.

Attittant Adjutant General, Captain Myers -

Attittant Deputy in Adjutant General’s Office, Lieut. Burton

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commiftary General, on account of the extra Expence of the Commissariat Department ——

Agents to the late Pembroke Fencible Dragoons, in part of £.2,805. 19. 3. the Amount of 449 days Off-reckonings for said Regiment, which the said Agents have been permitted to charge in the final Account of said Regiment; said Sum to be repaid when the Account of said Regiment shall be finally settled ... Captain J. French, Attittant Deputy to the Quarter Matter General, the Amount of his1 Contingent Account with Government, from 25th June to 24th September 1802 More, being the Quarter Matter General's Estimate of B&t and Forage, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive, he hot having drawn Forage from His Majesty’s Magazines, and will not make Charge thereof in his Contingent Account ——

Agents to the following Regiments, on account of their Medical Expences; vie.

36th Foot -

46th Foot -

58th Foot -

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts, from 25th September to 24th December 1802; viz.

Major General Edward Morrison

- - - - E. P. Trench -

Brigadier General W. Payne -

Lieutenant J. M. Hall, Attittant Quarter Matter General, the Amount of his Contingent Account, fame time ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, to defray the extra Expence of Forage supplied under Contracts to the Regiments of Cavalry following, between 25th March and 24th April 1803, inclusive; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th ——

6th ......

3d Dragoons -

9th Light D° ——

12 th ...... -

16 th ...... -

2lft ——

More, for the like, between the 25th April and 24th May 1803; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th D° - -

3d Dragoons -

9th Light D° -12th - -

16th -

17th -

21ft -

Agents to the following Regiments, to enable them to defray the Expence of B agage on the intended Change of Quarters; viz.

56th Foot ——

89th: ......

18th

71ft

8-id

Cork City Militia Monaghan

16th Foot

32d -

38th

50th

15-----

191 4 3 \

225 —

54 —

»4 15 27 — 27 — 9 —

3 12 10 16 9 18

27 — 9 —

50-----

50-----

50-----

366 15 —* 27-----

24 6 — 172 10 —

188 5 2 178 16 6 137 *9 I*

36-----

16,000-----

950 -

1 6 7*

97-----

150-----

505 1 7

99 >5 —.

35 + 6 129 8 6^ 305 — 5 28+ 1 44

*77 >+ —i

223 15 loj

73 >5 9i

202 8 3

306 19 —I 5+ 10 6

161 ] 10

*7+

307

* -J

5 3i 5 3i 9?

98 8 81

202 10 4J

97-----

105-----

97

168

94

119

190

94

188

172

70

L431 8

M*5 3 *2

909 -----1

668 -

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

729

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803:;

July 2.

Agents to the following Regiments, to enable them to defray the Expence of Baggage on the intended Change of Quarters; viz. 1

45th Foot -

72d ——

79th - "

90th ......

93d - ......

96 th ——

4th Garrison Battalion -

Antrim Militia ——

Cavan ——

Clare ——

Dublin City ——

Kildare ——

King's County ——

Leitrim ——

' Limerick City ——

Londonderry -

Louth - - .

Mayo, North - - - - * -

Queen's County ——

Tipperary ——

36th Foot

58th ——

67th -

Down, South, Militia Mayo, South -Waterford

44-th Foot 6 id -

Cork,.South, Militia -Fermanagh Galwayr -Kilkenny

Meath -

Tyrone -

Westmeath Wicklow -

Cork, North Donegal -Kerry Wexford -

Carlow

Dublin County

Jtofcoxnmon

Sligo

Limerick County 9th Foot -17 th

Longford Militia

Armagh

Agents to the following Regiments, their Amount of Off-reckonings for 365 days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, indufive; viz.

Donegal Militia -

Wexford ——

N. Cork ——

Down, South

Fermanagh

Wicklow

Cork City Monaghan

South Mayo Militia Waterford

Antrim C avail Clare

Dublin City Kildare

King s County -Leitrim -Limerick City -Londonderry Louth

North Mayo Queen's County Tipperary

Longford -

North Down - - - % -

Limerick County ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of the extra Expences of the Commissariat Department ——

Brigade Major Sandys, his Salary for receiving Reports of Prisoners, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, at io*. per day -

131

62 40 298 129’ 70

141 105

76

56

68

113

94

137

76

223

142 58

121

84

*<53

139

94

100

170

90

105

112

84

128

196

145

145

135

43

76

81

H3

120

215

98

>43

165

100

86

224

>53

3.200 14 11

3.200 14 11 2,565 10 5

1.930 6 —

1.930 6 —

>,930 6 —

2.565

2.565

10

10

2,247 18

2,565 10

2.565

D930

1.930

2.565

1.930

2.565

1.930

1.930

3.200 2,883

2,247

1.930

3.200

S

—I

-I

5

-f

5

to 6 6 10 6 10 6 6 — >4 11 2 8

18 3

6 —i

14 11

Appendix,

. __ (No. 47

*. d. '9° Matt,

continued.

2,748 _ —

865 — —

1,169-----

559-----

5o6-----

,22-----

463-----

U8-----

8<967 — 3

5,790 18 1$

5,131 — IO

4,813 8

30,810 18 4 l,93 6 —I 1.93® 6 —

»,565 10 S

10,000-----

45-----*

VOL. 59.

8 Z

T30

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix, (No. 47.) 9* Maii, continued.

Ireland.—rAccount of the Distribution of £. 650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803:

July 9.

20.

27th.

August 3.

10.

Agents to the following Independant Captains, the amount of their Pay for 92 days, from 25th March to 24th June 1803, at 10$. a day each:

Captain St. George Irwin - - - - * -

- - - Watts ...... -

- - Clarke -

Ensign Philip Godfrey, his full Pay and Allowance as a Reduced Officer of the late Corps of Invalids, pursuant to Establishment, for 92 days, from 25th March to 24th June 1803, inclusive - t A

Colonel Hu. Magennis, the like, fame time -

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts, from 25th September to 24th December 1802; viz.

Major General Sir Charles Ross -

Brigadier General Edw. Dunne -

Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel R. Anstruther Assistance D° - - Lieutenant Colonel P. Tytler -

Deputy Quarter Mailer General, Colonel T. Brownrigg -

Brigade Major, Captain F. Coulson, fame time - -

Major General r^r J. 1. Cradock, K. B. Quarter Mailer General, being his Estimate of b&t and Forage, from 25 th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive, he not having drawn Forage from FI is Majesty’s Magazines, and will not make Charge the,eot in his Contingent Account -

Gasper Eirk, Ftq. to reimhurle the Clerks in the Military Department of the Chief Secretary s Office, for the.r labour and pains on account of the great Increase of Business in laid t ffice ——

The Hon. George Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, his increased Salary, and that of the leverai Otficeis of his Department, for one Quarter to 24th June 1803; viz.

Hon. George Napier, Comptroller * -

Robert Barry, Atlillant D° - -

John Boyce, femor Accountant -

Samuel James - - lit Clerk -

llcniv Beaumont - 2d -Tlmmas Ferrall - 3d -

Arthur Dunn - - 4th -

John Boyce, jun. - 5th -

Michael Howard - 6th -

Michael Kelly - 7th - - -'

Robert Thompson - 8th - -' -

George Oakley - 9th -

George Dunn - 10th -

George \\ hi taker - nth -

Francis Wernyfs - 12th -

Thomas Green - 13th -

Jacob Wanty - 14th -

John Paul - - 15th -

Robert Younger - 16th -

Robert M^ubbin - 17th -

GeorgeWhitaker,jun. 18th -

Richard Ferrall - 19th ——

William Owens - 20th ——

Agent to the following Regiments, 365 days Off-reckoning due said Regiments, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802; viz.

Meath Militia - - - - -. -

Kilkenny -

Cork, South -

Tyrone - - - - . -

Dublin County Carlow

* A gent to the Down North Militia, to enable them to defray the Expence of Baggage on the intended change of Quarters -

Doctor Trevor, Hospital Apothecary, 90 days B&t and Forage Money, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -

Ensign John CaiHe, his full Pay and Allowance as a Reduced Officer of the late Corps of Invalids, pursuant to the Establishment, for 92 days, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 ——

Agent to the Armagh Militia, 365 days Off-reckonings, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, both inclusive -

Westmeath Militia, the like, fame time -

Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, on account of the extra Expences of the Commissariat Department ——

Agent to the Galway Militi^ the Amount of their Off-reckonings, for 365 day9, from 25th December i8orto 24th December 1802, both inclusive -Agent to the following Regiments, being the sum necessary (as stated by the Commissary General) to defray the extra Price of Forage for such Horses of said Regiments as have been removed to Quarters where no Forage Contracts have been entered into; via.

17th Light Dragoons 21ft

Colonel Beckwith, Military Secretary to the Commander of the Forces, on account of the Contingent Expences incidental to the Office of the said Commander William Brown, Esq. General Agent, on account of Pay and other Services for the Royal Army of lteferve; as follows:

Pay ......

Beer Money ——

Recruiting - - _ - -

Contingencies -

£* s. d.

46-----

46-----

46-----

23» 19 f! >58 5 2

17 19 —

8 17 11J 60 16 6

125-----

50-----

125-----

12 i* — 12 10 — 12 10 — 10 —

jo' —

*4

H

H

M

22 10 —

20-----

20-----

H 15 9 *4 15 9 H 15 9 H 15 9

2,55 1° 5 2,^65 10 5

2,565 10 5 3,200 14 11

L930

1,930

6 — 6 —

720

50

0,200 800 4

3,4oo

2,960

£. 9. d.

138 —

21 12 68 18 1]

477 si

53 l 9$

67 10 — 430 6 9

525 -

10,897 6 2

3,860 12 — 107 — — 9-----

21 12 if

2.565 10 5 i>§3° 6 —

10,000-----

3,200 14 11

770

150

16,360-----

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

731

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000* Irish Currency—continued.

1803: August 10.

August 17.

*4-

Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, to defray the extra Price of Fdragfc, fiipplied under Contrails, from 25th May to 24th June 1803, exclusive; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th ......

3d Dragoons -

12 th Light D° -

16th ——

17th -

21ft ......

Agents to the 2d Dragoon Guards, being the sum necessary (as stated by the Commis-lhry General) to enable them to defray the extra Price of Forage, for such Hories of said Regiment as have been removed to Quarters where no Forage Contracts have been entered into ——

More-being to defray the extra Expence of Foraging the Horses of the 2d Dragoon Guards at Livery on the March, between 13th April and 24th June 1803 -

Agents to the following Regiments, being the sum necessary (as Rated by the Com-nnflary General) to defray the extra Price of Forage for such Horses of said Regiments as have been removed to Quarters where no Forage Contracts have been entered into:

4th Dragoon Guards -

3d Dragoons ——

16th Light Dragoons ——

12th

The Commissioners of the Board of Works, to be by them applied in payment of the several Tradesmen and Artificers Bills, and other Charges for Military Offices without fide the Caltle of Dublin, for the Half-year, to 5th April 1803 -

More---for the like, for the Quarter, to 5th July 1803 ——

Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, being the Quarter Mailer General's Estimate of Bat and Forage, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803, both inclusive; he not having drawn Forage from His Majesty's Magazines, and will not make Charges thereof in his Contingent Account -

Mr. MEYlanus, Aililtant Deputy in the Commander of the' Forces' Office, the like, fame time ——

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts, from 25th September to 24th December 1802; viz.

Brigadier General, G. V. Hart ——

Deputy Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel W. Raymc Aililtant Ditto, Captain C. Myers - -

Brigade Major, Captain W. Sandys -

Captain Le Geyt, his Pay as an Independent Captain, for 92 days, from 25th March to 24th June 1803, at 10 s. a day ——

Edward Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War Office, for the following purposes:

Three Months additional Salary, to 24th June 1803 -

Allowance for exercising the Duties appertaining to the provision and circulation of the Pay Lifts, Adjutants Rolls, Sec. for the use of the Army upon the Establishment of Ireland, for the fame period -

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on account of the extra Expences of his Department -

Richard Baily, Ffq. from the War Office in England, in reimbursement of his Expences for his Services during the time he remained here, in aflitling to establish the definable object of afiimilating the Arrangement which has been adopted in this Kingdom, for the future controul of Regimental Expenditure ——

Galper Erck, Esq. on account of the Incidental Expences of the Military Department of the Chief Secretary's Office -Major Swan, Alhltant Town Major of Dublin, B&t and Forage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Jeremiah Doleir, for the purchase of Ground and Houses adjoining the Castle of Dublin, in Cole-Alley ——

Honourable Colonel Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to enable him to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for the Quarter ending 29th September 1803 -

Agents to the Persons following, their B^t and Forage Money, for the periods specified; viz. Lieutenant General Fox, Commander of the Forces, from lft to 24th June 1803 Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Anstruther, 92 days, to 24th June 1803 Deputy Barrack Mailer General, Colonel Freeman, 92 days, to Ditto -Aililtant Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Tytler, 92 days, to D° -Aililtant D#, Lieutenant Colonel Stewart, 92 days, to D°

Captain Reid, Provost Marshal General, 92 days Bdt and Forage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 ——

Adjutant Bliss, of the late Drogheda Militia, the amount of his Pay for the following

periods:

From 26th March to 16th May 1802, on which day the Regiment was discontinued, 53 days, at 4 5. a day -

From 17th May 1802 to 25th March 1803, 312 days, at 6 s. a day

Lieutenant Colonel Fisher, of the Royal Engineers, for the payment of fun dry Works executed under his directions, in consequence of the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant and the Commander of the Forces, for which he is to remain accountable -Agent to the 2d Dragoon Guards, to defray the extra Expences of Forage for Horses at Rations where no Forage Contrails have been entered into ——

Agent to the following Regiments, the sums necessary to be advanced to said Regiments, to defray the extra Expence of Forage for Horses Rationed where no Forage Con tracts have been entered into: viz.

4th Dragoon Guards ——

3d Dragoons -

16th - D° - ......

12th- D° ——

l7th-D# - - ......

21R - D° ......

c s. d.

371 7 7

54° 16 5

170 3 41

171 17 3

351 8 1

232 8 71

213 3 —

660-----

250-----

50-----

53 13 11

- 34 2 6

- 23 2 1

- 61 — 7i

15-----

37 10 —

£■ *• d-

2,051 4 4

22O —

174

9^0 — ~ 5o»-----

i>°54 7 3 499 12 5J

24 15 — 9-----

171 19 1} 46 -

60-----

55 4 — 25 6-27 12 — 27 12 —

10 12 — 93 12 -

52 IO —

10,000 -

79 12 6 100 — — 27 12 —

3,3*9 8

400-----

195 H — 9 4 —

!04 4 —

350

180

50

500

60

5,000 — 1,400 —

580

360

560-----

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

9* Maii,

continued.

-----'

732

Appendix. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 47 )

9* Maiiy

continued.

1803: August 31.

September 7.

H-

2 1.

2S.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency-con

Agent to the Kerry Militia, the full Ofl-reckonings of faiil Regiment, for 365 days, from ‘25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 - - - "

Lieutenant Colonel the Honourable W. J. Gore, Aidde Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the amount of his Contingent Account, from 25th December 1802 t6 24th March

1803 ...... -

Major Thomas Huxley, Aid deCamp to Ditto, the like, fame time

Captain \V. A. Sothe.by, Aid deCamp to Ditto, the like, fame time -

Captain W. P. Hompeich. Aid de Camp to Ditto, the like, fame time -Captain Alexander Gordon, Aid de Camp to Ditto, the like, lame time -Lieutenant T. M. 1 lull, Ahihant Quarter Matter General, the like, fame time -Major General Sir F. Cradock, Quarter Malter General, 92 days Bat and borage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Captain M vers, Ahihant Adjutiint General, 92 days Bat and Forage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 Lieutenant Burton, Ahihant Deputy in Adjutant General’s Office, 92 days Bat and Forage, for said time - - "

Po&or Trevor, Hospital Apothecary, 92 days B&t and Forage, foi said time Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, to defray the extra Price of Forage, supplied under Contracts to the Regiments of Cavalry following, between 25th June and 24th July 1803, inclusive:

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th ......

3d Dragoons ......

12th Light Dragoons - -

16th -

17th ■- - - - - ......

2 lit ——

£. s. d.

Agents to the following Regiments, the Amount of Off-reckonings for said Regiments, for 365 days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, both inclusive: ' Roscommon Militia -

Sligo ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on account of the extra Expence of the Comnnffariat Department ——

William Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Bounty Money and Contingencies to Non-commissioned Officers, &c. appointed from the Out-Penhoners to the Royal Army of Reserve, as follows:

Bounty Money -

Contingencies -

369 5 4i 44 * -170 14 6| 156 2

320 15 l}2

232 6 6|

193 3 11j

£• * 2,565 10 5

33 >5 —

33 15 —

22 10 —

33 15 —

33 >5 —

22 10 —

69 —

27 12 —

9 4 —

9 4 —

2,565 10 5 1,930 6 —

1,000-----

100-----

Brigade Major, D. Bliss, the amount of his Contingent Account with Government, from 21ft September 1706, to 30th September 1797 -

Agents to Captain J. French, Aflifrant Quarter Maher General, the like, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 -

Agents to the Persons following, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, from 25th December 1802 to the periods specified; viz.

Major General Sir Charles ltofs, fiom 25th December 1802 to 2d February

1S03 - - ......

Brigadier General Dunn, from D° to 24th March 1803 -

Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Anhruther, fame time -Ahihant Ditto, Lieutenant Colonel G. Stewart, from D° to 24th Junuary 1803 D°, Lieutenant Colonel Tytler, from D° to 24th March 1803 -

Deputy Quarter Maher General, Colonel J. Brownrigg, fame time

Ahihant Quarter Maher General, Captain French, fame time -

Major General E. Morrilon, from 25th December 1802 to 2d February 1803

D° — P. Hunter’s Supplementary Account -

Lieutenant General Tarieton’s-D° -

Major General French, from D°---to 24th March 1803 -

Brigadier General Meyrick - - D°

D° - - - - Payne - - -D°

Major General Myers, on account of the Contingent Expences incidental to his Command ——

Lieutenant Colonel Edward McDonnell, Ahihant Adjutant General, 92 days But and Forage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Captain French, Ahihant Quarter Maher General, the like, fame time -Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, the like, fame time -Major Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, 92 days Blit and Forage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 - - ~ -

Colonel Beckwith, Military Secretary to the Commander of the Forces, the Amount of his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th September to 24th December 1802 -

Brigade Major Captain Coulson, the Amount of his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -

Lieutenant D'Anvers, Ahihant Deputy in Quarter Maher Generals Office, 92 days Bat and Foiage Money, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Colonel Handheld, Commihary General, on further account of the Extra Expences of his Department -

Lieutenant Colonel James Taylor, Deputy Inspector General of the Recruiting Service, in full Discharge of his Contingent Accounts, as follows:

On his Account to 24th September 1802 -

to 24th December ——

to 24th March 1803

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, for the periods specified:

Lieutenant General H. Johnhon, from 25th June to 24th Auguh 1802 Brigadier General Hart, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -Deputy Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond, fame time -Alliitant Adjutant General, Captain C. Myers, fame time -Brigade Major, Captain Sandys, lame time

Captain Lord Lyndfav, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the Amount of his Contingent Account, from 25th December 1802 to 24th March 1803 -

187 4 9*1

141 8 11

12 7 35

2 9 10

>3 >5 9l

48 »5 —

103 1 4-5

2 >7 —

5 — 9

187 2 9

56 >7 6

>57 1 1

13 5 —

14 2 6

3-----

>47 >9 7 66 7 4

33 >5 ~ 23 9 10 56 5 —

M86 15 1#

4,495 >6 5

10,000 -

1,100-----

196 3 9

5 3 §

406 1

5 H

3i

512

500

5.1

27 12 —

27 12 — 25 6 —

27 12 —

8 11 io| 40 10 io£

9 4 ""*■

20,000-----*

30 7

327 >6 9 33 >5 —

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 733

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of 650,060, Irish Currency—continued.

1803; September 28.

October 12.

Wm Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of additional Pay and Allowances to the Recruiting Staff of the Royal Army of Reserve, from 11 July to 24 October 1803 inclusive -

Mefl’rs. Cane, General Agents to the Yeomanry, by way of Impress for Yeomanry Services -

More -

More ——

More ——

More ——

Wm Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Bounty for Recruits raised for the Royal Army of Reserve -

Gasper Erck, Esq. to reimburse the Clerks in the Military Department of the Chief Secretary’s Office, for their Labour and Pains on account of the great Increase of Business in laid Office ——

lion. Geo. Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, the Amount of Increase of Salary to himself and the Officers of his Department, including the Salaries of those added to the Establishment, for the Quarter, to 29th September 1803 inclusive, as follows: Colonel the Hon. Geo. Napier, Comptroller

Rob. Barry.......Assistant D° -

JnJ Boyce, Senior - - - - Accountant Sam. James ----- ill Clerk

Ilenv Beaumont - -- -2d-

Tho* Ferrall - -- -- 3d-----

Arth. Dunn ----- 4th-----

In’ Boyce, junior - - - - 5th-

Mich1 Howard - - - - 6th-

Mich1 Kelly ----- 7 th--

Rob. Thompson - - - - bth-----

Geo. Oakley ----- gth--

Geo. Dunn ----- 10th-----

Geo. Whitaker, junior - - 11th-

Fra* Wemyfs ----- 12 th — -

Tho* Green ----- 13th---

Jacob Wanty ----- 14th — -

Jm0 Paul.........15th---

Rob. Younger ----- 16th-

Rob. M®Cubbin - - - - 17th-

Geo. Whitaker, senior - - 18th — -

Richd Ferrall ----- 19 th — -Wm Owens ----- 20th — -

Richard Baily, Esq. of the British War Office, in full Compensation for his Services during the time he remained here, assisting to eliabliffi the Object of assimilating the Arrangement which has been adopted here for the future Controul of Regimental Expenditure ——

Colonel F. Beckwith, Military Secretary to the Commander of the Forces, being an Increase of Pay, at 105. per day, from 16 August 1802 to 24 June 1803 Major T. Huxly, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, as Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, from 25 March to 24 June 1803 -

Captain W. A. Sotheby the like as D°, fame time -

Lieutenant General Fox, Commander of the Forces, 22 days Bat and Forage, from 25 September to 16 October 1803 inclusive -

Agent to the following Persons, 200 days B&t and Forage Money, for the Campaign 1803:

Lieutenant General Fox, Commander of the Forces -

Two Aid de Camps, as Majors ——

Two - D° - - as Captains -

Sir Cha* Ross, and one Aid de Camp -

Brigadier General Dunne, and one Brigade Major -

- D° - - Archibald Campbell, and D° -

- L)° - - Dairympie - - and D° -

Lieutenant Colonel Anstruther, Adjutant General -Lieutenant Colonel Tytler; Affiliant --!)•-Lieutenant Colonel Stewart - - - - D° -

Colonel Brownrigg, Deputy Quarter Masser General -Lieutenant Colonel Airy, Assistant -D°-

Captain Owens - - - - D°

Colonel Freeman, Deputy Barrack Masser General -Captain Rped, Provufl Marshal General

Edwd Connor, Esq. Agent to the following Persons, 200 days Bat and Forage, due to the Medical Board, for the Campaign 1803, as follows:

Director General of|

£. s. d.

125-----

50-----

125-----

12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 10 —

10 —

>4

H

H

H

22 10 —

20-----

20-----

14 15 9 H 15 9 H 15 9 H 15 9

Military Hospital. j ^0. Kenny, Esq. f^Clement Archer Ralph S. Obre Rob. M. Peile W" Cummins -Ilufon Bigger -Mathw Poole -Alex. Gray don Edw. Eagle Sam. Banks -Hen* Purdon -Jo. Stringer -Tho* L. Wh idler -

e

o

<L)

bO

=3

te

cd

■M

Staff

Apothecaries

J 'I ho* Kenning -: 1 Jno Cowan Edw. O'Brien -Edw. Trevor -Jna O’Donnell -Hu. Power J. S. Thwaites M. E. Parker -Wm Harrison -

500

50

40

140

120

120

120

120

45

45

55

45

45

55

20

d.

— L

1,086

10,000 — 1,800 —

1.000 — 6,400 —

8.000 —

14,400-----

430 6

525 -

140 13 5

156 10 —

34 10 —

23-----

55-----

20 —

10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 — 10 —

V® L. 59.

5a

1,520 —

Appendix,

(No. 47 ) -

9* Mai:\ mmtinued.

734

Appendix.

A. 1804. r

Append ir.* (No. 47-) 9° Maiiy continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: October 1*2.

26.

Edward O’Connor, Esq. Agent to the following Persons, 200 days Bat and Forage, to the Medical Board, for the Campaign 1803, as follows:

Ja* Burkett -

Itichd Pack n

Roger Dockery -

Lodge Flail -

Wm Bell ...... -

Edw. Kent -

Sam. McAffee -

Jno Stewart - ......

Ilu. Weldon -

In°McFadgeon -

Hen* O’Hara ——

Dan. Genn -

Thos Crawford -

J"° Barlow -

Ja* Wright -

MYra Oiblon -

due

2

3

S-

o

Messrs. Cane, General Agents, by way of Imprest, for Yeomanry Sendees Agents to the following Regiments, their Off-reckonings due said Regiments for the periods specified; viz.

Angus Fencible Infantry, 365 days, from 25 December 1801 to 24 December 1802. Warrant, 18 December 1802 -

Caithness Highlanders, 365 days, from 25 December 1801 to 24 December 1802. Warrant, 18 December 1802 ——

Duke of York's, fame time. Warrant, fame date -

fame time. Warrant, 1 ith February 1803 -

fame time. Warrant, 18 December 1802 -

fame time. Warrant - fame date -

D° - D° ......

D° - D° ...... - -

D® - D° ......

D° D® - -

Elgin Frazers Lochaber Manx

North Lowland -Ross and Cromartie Suffolk

2iff Foot - - D°

71ft — - - D»

Argyle Fencibles D®

Clanalpine - D°

Leicester D®

Princess C. of W ales D® R. Nottingham - D°

Reay - - D°

Loyal Tay - D°

York - - D®

Somerset - - D®

Loyal Durham - D°

Breadalbane - D°

Dunbarton - D®

Warrant, 11 May 1803 -

DJ -'

Wfarrant,

WaiTant,

Warrant,

Warrant,

W'arrant,

Warrant,

Warrant,

D°

23 October 1802 2 December 1802 4 January 1803 -7 December 1802 23 October 1802 2 December 1802 14 October 1802

- Warrant, 21 October 1802

- Warrant, 21 December 1802

Northumberland Caithness Legion

D° - Warrant, 11 January 1803 D° - Warrant, 7 September 1802 -

Lieutenant Colonel Fisher, of the Royal Engineers, for the Payment of sundry Works executed under his Directions, in consequence of the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant and the Commander of the Forces, and for which he is to remain accountable \Vm Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Pay and Allowances for the Staff of the Light Battalions, from 6 Augutl to 24 November 1803, as certified by the Comptroller of Army Accounts - - - , -

More, on account of Pay and other Services for the Recruiting Staff, from 25 October to 24 November 1803 inclusive; viz.

Pay

Contingencies -

Beer Money ——

Messrs. Armit and Borough, Agents, on account of the Expences of the Military Road construCling in the County of Wicklow -

J*° Wills, Esq. Field Provost Marshal, his Subfistence, at 5$. a day, for 124 days, from 24 May to 25th September 1803 -

Enlign Philip Godfrey, a reduced Oilicer of the late Corps of Invalids, 92 days full Pay, from 25 June to 24 September 1803 ——

Enflgn Jn® Castle, the like, fame time ——

Edwd Connor, Clerk in the War Office, his Allowance for 3 months, to 24 Sept. 1803; viz.

Additional Salary ——

For superintending the Provision of the Army Lift -

4

Agents to the following Regiments, to defray the extra Expence of Forage for Ilorfes at Stations where no* Forage Contracts have been entered into:

4th Dragoon Guards -

3d Dragoons ——

16th Light D® -

£■ s. d.

IO

IO — —

10 — —

IO — —

* 10 — —

IO — —

IO — —'-

IO — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — -T—

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

1,752 18 3

3,200 14 11

2,476 16 7

1,752 18 3

>,752 18 3

2,0.23 18 6

2,47 6 16 7

1,752. 18 3

2,023 18 6

1.752 18 3

2,876 16

2,876 16 —

2,476 16 7

3,200 14 11

1,752 18 3

2,023 18 6

1,752 18 3

2,476 16 7

2,611 14 3

05 0 0 14 11

1,752 18 3

1,752 18 3

2,476 16 7

1,752 18 3

- -

Major General Sir Jno Fran* Cradock, K. B. Quarter Master General, 200 days Bat and Forage for the Campaign 1803 ——

Agents to the following Persons, 200 days Bftt and Forage Money for the Campaign 1803; viz.

Lieutenant General Tarleton, and two Aid de Camps -- - D® - - Alexander Campbell, and D*

Major General Sir Charles Afgill, and one D° -

- D® - - E. P. 'french - and D® - - - - '

- D® - - D. Campbell - and D® ——

- D° - - W. Archer - and D° ——

Brigadier General W'auchope, and Brigade Major -

- D® - - Sir Cha* Green - and D* -

780 — ;oo — 5 —

15 — 37 i°

120

240

120

190

190

140

140

140

140

120

12*

£. s.

390-----

24,100 —

20,966 16 4 5,753 12 —

19,496 12 3

3,505 16 6

4,229 14 10

i,752 18 3

L752 iS 3

10,000-----

2.262-----

885

3,000

31-----

21 12 tj

‘i i 12 1 ,

52 io

480-----

,50-----

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

735

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: Qdober 26.

Nov. 2.

Agents to the following Persons, 200 days B&t and Forage Money, for the Campaign 1803; viz.

Brigadier General Meyrick, and Brigade Major -

I)° - - Affleck - and D°

D° - C. Campbell - and D°

D° - Payne - and D°

Lieutenant Colonel McDonnell, Assistance Adjutant General -Major IIarcourt, Assistance Quarter Master General -Major Coffin - - - D° - -■

Major Gordon, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant -Captain I lompefch ----- D° - - *-

: Captain Saint George, Brigade Major -

Captain Lyfter - - D® -

Lieutenant Colonel Dillon, Assistance Quarter Mailer General, the like -Lieutenant Hall, Assistance Quarter Mailer General, 200days~B&t and Forage for the Campaign 1803 ——

William Dillon, Esq. Assistance Commissary, the like -

Ensign Wills, Field Provost Marshal, the like -Major Sirr, Town Major-of Dublin, the like ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of the extra Expences of the Commissariat Department - - - - ’ -

The Commissioners of the Board of Works, on Account of the purchasing of certain Premises in the Neighbourhood of Dublin for its defence and security, as well as of the Public Records of the Country - - - - * -

Agents to the following Regiments, for Camp Allowances, for Campaign 1803; vi2.

18th Foot - 2d Battalion - -

44th - - - 2d -

58th- - - D° -

67th - - - D° ......

Agents to the following Regiments, the amount of Camp Allowances for said Regiments, who are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the Field in 1803: 16th Foot -

25th ......

3‘2d ...... -

38th ......

45th ......

5°lh - - ...... -

71ft -

7 2d ——

79th ......

90th -

93^ ......

96th -

Queen s German Regiment -

Antrim Militia -

Cavan -

Clare -

Dublin City ——

Kildare ——

King's County -

Leitrim ——

Limerick City - -

Londonderry ——

Louth ——

Mayo, North ——

Queen's County ——

• Tipperary .......

Wexford -

Agents to the 18th Foot, lft Battalion, being Camp Allowances for said Regiments for Campaign 1803

21ft Foot - D° -

63d ...... D° -

8ad ----- -s D® -

Cork City Militia - - - D° -Monaghan ----- D* -

44th Foot, lft Battalion - D® -

6-2d ...... D° -

Cork, South Militia - - D° -Galway - D° -

Fermanagh - D°

Kilkenny - D°

Meath ...... D° -

Tyrone - -- -- - D° -Westmeath - D° -

Wicklow - D° -

Agents to the 36th Foot, the Amount of Camp Allowances for said Regiment, who are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the Field in 1803 -

Agents to the following Regiments, the Amount of Camp Allowances for said Regiments, whp are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the Field in 1803; viz.

46th Foot ——

Mayo, South Militia ——

Down, South ——

Waterford -

15th Foot -17 th -

Longford Militia

56th Foot 89th

Carlow Militia -Dublin, County -

£■ '• d.

120-----

120-----

120-----

120-----

45-----

45-----

45-----

25-----

20-----

20-----

20-----

590 — 627 10 640 — 602 10

565 —

615 —

627 10 —

597 10 —

585 —

607 10 —

557 10 —

515 —

663 15 —

5«i 5 —

575 —

637 10 —

52a 10 —

458 »5 —

426 5 —

421 5 —

498 15 —

421 5 —

5 —

401 5 —

421 5 —

565 —

548 15 —

413 15 —

421 5 —

561 5 —

601 5 —

587 10 —

627 10 —

582 10 —

451 5 —

499 15 —

602 10 —

511 5 —

588 15 —

421 5

491 5

503 15 —

553 15 —

426 5 —

4*1 5 —

607 10 —

607 10 —

453 15 —

421 5 —

503 15 —

627 10 —

602 10 —

433 15

582 10 —

612 —

426 5 —

418 15 —

1. d.

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

9* Maiiy continued.

1,880

45 20 < 20

! 30

*0,000


j

i 0,000

3>+6o-----

»4>3*» 5 575 —

2,748 10 615 —

4.520-----

*>593 »5 r

1,663 15 — 1,194 *• —

736

Appendix.

A, 1804

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

9* M

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: November 2,

Agents to the following Regiments, the Amount of Camp Allowances for laid Regiments, who are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the Field iu 1803; viz.

Roscommon -

Sligo ——

Donegal -

Limerick, County -

Down, North ——

Cork, North - - .- - -

Armagh -

Kerry -

Agents to the following Regiments, for Camp Allowances for Campaign 1803, for such Officers of the Line, and Militia, as were appointed fmce la.lt Estimate from the Quarter Mailer General, or were otherwise omitted; viz.

58th Foot, 1 Battalion - -

67th — - D°

Agents to the following Regiments, to defray the extra Expence of Forage for Horses at Stations where no Forage Contracts have been entered into; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

12th Light Dragoons - -

17th - — - , - -

2 lit ——

W® Browne, Esq. General Agent, on Account of additional Pay and Allowances to the Recruiting Staff for extra Duty belonging to the Royal Army of Reserve, from 25 October to 24 November 1803; viz.

Pay -

Contingencies -

Ja§ Drew, for 200 Pair of Shoes, at 7 s. 7 d. each, in Part of his Contract, for the Use of the Royal Army of Reserve, as certified by Captain H. Mc Clean, Inspector of Clothing, &c. to said Army ——

Laurence McGuinness, for 100 Pair of Shoes, at J$. 7 d. each, in part of his Contract, for the like -

Captain (Colonel) Hu. Magennis, as Reduced Officer of the late Corps of Invalids, 92 days full Pay, from 25 June to 24 September 1803 inclusive -Lieutenant Steele, the like for 92 days, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 inclusive ——

More, from 25 June to 29 September 1803 inclusive -

Lieutenant General Sir J&* Stewart, Bart, the Balance due him on his Audited Account with Government, for Disbursements on the Public Service whilst commanding His Majesty's Troops in the Southern District of Ireland, from 12 April to 25 August 1798 - -

Major Alexr Gordon, the Balance due on his Contingent Account with Government, as Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, from 25 March to 24 June 1803 Captain W, V. Ilompefch, the like, fame time -Gasper Erck, Esq. on account of the Incidental Expences of the Military Department of the Chief Secretary's Office ——

Brigade Major Sandys, his Salary for receiving the Reports of Prisoners, from 25 March to 24 June 1803, at 10s. per day -

Agents to the following Persons, 200 days Bat and Forage Money, due them for the Campaign 1803:

Major General Myers, and one Aid de Camp -Brigadier General Hart, and one Brigade Major -Deputy Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond -

Assistant Adjutant General, Captain Myers -Brigade Major Sandys -

Brigadier General Grofe, and 1 Brigade Major -

Brigadier General Scot, and -D° -

Brigadier General Champagne, and D° -Captain French, Afiiflant Quarter Mailer General -Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Gore, Aid de Camp to the Lord tenant ——

Lieu

Colonel Dafhwood, Aid de Camp to D° -

Colonel Handfield, CommilTary General -

Captain McClean, Afiiflant Adjutant General -Colonel Beckwith, Secretary to the Commander of the Forces -Hen^ McManus, Afiiflant Secretary to the Commander of the Forces Major Swan, Afiistant Town Major of Dublin -Lord Tyrawley, Barrack Matter General -More, 1,579 days Bit and Forage Money, from 10 May 1799 to 24 September 1803 Mr. McManus, Afiistant Deputy in the Commander of the Forces' Office, 92 days Bit and Forage Money, from 25 March to 24 June 1803 - -

More, 92 days, to 24 September 1803 -

Major Swan, Afiistant Town Major of Dublin, 92 days Bit and Forage, from 25 June to 24th September 1803 - - * ——

\Vm Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Pay for the Royal Army of Reserve to 24 October 1803 ——

Agents to the Aberdeen Fencibles, on account of Half-yearly Allowances. &c. as follows, from 25 December 1802 to 24 June 1803, being, with the Sum already ittiied under Mutter Matter General's Certificate, in full for that period:

Allowance to Captains -

- - - - Contingent Men - -

A. B. King, His Majesty's Stationer, os follows:

Pay-Lifts, Adjutants Rolls, and General States, supplied for the several Regiments on the Establishment of Ireland, for sundry periods, between 25 December 1802 and 24 June 1803 -

Printing Work executed within fame period for the War Office -

5 — 413 »5

590 — 602 10

690

240

370

100

*74

H3

f. </.

4,770-----

601 5 —

516 5 — 421 5 —

503 15 — 5 — 498 »5 —

1,192 10 —

140

120

45

45

20

120

120

120-----

45-----

45 —

M°°-----

317-----

75 16 ? 37 4

68 18 i£

26 4 11 26 4 11

5 —i

34 — 34 *o —

100-----

46-----

141 —

20 —

280 6 8

848 1 5

370-----

240-----

210 — —

20-----

55-----

45-----

55-----

*20-----

30-----

120-----

958 4 —

9 4 — 9 4 —

27 12 —

9.350 -

161-----

1,128 8 1

44 Geo. Ill* Appendix* 7 37

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued..

1803: November 9.

The follow ng Persons, 200 days B&t and Forage for the Campaign 1803; viz.

Captain Bruce, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant -

Major Forder, Aliiltant Quarter Mailer General -

Enlign D'Anvers, Aliiltant Deputy in the Quarter Mailer General's Office

P. E. Singer, Deputy Comm diary General -

\Vm Webb, Aliiltant Commissary - - - -

In> Grant - - 1)° ......

J. B. l-owler, Field Store-Keeper -

Andw G. Haynes, Captain Lieutenant of a Coi'ps of Waggoners Rob. Taggart, the like - -

Solomon Kiliet, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners -

Major Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, 92 days B&t and Forage, from 25 June to 24 September 1803 ——

Lieutenant D’Anvers, Aflillant. Deputy in Quarter Mailer Generals Office, the like, fame time ——

*6.

Agents to the following Regiments, 365 days Off-reckonings, from 25 December 1801 to 24 December 1802; viz.

Loyal Essex Fencibles -

Devon and Cornwall -

Loyal Chellnre -

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, being the Sum necessary to defray the extra Price of Forage supplied under Contracts to the several Regiments of Cavalry following, between 25 July and 24 August 1803; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th -

3d Dragoons ——

12 th Light Dragoons ——

16th -

17th ——

2 1 It

Major General W. Myers, in full Discharge of his several Accounts, as follows:

On his Accounts of General Disbursements on the Public Service at Cork, from 19th November 1800 to 24th December 1801 -On D°, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 -

On his Account of Subsistence, &c. paid to Detachments at Cork belonging to Regiments on the British Establishment, from ill March to 24th December 1801 -

On D°, from 25th December 1S01 to 24th December 1802 -

More, being the Amount of his Contingent Account with Government, from ill July to 30th September 1801 Mrs. Long, for 250 Shirts, at 5 $, 10d. each, in part of her Contrail, for the use of the Royal Army of Reserve, as certified by Captain W. McClean, InspeClor of Cloathing, &c. to said Army ——

Captain Talbot, Aid de Camp to Marquis CornWallis, B&t and Forage Money, from ill January to 24th May 1801 ——

More, 2oq days, for Campaign 1801 -

Major General Sir John Francis Cradock, K.B. Quarter Master General, 92 days Bat and Forage, from 25th June to 24th September 1803 -Captain W. Myers, Assistant Adjutant General, the like, 182 days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th June 1802 - - -

Brigadier General Fuller, the like, for himself and his Brigade Major, for 200 days, for Campaign 1803 - - . -

Henry McFai land, as Captain Commandant of the Corps of Waggoners, the like, for 200 days, for Campaign 1803 ——

Mathias D. O’Meara, Paymaster and Adjutant of the Corps of Waggoners, 200 days Bat arrd F orage, for Campaign 1803 -

Patrick Graham, Captain Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like N icholas O'Brien, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like - . -

Daniel Scully, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like -Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, on account of the extra Expences of his Department -

More, to defray the extra Price of Forage supplied under Contracts to the several Regiments following, from 25th Augull to 24th September 1803; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards -

4th ——

3d Dragoons -

12 th Light D° -

16th ......

17th ——

21 it -

Agents to the following Regiments, to defray the extra Expence of Forage for Horses at Stations where no Forage Contracts have been entered into; viz.

2d Dragoons Guards ——

4th

16th Light Dragoons ——

12th Dragoons

17th

aid -

William Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Cloathing and Appointments for the Royal Army of Reserve - - - -<*-----

More, on account of Pay and other Servios for the Royal Army of Reserve, to, 24th Oclobor 1803, as follows:

Pay ...... -

Contingencies -

Beer Money ——

VOL. 59.

£. s. d.

1.752 18 3

1.752 18 3

1.752 18 s

233 16 9f

57 2 10

153 17 2f 138 11 44

54° 14 ~ 190 3 6

245 1 5i

2,458 12 lj 596 5 11

658 17 2j 219 l6 ll|

200 11 11$

73

169

179

486

199

248

9 10

9 7 "2 5

3 H 5 ij

120

120

690

30

615 — 1,$H — 461 ---

£■ *■ d-

20-----

45 — —

20-----

30-----

20-----

20-----

20-----

15-----

15-----

10-----

27 12 — * 9 4 —

5,258 14 9

1,559 7 2

3,933 12 2£ 225 8 11

7218 4

14 12 —

20-----

69-----

54 12 —

• 120-----

20 —

15 -

15 -

10-----

10-----

20,000-----

1,556 ii 2

510-----

24.0

30

720

15,000

2,687-----

Appendix, (No. 47.) 9® Mail,

continued.

738 Appendix. A. 1804*

Appendix, (No. 47.) 9* Maii, continued.

1803: November 23.

3o.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £. 650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

William Browne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Pay and other Services for the Royal Army of Reserve, from 25th October 1803 to 24th November following inclusive; viz.

Pay ......

Contingencies -

Beer Money ——

More, on account of Pay and other Services of the Recruiting Staff, from 25th November to 24th December 1803 inclusive; wiz.

Pay ——

Contingencies ——

Beer Money -

More, on account of additional Pay and Allowances to the Recruiting Staff, from 25th November to 24th December 1803; viz.

Pay - ......

Contingencies -

Agent to the 72d Foot, Camp Allowances, beii^g the Difference between Lieutenant and Captain, for 9 Captains ofsaid Regiment, who received only £.12. 10 s. each, in last Estimate, £.y. 10s. each, Campaign 1803 - '- -

Agents to the Cork City Militia, Camp Allowances for the Persons following, for the Campaign 1803; viz.

Difference between Lieutenant and Captain, for Captains Pearce and Galway, promoted fmce last Estimate, at £.7. 10 s. each Lieutenant Terry and Lieutenant Jones, appointed fmce last Return, £.12. 10*. each - -

Agents to the Sligo Militia, the Difference between Lieutenants and Adjutants Camp Allowances, for J. Goodwin of the said Regiment, for Campaign 1803 -

Agents to the following Independent Captains, their Allowances, for 92 days, from 25th June to 24th September 1803, both inclusive; viz.

Captain Christ* Clarke ——

- - Sl Geo. Irwin - -

- - Pon^ Watts ——

Captain Le Geyt, an Independent Captain, his Allowance, for 92 days, from 25th June to 24th September 1803 ——

The Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces, for Allowance for Clerks, from 25th March to 24th September 1803 -

More, on account of the Adjutant Generals Clerks additional Salaries, for the fallowing periods; viz.

Additional Salary, at the Rate of £.58. per annum, from lft July 1801 to 24th March 1802 ——

Salaries, at the Rate of £. 500. net per annum, from 25th Alarch to 24th April 1802 ----- £.42 9 3I

Deduct Amount already issued for that period, at

£•362. 14- 4* gross - 29 11 111

Honourable Colonel Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to enable him to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for the Quarter ending the 25 th day of December 1803 -

William Clements, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, 200 days Bfit and Forage due him for the Campaign 1803 -

The Commissioners of the Board of Works, on further Account of the Expences attending the Purchase of certain Premise6 in the Neighbourhood of the Castle for its defence and security ——

More, being the Amount of the several Tradesmen and Artificers Bills, and other Charges, for Military Offices withoutfide the Castle of Dublin, for the Quarter ending 10th ultimo -

William Browne, Esq. General Agent, the Amount of the Comptrollers' Estimate of Pay and other Charges for the Royal Army of Reserve, from 25th Noveml)er to 24th December 1803, as follows:

Pay ——

Contingencies -

Beer Money ——

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts for the times specified; viz.

Lieut. General the Hon. Edw. Fox, from 14th March to lft June 1803 Major General Sir Charles Ross - from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -Brigadier General Dunne - -- D° - - - D°

Lieut. Colonel R. Anstruther, Adjutant General, D° - - - D°

Lieut. Col. P.Tytier, Alfistant Adjutant Geneml, D° - - - D°

Colonel T. Brownrigg, Deputy Quarter Master General, D° - D*

Major General Sir John Francis Cradock, Quarter Master General, the Amount of his Contingent Account, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

T. M. Hall, Esq. Assistant Quarter Master General, the like, fame time -

Agents to the following Regiments, the Balance due on their Accounts while serving in Ireland, for the periods specified:

Sutherland Fencibles, from 25th June 1798 to 6th January 1799 -Royal Glamorganshire Militia, from 21ft June 1799 to 26th May 1800 Royal Buckinghamshire D°, from 29th June 1798 to 16th April 1799 -Weft Suffolk D°, from 26th September 1798 to 8th January 1799

Agents to the Dublin County Militia, in full Discharge of the Supplementary Accounts of said Regiments, for the periods specified:

From lft April 1796 to 31ft March 1797 -

From lft April 1797 to 31ft March 1798 ......

£. s. d.

9, H5 — *-

127-----

54i-----

755 -

100-----

5-----

158

150

15

25

46-----

46-----

46-----

42 8 6J

11 17 41

10,843 — 126-----

756 —

123 10 - -

219 15 8

126 10 —

33 3 3

14 18 2

41 6 6

1,817 10 2

554 — 3 795 6 8

108 17 11

68 3 1

360 7 2

£. s. d.

9,813 — -*■

860 — -

308 -----*

67 10 —

40 — 7 10

138 —

46 -250 —

55 5 ioj

400-----

10-----

10,000-----

293

11,7*5-----

559 3 7

50-----

37 18 2

3>*75 15 r-

437 10 3

Appendix.

739

44 Geo. III.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: November 30.

December 7.

14-

William Browne, Esq. Agent to the following Persons, for Camp Allowances for the Campaign 1803, for those Persons who were appointed since the lall Estimate from the Quarter Mailer Generals, or were otherwise omitted:

Adjutant ill Light Battalion of the Line, Lieutenant Roflewin, Difference between Lieutenant in 33d and Adjutant of Light Battalion -Adjutant 2d Light Battalion of the Line, Lieutenant firookman, Difference between Lieutenant of 71ft Regiment and Adjutant of Light Battalion Adjutant id Light Battalion of Militia, Lieutenant Johndon, Difference between Lieutenant of the Monaghan and Adjutant of Battalion

Lieutenant Colonel of 2d Battalion Light Infantry of Militia, Duncan Darrack, late of Glengarry Fencibles - - - - . -

Adjutant of D°, Lieutenant Ilill, Difference between Lieutenant of the Cavan Militia and Adjutant of Battalion - -

Lieutenant Colonel of the 3d Light Battalion of Militia, Half Pay Lieutenant Colonel of the late 113th Foot -

Adjutant D°, Geo. Mathers, Difference between Lieutenant County Dublin Militia and Adjutant of Battalion Adjutant of 4th Light Infantry Battalion of Militia, H. G. Carpenter, Difference between Lieutenant of Kilkenny Militia and Adjutant of Battalion Adjutant 5th Light Battalion of Militia, Lieutenant Stewart, Difference between Lieutenant of Wedmeath Militia and Adjutant of Battalion -Adjutant of 6th Light Infantry Battalion of Militia, Lieutenant Hart, of the 11 th Battalion of the Army of Reserve -

Agents to the Royal Staff Corps, on account of Pay and other Allowances, to the 24th December 1803, as follows:

Pay ——

Allowance in lieu of Beer -

Agents to the following Persons, 92 days B&t and Forage, from 25th June to 24th September 1803:

Lieutenant General Fox, Commander of the Forces

Lieutenant Colonel Andruther, Adjutant General -Colonel Freeman, Deputy Barrack Mader General -Colonel Tytler, Affidant Adjutant General - - - - % -

Lieutenant Colonel Stewart - D° -

Captain Reid, Provod Marshal General -

Captain Myers, A Aidant Adjutant General Lieutenant Colonel Edw. McDonald, D° -

Agents to the following Persons, for B&t and Forage, for the periods specified:

Captain McLean, Affidant Adjutant General, from 8th June to 24th September 1803 -

Lieutenant Colonel Airy, Adidant Quarter Mader General, from idAugud to 24th September 1803 -

Major Owen, the like, fame time -

James Smith, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, 200 days Bdt and Forage due him, for the Campaign 1803 -

Brigadier General Francis Grofe, his Pay, at £.1. 101. a day, for 42 days, from 14th May to 24th June 1803 ——

The Directors of the Grand Canal, for the Conveyance of Troops, according to Order -Lieutenant Colonel Fisher, of the Royal Engineers, for the Payment of sundry Works executing under his Directions ——

Agent to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Accounts with Government, for the periods specified; vis.

Major General Archer, from 14th May to 24th June 1803 ——

Major General Sir Charles Afgill, from 16th March to 24th June 1803 -

- - - - D. Campbell - - from 11th D° - to D° -

- - - - Trench - - - from 25th March to D° -

Brigadier General, J. Affleckes - from 14th May to D° -

....... C. Campbell - from 18th March to D° -

----- Meyrick - - from 25th D° - to D° -

....... Payne - - - fame time -

Brigade Major S. L. Higgins - - from 2id April to D* -

Affidant Adjutant General Lieut. Col. E. McDonald, from 25th March to D° -

Brigade Major F. Coulson, the Amount of his Contingent Account with Government, from 2 id April to 24th June 1803 ——

Colonel Raymond, Affidant Adjutant General, the Amount of his Contingent Allowance, for six months, from 25th December 1802 to 24th June 1803, at £.150 per annum -

Agents to the Glengarry Fencibles, 365 days Off-reckonings, from 25th day of December 1801 to 24th December 1802, both days inclusive -

Agents to the 2d Wed York Militia, the Balance due on their Accounts while l’erving in Ireland, from 25th October 1799 to 20th May 1800 -

Agents to the following Regiments, for Payment of Rent incurred in procuring Iioufes for Storage of the Arms and Accoutrements of said Regiments, on being disbanded: Cavan Militia -

Kildare -

Leitrim ——

Wexford ——

Major Huxley, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, 200 days B&t and Forage, for the Campaign 1803 ——

William Maturin, Esq. Affidant Commissary, the like, fame time ——

William Hannagan, Esq. Affidant Commissary, the like, fame time -Ignatius Purcell, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like, fame time Lieutenant Burton, Affidant Deputy in the Adjutant General’s Office, 92 days B&t and Forage, from 25th June to 24th September 1803 -

MefiVs. Cane and Sons, General Agents to the Yeomanry, by way of Impred, 011 account of Clothing Allowances to the Yeomanry Corps -Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on further account of the Expences of the Commidariat Establishment -

£. d.

7 to —

7 10 —

7 10 — 30-----

7 10 '— 30 _ 7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 20-----

172 — 7 —

230 — 55 4 «5 6 27 12 27 12 9 4

32 H —

l6 19 ---

l6 IO ---

41 2 9l

168 13 11

122 — 8

203 5 9

44 7 —£

8318 4

180 — 8

212 9 Si

35 15 3

•4 19

30 -

40-----

30-----

53 6 8

d.

i32 10

179-----

374 —

27 12 — 27 12 —‘

65 14 — to-----

63 —

336 14 9 5,000-----

1,106 12 IO

49 7i

75-----

i»752 18 3 727 * 10

>53 6

25-----

*20-----

20 — — IO-----

9 4 —

*976 4$

20,000-----

Appendix, (No. 47-)

90 Maiiy continued.

<-----•

740

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 47.)

9* Maii,

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Distributkm of £.650,000, Iiifh Currency—continued.

1803: December 14*

21.

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on account of the extra Price of Forage supplied under Contracts to the Regiments following, from 25th September to ‘24th October 1803, inclusive; viz.

2d Dragoon Guards ——

4t‘» ......

3d Dragoons

12th Light D° - ......

16th ——

17th ...... -

Agents to the DorfeUhire Militia, the Balance due on their Accounts while serving in Ireland, from 25th December 1798 to 2d October 1799 -

Agents to the 2d Battalion of the Breadalbane Fencibles, the like, from 13th September 1798 to 18th March 1799 -

Agents to the following Regiments, on account of Twenty Month§ Off-reckonings for the augmented numbers of said Regiments; viz.

45th Foot, 20 months Off-reckonings for 60 Privates - - £. 246 7 6

Deduct 153 days, from 25th July to 24th December 1802, which

will be added to the Warrant ended 24th December 1802 - 61 19 3

50th Foot, 20 months, as above Dedud 153 days, as above

- 246 7 6

- 6i 19 3}

89th Foot, 20 months for 160 Privates - - - * - 657-----

Dedud 153 days, from 25th July to 24th December 1802, which

will be added to the Warrant ended 24th December 1802 *165 4 9|

The Colonel of the late Corps of Royal Irish Invalids, the Balance of his Cloathing Allowance, from 24th September 1802 (the day said Corps was disbanded) to 24th December 1802 ——

Colonel Beckwith, on account of the Contingent Expences of the Commander of the Forces’ Office ——

Hon. Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Gore, Aid de Camp to' the Lord Lieutenant, in full discharge of his Contingent Account with Government, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Agents to the following Persons, the Amount of their Contingent Account with Government, for the periods specified; viz.

Brigadier General Ilart, from 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Brigade Major, Captain W. Sandys - - D# -

Assistant Adjutant General, Captain C. Myers D° ——

Deputy Adjutant General, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond, D°

Brigadier General Champagne, from 14th May to 24th June 1803 Lieutenant A. Burton, Assistant Deputy Adjutant General, from 25th March to D° ......

Agents to the City of Cork Militia, the amount of Rent incurred in procuring Iioufes for the Storage of the Anns and Accoutrements of said Regiment, on their being disembodied ——

City of Dublin Militia * the like -Queen’s County - the like -

Galway Wicklow -

the like the like

Colonel Brownrigg, the Amount of his Pay as Inspector General of Cloathing, at £< 1.

per day, from 25th December 1802 to 24th September 1803 - -

Captain John French, Assistant Quarter Master General, his Pay at 15 s. per day, from 25th June 1S02 to 24th June 1803 ——

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, 92 days Bat and Forage, from 25th June to 24th September 1803 -

Lieutenant Colonel Dillon, Assistant Quarter Master General, the like, fame time Captain French, Assistant D°, the like, fame time -

William Finney, Esq. Acting Deputy Commissary General, too days Bat and Forage due him for the Campaign 1803 ——

Lieutenant Burton, Acting Deputy in Adjutant General’s Office, the like -Captain Royal Brigade Major, the like ——

Captain Whitby, Brigade Major, the like -

Lieutenant Colonel Fiftier, of the Royal Engineers, to enable him to proceed with the various Services on which he at present is employed, and to discharge several Bills of the Contractors and Work People -

William Brow ne, Esq. General Agent, on account of Pay and other Services for the Royal Army of lteferve, from 25th December 1803 to 24th January 1804, as follows;

Pay ——

Contingencies - -

Beer Money - -

More, on account of Bounty to Recruits raised for the Royal Army of lteferve, to 24th January 1804 ——

More, for the following purposes:

On account of Pay and Allowances to the Recruiting Staff, from 25th December 1803 to 24th January 1804; viz*

Pay ——

Contingencies ——

Beer Money ——

- - - On account of the Additional Pay and Allowance to Ditto, for said period:

Pay ——

Contingencies - - - ......

£• s. d.

221 H io\

83 12

170 13 H

184 11 io|

358 5 8

‘202 4 31

236 1 1

184 8 2±

184 8 2i

95 1 31

53 12 6 39 5 11 41 7 7

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

10,100

100

670

768

loo

5

1S6

FY3

s. d.

M5* 3 1 M35 4 11

599 1 5

3G8 16

491 15

455 8 2J

240 -

34 10 —

229 7 3} 37~3

7 9 1

40-----•

80-----

80-----

274-----

273 15 —

25 6 —

16 10 — 27 12 —

30-----

20-----

<20-----

10,000-----

10,876

6,300

341

4-i Geo. IIL

Appendix.

741

Ireland.—Account of the Distributlon of £. 650,060, Irish Currency—continued.

1803:

December 21.

Colonel Charles Handheld; Commissary General, to defray the extra Price of Forage, supplied under Contracts to several Regiments of Cavalry following, between 25th October and 24th November 1803, incltifivej viz.

id Dragoon Guards --*•-

4th - ......

3d Dragoons -

12 th Light Dragoons -

16th ----- ......

17th -

2lft -

Agents to the Following Regiments; on account of Pay and other Sendees, frdm 25th December 1803 to 24th January 1804; viz.

9th Battalion Reserve:

Pay -

Contingencies ——

Allowance in lieu of Beer, and on a March -

Royal Staff Corps:

Pay - - * - -1

Allowance iii lieu of Beer, and oh a March -

8th Battalion Refene:

pay - A m — it - * - -

Contingencies ——

Allowance in lieu of Beer, and on a March -

Agents to the 12th Light Dragoons, on account of Sadlery, due in consequence of the Augmentation of said Regiment - - -. -

Agents to the 2d Fencible Regiment Dragoons, being, with £. 1,712. 6. 2. issued on account by order dated 30th July 1800, will be in full discharge of the Balance due on the general Account of said Regiment, from iff April 1797 to 31ft March 1798 Agents to the 2d Dragoon Guards, for the purpost? of defraying the extra Price of Forage, to the 24th mllant, tof such Horses of that Corps as are Rationed in Quarters where Forage Contracts have not been entered into -Lieutenant General Taileton, in full discharge of his Contingent Account, from 18th March to 24th June 1803 ——

Lieutenant Colonel G. Stewart, AlTiftaht Adjutant General, the like, from 25th March 1803 to 24th June following -

Captain John French, Atlistant Quarter Matter General, in full discharge of his Contingent Account, froiri 25th March to 24th June 1803 -

Henry Pilot, Town Major of Galway, in full discharge of his Contingent Account, from 25th March to 24th June 1803' ——

Brigadier General Groves; in full discharge of his Contingent Account, from 14th May to 24th J une 1803 - - -. ——

Brigade Major Captain St. George, the like, from 25th May to 24th June 1803 Mr. William McCrea, in compensation for his trouble in preparing and fui nithing, for the use of Government, certain Maps and Surveys of the Northern District of this Country - - - - j- , -

R. Dockery, Surgeon, for his personal Medical Attendance on Persons confined for treasonable practices in the Frovoft Prison, for nine months Salary at 3 s. per day, commencing 25th June 1801 and ending 24th March 1802; and 3 months Salary from 24th Inly to 24th October 1803, being the period iince he has beed orderbd to recommence the said attendance, making one year - -

Agents to the Meath Militia, for payment of one year*s Rent of a House fot* tht Storage of the Arms and Accoutrements of said Regiment, on being disembodied Francis Loft us. Captain Lieutenant of Kilkenny Militia, being Camp Allowance omitted Lift Ettimatfc * ——

Captain Wilburn Gore, Aid de Camp to tli^Lord Lieutenant, 200 days B&t and Forage for the Campaign 1803 -

Lieutenant General Floyd, the like, for hiirifelf and two Aid de Camps -

Sir Fyre Coote, Major General, the like, for himself and one Aid de Camp Major General the Honourable Robert Taylor, the like, for himself and otte Aid deCamp Bncadier General James Ertkinc, 200 days Bat ufid Forage for the Campaign 1803, for hiinfelt and one Aid de Camp

Brigadier Geu

ral Merryn Arrluiall -Stapleton Cotton -William Dvott Robert McFarlane Rowland Hill Earl Cuilitighaiii Karl of Cork

- tlife like

- the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

Capt. Holland, Allitt* Quarter Mailer General, the like Robert Roves, Afiiiiant CommitVary - - the like

Arthur Orndby-----D° - - - the like

John Ulher-----1)° - - - tfre like

Thomas Giltlori - - Dtt - - - the lik?

Captain Fortier, Major of Brigade - - the like

- - - Werge - - I)° - - - the like

- - - Campbell - D° - - - the like

- - - Beavan - - D° - the like

- - - Curry - - the like,

- - - Bridges - - 1) ’ - - - the like

Ja* Pitcairn, AlPstant Inspector 6f Hospitals, the litoe

Perkins Crofton, Stall Surgeon James Rogers ——

Richard Brady, Ilospital Mate Abraham Colics - Du Thomas Little, Staff Hospital Atlistant Thomas Striker, Veterinary Sitrgrort James Mould, Deputy Purvevor

Vol.

the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

- the like

-----T , ... - the like

John Skerrett, Paymaster and Adjutant of the Waggon Corps, 200 days Bat flihd Forage for Campaign 1803 - -

Thnnias Pyan, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like -Rieka? <j Ambiofe, Lieutenant ot u Corps of Waggoners, the like

-li*-.

£■ S. d.

463 *> 4i

.64 5

409 1$ 16J

178 8 7i

387 16 a

I64 l6 9-1

?7l 4 a

I,2oo

100

70

150

20

1,280

100

75

Appendix,

____ ,(No. 47-)

d. p* Mail,

con•

»>531 *7 —

>,37o-----

170 --- —

1,455 -

556 10 2

481 1 7

561-----

233 7 6

22 811i

20 1 4$

6 16 6

36 15 3 5 — 9

392 10 —

54 15

40 —

12 10

20 ---

I90 — 140 — I46 —

locf —

100 --

16° — ibo — loo — ioo — 100 — 100 —

45 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 20 — 15 —

10 --

10 — 10 — io -10 — 10 — 10 —

15 —

io —-10 —>

Appendix, (No. 47.) 90 Matt,

continued.

742 Appendix. 1804.

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of £.650,000, Irish Currency—continued.

1803: December 21

Thomas Graham, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, 200 days B&t and Forage, for Campaign 1803 - "

Robert Colville, Lieutenant of a Corps of Waggoners, the like Four Aid deCamps to Lord Cathcart> Commander oi the forces, their Bat and I ora;

for Campaign 1803 ......

Lieutenant General Lord Cathcart, difference of 200 days Bat and Forage, between . Lieutenant General and Commander of the Forces, for Campaign 1803 *

Lieutenant General Myers, difference ot 200 days Bat and forage for Campaign 1803, between Major General and Lieutenant General, and one Aid de Camp Major General Wauchope, the difference of 200 days Bit and Forage for Campaign 1803, between Brigadier General and Major General -Major General Dunne, the like - . ——

Major General Champagne, the like, and one Aid de Camp -Major Pell, Afliltant Adjutant General, the difference of 200 days Bit and Forage for Campaign 1803, between Aid de Gamp and Afliftunt Adjutant General -Ignatius Purcell, Captain Lieutenant of Waggon Corps, the difference of Bit and Forage, for Campaign 1803, between Captain Lieutetiaiit and Lieutenant of laid Corns

Agent to the following Persons, 200 Says Bat and Forage for Campaign 1803:

Robert M. Peille, difference between Staff Surgeon and Aflittant Inspector -William Cummins - - - the like -

Hufon Bigger - - - - the like - -

Deduct the following Re-payments:

From Captain Sotheby, the Balance of his Contingent Account, from lft July 1801 to 30th September following

- - lft Fencible Dragoons, the Balance of their General Account with Government, from 21ft July 1794 to 31ft March 1795 -

- - the Treasurer to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, so much advanced to

Thomas Burgh, Esq. Treasurer to the late Board, to discharge outltanding Demands on laid Board -

- several Regiments of the Line, Fencibles, and Militia, so much advanced to them on account of Sums due them by the late Board of Ordnance, for Emery and Oil ——

Colonel F. Beckwith, the Balance of his Contingent Account as Secretary, to the Commander of the Forces.; viz.

From 25th June 1802 to 24th September following

- - 25th Dec. 1802 to 24th March 1803

- - 25th Mar. 1803 to 24th June following

17

18 16

- Major General Myers, the Balance of his Contingent Accounts* from lft

January 1801 to 24th March 1803 -

- the following Regiments, Balance of their General Accounts:

North Gloucester Militia, from 14th September 1798 to 19th April 1799 Lancashire - - D° - - 4th D° - - - - to4thOch 1709 -

Pembroke - - D° - - 6th April 179010 10th Nov. following -

Several Regiments of the Line and Militia, advances made to them lor Carriage of Baggage ——

£■ s.

10-----

JO -

80 —-----

350-----

50-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

20-----

5-----

15-----

7 bi

.64-2,269 2 2

10,000 -

9,620 12 io

7613 3

3,203 2 —3

124 10 —

•287 — 4

36 2 IO

2,743-----

2?,371 7 5!

650,000 r— ---*

Treasury, Dublin Castle, 3d May 1804.

G. Cavend

An ACCOU NT of the Distribution of £.290,807. 10. 11. part of £.541,666. 13. 4. (£. 500,000. British) granted in Scfliun to enable His Majesty to take such MeasurS as the Exigency of Allairs may require, in that part of the United Kin called Ireland,

The General Agent to the Yeomanry, for Yeomanry Services - _ The Treasurer to the Ordnance, on account of the Expences of that Department The Deputy Barrack Matter General, on account of the Expences of his Department - £. s. d. i95,<J30 13 - 70,000 25,77° >7 li

290,807 10 11

-Treasury, Dublin Cattle,*) — 3d May 1804, G. Cavendish.

4*4 Geo. ill.

Appendix'.

743

Ax ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £.47,788. 7. 6. part of £.54,166. 13. 4. (£.50,000 Eritiffi) granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Contingent Expences id Ireland, for the year 1803; with the Dates of thd respective Payments.

Appendix,

(No. 47 )

9* Man,

continued.

1803: '£• *•

March 16. The Reverend 'Forfter Archer, Inspector General of Prisons, to defray Expences incurred by him in the execution of his Duty, and for extra trouble - - - 103 1 io|

June 29. Captain Brabazon, the Balance of his Account as passed by the Comrfuffioners bf Accounts for raising Men in Ireland for His Majesty’s Fleet, from lft March 1799 to 31ft October 1801 - - - 197 16 u

Patrick Dundas, Esq. late High Sheriff of the County Leitrim, to reimburse him Expences incurred i68 15 3

in the execution of Orders from Government -

July 9. George Gricrfon, His Majestys Printer, in full Discharge of his Account of 50 Sets bf Ififli Statutes

at Large, font to the Ofhce of the Rt. Honourable Henry Legge, London, by order of the Rt. Honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, including the Expences of Cafes, 2468 7 5|

Shipping, &c. ——

August 17. Captain L. Brabazon, to be applied for the Outfit and other Diffiurfements for providing a Vessel, by 515 9 34

Order of Government, for the Reception of Prisoners ——

William Sandvs, Esq. Major of Brigade in Dublin', for the Maintenance of Prisoners in the Provost Marshalsea ----- 309 5

24- The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to complete the Amount ordered to be paid to the Board of Works to discharge Tradesmens’ Bills, 6cc. for Civil Buildings, for the quarter to 5th July 1803 ----- 380 14 gj

September 7. Edward Trevor, Esq. on account of Contingent Expences attending State Prisoners confined in the Gaol of.Kilmainham, &c. - - - 206 3 8J

Mr. John Draper, on account of Expences for providing a Prifofi Ship, and the Maintenance of Prisoners - -- -- - - -- -- 206 3 84

*4? Major General Myers, commanding the Athlone District, to defray the Expences in his District in execution of the Orders given fur the Suppression of the Rebellion ----- 515 9 34

Brigadier General Payne, commanding the Limerick District, the like ----- 5>5 9 34

21. William Sandys, Elq. Major of Brigade in Dublin, for the Maintenance of Prisoners in the Provost Marshalsea - -- -- -- -- - - 515 9 34

as. Alexander Marfden, Esq. under Secretary in the Civil Department of the Chief Secretary's Office, to reimburse him the amount paid by him for the Sublilience of State Prisoners in the Cable, &c. from lit January 18^3 to 30th September following, and for Hire of Carriages and other Expences on account of laid Pnionei $ -1----- - - 585 +-$

Lieutenant General Tarleton, to defray the Expences of the Mallow District, County Cork, in the execution of the Orders given for the Supprelhon of the Rebellion ----- 4o6 3 84

* Brigadier General Sir diaries Grtbn, commanding the Clonmell District, the like 906 3 8£

Brigadier General Wauchope, commanding the District of Belfast ----- 206 3 8|

Alderman John Carleton, to be applied by him in payment of Expences attending the Proceedings of the District Committees appointed for the preservation of the public Tranquillity in the Metropolis 1.237 2 3

October 12. Thomas and William Kemmis, Crown Solicitors for Leinster Circuit, on further account for paying various Law Expences directed by Government; to be accounted for by them , - 2,204 ii —4

Mefirs. Gordon and Hamilton, Crown Solicitors for the North East Circuit, for the purpose of carry-

ing on Profeculions against Peiions within their District, charged with Offences against the Public Peace - -- -- -- 1,759 — 4l

# Thomas and William Kemniii?, Esqrs. Crown Solicitors, to be applied by them in payment of Rewards for discovering and apprehending Persons concerned in the late Rebellion) several of whom have in consequence been apprehended - -- -- 1,209 12 44

David Dbran; in Compensation for the Loss he has fnftained by a Bathing Shed, his property, having been lately taken down by Order of the Commander of the Forces at the Pigeon House 51 10 ii

26. Nicholas Price, Esq. Compiler of The Dublin Gazette, in full discharge of his Account for Proclamations, Advertiiements, &c. published in the said Paper, from 5th July to 5th October 1803, by Order of Government ----- 1,488 12 14

- More, to be by him paid over to the several Proprietors of Newspapers, for Proclamations, Advertiiements, Addrelies, &c. published in said Papers by Order of Government, to the 5th October 1803 - -- -- -- -- - 3,359 io io|

Mr. William Corbet, for extra Printing Work done by Order of Government - 144 6 7

Mefirs. G raileberry and Campbell, the like 107 7 9

Mr. Hu. Fitzpatrick - - - - the like - -- -- - 83 15 3

Mr. John Shea ----- the like - -- -- - 9 — 24

November 2. Thomas and William Kemmis, Ffqrs. Crown Solicitors, to be applied by them in payment for the

Sublilience and other Expences of State Prisoners in the Gaol of Kilinainhani, as directed by Government - 1,030 18 dj

Mr. John Draper, on account of Expences attending the Maintenance of Prisoners, &c. on board the Prison Ships in the Harbour - - - . - * - - 515 9 34

Mr. A. R. Neville, City Surveyor, for Surveys and Maps, by Order of Government * 185 5 8

9- Mefirs. Gordon and Hamilton, Crowfi Solicitors for the North East Circuit, to pay various Law

Expences, by Order of Government - - - 618 11 lj

John Pollock, Elq. Crown Solicitor for the Home Circuit, the like 515 9 34

<6. William Sandys, Esq. Major of Brigade in Dublin, for the Maintenance of Prisoners in the Provost . Marshalsea * - - - 515 9 34

The Proprietor of The Telegraph, to complete his Bill for Proclamations, &cc. published in said Paper by Order of Government, lor 3 months, to 29th September 1803 - 17 5 44

23- The Bank of Ireland, to be applied by the Board of Works in full discharge of the Balances due the Artificers, Tradeiinen, &c. of that Board, on the 5th January 1802 - 6,357 74

744

A. 1804.

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 47.)

9* Maii,

continued. v______ ,_____)

Ireland.—Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.47,788. 7. 6. Irish Currency—continued. \

1803: November 23. Tbt Bank of Ireland, io be applied by the fcommissioners of the Board of Works in Payment of the £. t. J.

Tradesmen and Artificers Bills, and other Charges for Civil Buildings, in the Quarter ended 10th October 1803; and also for fitting up the Gaol of Kilmainham, the Provost, and the Tower, for the Reception of State Prisoners ----- 5,900 3 2$

December 3. John Pollock, Esq. Crown Solicitor for the Home Circuit, being, with the Sum of£. 1,500 advanced on Account, will be in full discharge of his Bill for Prosecutions by Order of Government, on the

Home Circuit, for the year 1863 - - - ----- 1,144 »9 >°.i

Thomas and William Keimnis, Esqrs. Crown Solicitors, to be applied by them in* Payment of Rewards offered by Government for discovering and apprehending Persons concerned in the late Insurrediou More, to be applied by them in Payment of the fcubfistence, and other Expences of State Prisoners in the Gaol of Kilmainham, as directed by Government - -- - 1,546 7 10

1,030 18 6$

Mr. John Draper, on Account of Expences attending the Maintenance of Prisoners, Ac. on board the Prison Ship in the Harbour ----- 515 9 3i

Brigadier General Colin Campbell, to reimburse him a like Sum expended by him in the execution of Orders given for the Suppression of th6 Rebellion in the Dillrid of Belfalt - 1 si 1 4

John Bell, Esq. to defray the Expences incurred in discovering and apprehending several Offenders concerned in the late Rebellion ----- 206 3 8 J

7- Several Persons who have anmnilly received His Majesty's Bounty from the Concordatum Fund, in Sums not exceeding £.3° net- 2,649 5 —

Right honourable William Downes, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, being, with £.70. 18. loj paid Mr. Serjeant Moore for going the last Summer Circuit in his Lordships room, to reimburse him a like Sum dcdu&ed from his Salary for not having gone laid Circuit, which he was prevented from by Public Business - -- -- - - - -4* <0 00 *• co

14- Major General Sir Charles Ross, for Expences incurred within his District, in execution of the Orders

of Government for the Suppression Suppression of the Rebellion - - - - 72 8 i£

Philip W. Harvey, Proprietors of the Freeman s Journal, for printing Advertisements, &c. in said Paper by Order of Government, for one Quarter, from 29 September 1802 to 5 January 1803 - «57 * 5

21. A. B. King, His Majesty’s Stationer, being, with £.408. 5. o$. paid in full of the Grant for Disbursements, &c. for Offices in Dublin CatUe, in full discharge of his Bill for Stationary Ware, Printing Work, and Newspapers, supplied to the several Offices in Dublin Cattle, for the Quarter ending 29 September 1803 - -- -- - - -- - 1,697 12 u£

Geo. Grierson, His Majesty’s Printer, being with £. 873. net, the Amount of the Grant of last Session for Printing the Statutes, in full of his Account (amounting to £. 1,565. 12. 6.) for having printed by Order and for the Use of Government, 250 Sets of the Public General Acts of the 3d Session of the lirft Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, each of the Sets confiding of 2 Volumes, bound in Calf and double lettered, at£. 3. 2. 7J. per Volume - 714 — i>

Mr. Geo. Parker, for extra Printing Work, done by Order of Government - 11 14 6$

II. B. Cody, in Payment of Printing Work, by Order of Government - -: 98 15 ll£

James Galbraith, Esq. Crown Solicitor for the North West Circuit, being, ^rith the Sum of£. 1,000, advanced on Account, will be in full discharge of his Bill for Criminal Prosecutions, for the year 1803 745 15 2

Mr. Serjeant Moore, being, with £. 331. 3. 8. net, already paid him out of Judge Downe's Salary, iu full of £. 400. net, for having gone the last Summer Circuit in the room of laid Judge - 70 18 lof

24. Thomas and William Kcmmis, Crown Solicitors, to be applied by them in Payment of the Subfistence

and other Expences of State Prisoners, as directed by Government ----- 1,030 18 61

Edward Trevor, Eiq. on account of the Contingent Expences attending State Prisoners at the Royal Infirmary ----- 206 3 Sh

Mr. John Draper, on account of the Expences of one of the Prison Ships in this Harbour, which is

£■ 1 ^1 1 00 00 [ 1

T..r.

‘4icaiury, Dublin Ctyile, 3d May 1804.

G. Cavendish.

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

18* Maii.

ACCOUNTS ctf the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of The VETERINARY COLLEGE,

from 1795 to 1803, inclusive.

ACCOUNT of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary College, during the years

1795, 1796, 1797> 1798> 1799, 1800, 1801.

£. s. d.

Amount of Seven Grants, £. 1,500 each - 10,500-----

Reduced by Tees 1,081 5 10

Paid to sundry.Tradesmen and othefs - - 4*358 12 4

Applied during Seven Years in necessary Repairs and Improvements of the College Pre-

mises, and in Aid of the Eftublishment - -- - 2,795 ll *—

£• *- * 9,418 14

Balance to be applied in Discharge of the Loan of £.4,081, borrowed in the year 1792, and for certain Additions tb the College; Plans and Etlimates of which have been* procured, but which have not been effetied on account of the high Prices of Building Materials

2,264 10 10

9,418 14

2

Veterinary College, 7

2*2x1 Tebruary 1802.

J. Butt,

Treasr.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

745

Accounts of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary College, &c.— -continued.

ACCOUNT of the GRANTS made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary College, during 8 Years;

i. e. 1795 a. 1802 inclusive.

£. s. d.

Amount of Eight Grants, £.1,500 each - - - 12,000 — —

Reduced by Fees ----- - 1,224 1 —

Paid to sundry Tradesmen and others - 4>35^ 4

Applied during Eight Years in necesiary Repairs and Improvements of the College Pre-

mises, and in Aid of the Establishment.3,369 10 —

Balance, to be applied in Discharge of the Loan of £.4,081, borrowed in the year 1792, and for certain Additions to the College; Plans and Estimates of which have been procured, but which have not been effected on account of the high Prices of Building Materials ----- - 3,047 16 8

£. t.

10,775 19 —

io,775 19 —

Veterinary College, 7 J.Butt,

22d February 1803. 3 Treasr.

ACCOUNT of the GRANTS made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary College, during 9 Years;

i. e. 1795 a. 1803 inclusive.

£. s. d.

Amount of Nine Grants, £. 1,500 each - -- - 13,500-----

Reduced by Fees - -- -- - 1,366 16 2

Discharged Debts due to sundry Tradesmen ----- - 4,358 12 4

Applied during Nine Years in necessary Repairs and Improvements of the College Pre-

mists, and in Aid of the Establishment - - - - 3,81a 1 10

Applied in part Discharge of the Sum of £.4,081 borrowed for the Buildings of the

College ...... 1,050-----

Balance, intended to be applied in further Discharge of the Loan, and for certain Additions t and nocefary Repairs of the College; Plans and Estimates of which have been provided, approved by a Committee, and directed to be forthwith effetied - 2,912 9 8

£■ «• d.

12,133 3 10

12,13s 3 10

Veterinary College, 7 J. Butt,

'22d February 1804. 3 TreasL

ACCOUNTS of the RECEIPT and E X PE N D IT U R E of The Veterinary College,

for the years ending ?2d February 1802, 1803, and 1804.

RECEIPT and EXPENDITURE of The Veterinary College, for the year ending 22d February 180a.

RECEIVED: £. s. i. PAID: * tm £■ d.

By Subscriptions ----- Stable Accounts - 622 l8 1,172 12 2 To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Insurance - Salaries - Stable Accounts, including Forage, Medicines, 526 14 6 £ov 19 —-

Forge Accounts - Balance, by the Amount of which the Expenditure has exceeded the Receipt 1 27 8 6 489 3 6 and the Weekly Wages of Grooms -Forge Accounts, including Materials, Coals, and the Weekly Wages of Smiths -Incidental Expences, not chargeable to either of the preceding Articles, as Advertisements, Postage, Stationary, Printing, &c. - 1,016 17 10 48 8 -6 118 2 4

£■ 2,312 2 2 £■ 2,312 2

Veterinary College, 7 J. Butt,

22d February 1802. 3 Treasr.

RECEIPT and EXPENDITURE of The Veterinary College, for the year ending 22d February 1803*

RECEIVED: £■ PAID: £■ *■ d.

By Subscriptions - 646 6 — To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Insurance - 395 3 —

Stable Accounts - - Balance, by which Amount the Expenditure has exceeded the Receipt - »,255 6 — 850 14 4 Salaries ----- Stable Accounts, including Forage, Medicines, and the Weekly Wages of Grooms -Incidental Expences, not chargeable to any of the preceding Articles, as Advertisements, Postage, Stationary, Printing, &c. &c. ----- 706 4 — 1,645 6 — 25 J3 4

2,752 6 4 £■ 2,752 6 4

Veterinary College, 7

22d February 1803. y

J. Butt,

Vol. 59.

9 D

Appendix, (No. 48.) 18* Mail,

continued.

746

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No, 48.) 18° Maii,

Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary College, Ac.—continued.

RECEIPT and EXPENDITURE of The Veterinary College, for the year ending 22d February 1804.

Veterinary College, 7 22d February 1804. j

J. Butty

Treas*.

oominucu. | . V—. 1 PAID:

RECEIVED: £• '■ d- £■ *. d.

By Subscriptions - Stable Accounts - Balance, by the Amount of which the Expenditure has exceeded the Receipt 69O 15 — 1,022 11 6 442 11 IO To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, andlnfurance - Salaries - -Stable Accounts, including Forage, Medicines, and the V>eekly Wages of Grooms -Incidental Expences, not chargeable to either of the preceding Articles, as Advertisements, Postage, Stationary, Printing, Ac. Ac. ----- 561 11 3 578 4 7 984 1 8 32 — 10

2,155 IS 4 £■ 2,155 18 4

ACCOUNTS of the DEBTS of The Veterinary College, for the years ending 22d February 1802, 1803, and 1804,

£• s. d. £. 3. d.

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, being the Amount of a Loan to assist the

Building of the College, Stables, Ac. 4,081-----

- Sundry Tradesmen and others -

...... - - - 5,093 4 4

Total of Debts due February 1795 -

Paid sundry Tradesmen and others ----- - 4,358 12 4

Saved by Composition with certain Creditors ----- 1,166 18 —

Balance, to be applied in Discharge of the remaining Debt, and in Aid of the College 2,264 10 10

Total of present Debt* -

9,174 4 4

7,790 1 2

1,384 3 a

Veterinary College, 7 22d February 1802. y

/. Butty

TreasL

£. s. d.

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, being the Amount of a Loan to assist the

Building of the College, Stables, &c. - -- - 4,081-----

Sundry Tradesmen and others

5,093 4 4

Total of Debts in February 1795 -

Paid sundry Tradesmen and others - - 4,358 12 4

Saved by Composition with certain Creditors - - - - 1,166 18 —

Balance, to be applied in Discharge of the remaining Debts, and in Aid of the College 3,047 16 8

Total of present Debt -

Veterinary College, 7 22d February 1803. 3

£■ d.

9.174 4 4

8,573 7

600 17 4

J. Butty

TreasL

£. 9. d.

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, being the Amount of a Loan to assist the

Building of the College, Stables, Ac. ----- - 4,081 — —

Sundry Tradesmen and others - -- -- 5,093 4 4

Renewal of Lease of the Professors House, and necessary Repairs of the fame - 450-----

Certain necessary Additions to, and Repairs of the College; Plans and Estimates of which have been approved by a Committee, and directed to be forthwith effected -

644-----

Paid sundry Tiadefmen and others - - - - 4,358 12 4

Saved by Composition with certain Creditors - - - -1,166 18 —

Paid in part Discharge of Loan -----1,050 -

Balance to be applied in Discharge of the remaining Loan, and iu Aid of the College 2,912 9 8

Total of present Deficiency

£. s. i.

10,268 4 4

9,488-----

780 4 4

Veterinary College, 7

22d February 1804. 3

J. Blitty

TreasL

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

747

A» ACCOUNT of all Monies paid by the Treasury of Ireland, to Officers, or other Persons, for Public Service in Great Britain, lince the lft January 1801: Specifying the Date, and Mode of each Payment, and in what Item of the Blues of the Treasury they are included. . v

■ - Date of Payment. Mode of each Payment. - - V . -

1801; January - 13. Paid to Mr. Jno Smith in London

February - 18. William Elliott, Esq.

September 11. The Under Secretary in the Civil Department in Ireland, for l'everal Officers in the Council Office in Great Britain

30. John Smith, in London -

October - - 2. The IIonblc H? Legge, in London

— Ditto -

10. John Smith, Esq. -

H- The Under Secretary in the Civil Department in Ireland, for Solicitors in Great Britain

10. John Smith, in London -

December 24. George Watson - D®

1802: March - - 24. The Honb,c H* Legge, in London

July 21. Jenkinson and Freemantle

October - 20. The Under Secretary in the Civil Department in Ireland, for Solicitors in Great Britain -

November 10. James Crofton, Esq. by Warrant

16. John Smith, in London -

— - - Ditto -

19. The Under Secretary in the Civil Department in Ireland, for several Officers in the Council Office in Great Britain -

December 11. John Smith, in London -

n- The Honb,e Hr Legge, in London i

- - Ditto - - - i

1803: March - - 24. The HonbIe Hr Legge, in London

April 5. Ditto, per Puget and Bainbi idge 1

October - 15. The Under Secretary in the * Civil Department in Ireland, for Solicitors in Great Britain 1

November 29. John Smith, Esq. in London -

December- 3. - - Ditto - - - I

6. - - Ditto - - - f

10. 13- Cha* Wm Flint, Esq. - - 1 The Under Secretary in the Civil Department in Ireland, for sundry Officers in the Council Office of Great Britain - 1

*5- Mefirs. Puget and Bainbridge, London - - - - I

John Smith, Esq. in London - t

SERVICE.

the Chancellor of the Exchequer in London for contingent Expences attending the Irish Office in London -

for Dispatch of Business relative to Ireland, for Haifa Year, to 25th March 1801 in full of Expences incurred in the Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer in London for fitting up the Irish Office in London -

for contingent Expences attending said Office -

for Stationary for the Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Session 1801 -

for Dispatch of Business relative to Ireland, for Three Quarters, to 24 June 1801 on account of an Annual Allowance of £. 2,000. British, granted for Payment of certain Officers from Ireland attending Parliament to complete said Allowance -

on account of Expences attending tte Irish Office in London -

the Balance of their Account of Disbursements to the Day their Office was discontinued

for Dispatch of Business relative to Ireland, for One Year, to the 24th June 1802 for his Attendance in London in the years 1801 and 1802 -

being the Amount of an Account of Expences of the Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer in London, Session 1801 and 2 -

the Amount of an Account for Stationary for said Office -

for Dispatch of Business relative to Ireland, for One Year, to 25th March 1802 -the Annual Allowance of £.2,000. British, granted for Payment of certain Officers from Ireland, attending Parliament -

1 Discharge of Expences in fitting up 'the Iri Office in London - -

a account of Expences of the Irish Office London -

per annum, granted for the Payment of certain Officers from Ireland, &c. attending Parliament -

Office in London

One Year, to 24th June 1803 a account of Expences for the Business in t Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, from the 3d July 1803, to the end of the last Session -

>r Stationary, &c. for the Office of the Cha ccllor of the Exchequer in London

> reimburse him Sums expended on Account Parliamentary Business -

One Year, to 24th June 1803 '-

) reimburse them for Payments made for t Irish Office in London -

> complete an Allowance of £.2,000. Britil per Annum, granted for the Payment of certain Officers from Ireland, &o. attending Parliament -

Amount.

Tre.ifury, Dublin Castle, \ 15th May 1804. 3

Item of the Treasury Accounts, in which they are included.

£■ s. d.

100 6 0 Grant for Treasury Incidents.

1,083 6 8 T D° for Printing and Station-

l ary for Public Offices.

335 3 10 Civil List.

193 12 1 Grant for Treasury Incidents*

>,675 5 *3 D° for Civil Buildings.

1,859 J9 n| j D° for Printing and Station-

, t ary for Public Offices.

83 18 5 - - Ditto*

587 3 6 Civil List.

1,720 iS 2 C Annuities, and Compenfa* I tion Allowances.

445 15 2

8,085 2 nj

402 1 2t f Grant for Printing and Sta-

\ tionary for Public Offices.

186 0* 00 r* D° for Civil Contingencies.

e* oc 18 0 Civil List.

1,014 7 4} Grant for Civil Contingencies,

425 16 8 D° for Treasury Incidents,

190 4 7 - - - Ditto.

670 7 8 Civil List.

2,166 13 A C Annuities, and Compenfa-

T t tion Allowances.

1,116 16 9 Grant for Civil Buildings,

1,675 5 if f D° for Printing and Station-I ary for Public Offices.

8,631 9 7

223 7 4. C Annuities, and Compenfa*

T £ tion Allowances.

654 4 llj f Grant for Printing and Sta-\ tionary for Public Offices.

00 r- 18 0 Civil List.

801 6 8$ Grant for Treasury Incidents,

241 H 1? ( D° for Printing and Statioa-

4 | ary for Public Offices.

109 8 1 Ditto.

558 15 73 - - - Ditto.

670 7 8 Civil List.

1,641 C Grant for Printing and Sta-

5 1 | tionary for Public Offices.

C Annuities, and Compenfa-| tion Allowances.

1,943 * 6 0

7,626 13 7$

Appendix,

(No. 49.)

230 Mail.

G. Cavendish.

748

Appendix.

A. 1804

BENGAL.

No. I,

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bah a r, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oube, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post-Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy and Revenue, Land Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latefi Estimate of the fame.

1800-1. 1801-2. 1802-3. Per Estimate. 1803-4.

CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Duties - 45.822 57,174 63,733 1,16,000

Post-Oflice Collections * 2,43,862 2,63,719 2,95,837 2,83,040

Benares Revenue and Customs 51,65,387 46,26,491 58,42,163 54,05,600

Oude Subsidy, and Revenues

of the Provinces ceded by the Nabob Vizier - 1,16,49,818 1,48,68,246 2,02,79,372 1,60,72,614

Land and Sayer Revenues:

Collections thereof, including former year's Balances 3,21,87,666 3,29,63,027 3,29,57,614 3,15,98400

Judicial Fees and Fines, &c. 5,00,214 4>96,647 7,46,726 8,42,160

Customs - . - 14,11,580 28,57,641 32,23,798 32,48,000

Sale of Salt 1,12,97,197 1,09,62,842 1,44,67,745 1,82,70,000

Sale of Opium - 37,25,020 36,76,578 53,46,538 41,76,000

Stamp Duties - 3,56,78o 5,07,522 5,77,348 6,38,000

Total Revenues r CR# 6,65,83,346 7,12,79,887 8,38,00,874 8,06,49,814

Deduct Charges - 4,70,24,004 4,73,34,782 4,91,41,053 5,06,69,40a

Net Revenues - CR* 1>95>59>342 2,39,45,105 3,46,59,821 2,99,80,412

No. 2.

AN ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, 13aiia:i, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military? and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with' the latest Estimate of the fame.

1800-1. 1801-2. 1802-3. Per Estimate, 1803-4.

CIVIL: CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Charges c - 1,87,017 1,88,770 2.05,540 2,32,000

Post-Office Charges 2,04,202 2,22,388 2,56,503 2,32,000

Charges of Collections, &c. in Benares - 7,67,305 9,94,941 9,13,412 8,79,97®

Charges of the Resident’s Office, &c. at Lucknow, and of the Ceded Provinces 2,34,938 5,i4>®o3 21,28,898 31,05,143

Other Charges of the Civil Establishment 43,57,658 # 45,82,325 58,69,506 50,10,040

Total Civil Charges, CR* 57,51,120 65,02,427 93,73.859 94>59»159

JUDICIAL:

Supreme Court of Judicature, and Law Charges - 6,07,599 5,19,787 5,42,245 5,58,043

Charges of the Dewanny and Nizamut City, and Zillah Adawluts; also, of the Police Establishments, and Courts of Appeal - 43,53,026 41,12,329 41,87,876 42,71,120

Total Judicial Charges, CRS 49,60,625 46,32,116 47,30,121 48,29,163

MILITARY:

Charges on the Company's Account, including Contracts, Contingencies, and King's Troops 1,35,76,466 1,15,65,121

Charges on the Vizier's Account - 1,12,00,987 1,41,28,627 — —

Total Military Charges, CR* 2,47,77,453 2,56,93,748 2,37,78,88a 2,49,66,680

Marine - 4,92,204 7,64,095 7,04,693 7,69,080

Buildings and Fortifications 11,99,637 9,98,880 12,69,600 12,93,4°®

Revenue Charges,including Stipends - 51,24,651 47,15,166 49,85,007 48,26,76#

Customs—Charges ot Collection - 1,19,480 2,22,211 3,25,803 3,25,960

Salt — Advances and Charges - 35,26,659 28,46,288 31,21,262 33,06,000

Opium - D° - and - D° 10,53,810 9,4i,27i 8,29,900 8,12,000

Stamp-Office Charges - 18,365 18,580 21,926 81,200

Total Charges - CR’ 4,70,24,004^ 4,73,34,782 1 4,9‘,4i,053 ! 5.06,69,40*

East India House, 7

iff June 1804. y

(Errors excepted.) Wm Wright

Auditor of India Accounts.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

749

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues—continued.

BENGAL.

No. 3.

Appendix, (No 50.) 1° Junii,

continued.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVENUES df THE EAST INDIA COMPANY in the Provinces of Bengal, Baiiar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Colledions, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy and Revenue, IaiiuI Revenues, Judicial Fees, &c. Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties; for the Year 180 2-3; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same year.

REVENUES. Eft i mated Amount, 1802-3. Actual Amount, 1802-3. Surplus in the Actual Receipts. Deficiency in the Actual Receipts.

Mint Duties - CR* 87,000 CR* 63,733 CR* CR* 23,267

Post-Office Collections 2,69,120 «,95,837 26,717 —

Benares Revenue, including Customs - 56,52,680 58,42,163 1,89,483 —

Oude Subsidv, and Revenues of Ceded Provinces - 1,69,68,480 2,02,79,372 33,10,892 —

Land Revenues - 3,11,19,320 3,29,57,614 18,38,294 —

Judicial Department, Fees, Fines, See. - 5,20,840 7,46,726 2,25,886 —

Customs - 30,62,400 32,23,798 1,61,398 —

% Sale of Salt - - - i,43>84,oooo 1,44,67,745 83,745 —

Sale of Opium 34,80,000 53,46,538 18,66,538 —

Stamp Duties - 5,80,000 5,77,348 - - - 2,652

Total Revenues - CR* 7,61,23,840 8,38,00,874 77,0^,953 25*919

Dedud Charges - CR* 4.53.50,655 4*77,55,121 "Net Surplus'S of adnal Re- > 76,77,034 ccipta - - - j Net Surplus of ) Actual Charges 5 ^4»°4,4

Net Revenues - CR1 3,07,73, >85 3,60,45,753 Surplus of Net Revenues - } 52,72,568

CHARGES. Estimated Amount, 1802-3. t — Actual Amount paid and due, 1802-3. Surplus in Actual Charges. Deficiency in Actual Charges.

CR* CR* CR* CR*

CIVIL: Mint Charges 1,85,600 2,01,366 15,766 —

Post Office Charges * 2,32,000 2,54,415 22,415 —

Charges of Collections, &c. in Benares - 8,51,672 9,61,552 1,09,880 —

Charges of the Resident’s Office at Lucknow, and of the Ceded Provinces 19,28,500 21,15,239 1,86,739

Other Charges of the Civil Department 43,01,948 52,12,227 9,",i79 *—

Total Civil Charges, CR* 74,98,820 87,44,799 i*,45,979 —

JUDICIAL: Supreme Court of Judicature, and Law Charges 5,25,338 5,61,547 36,209

Charges of the Adawluts and Police - 42,94,453 42,31,089 - - - 63,364

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 48,19,791 47,92,636 36,209 63,364

MILITARY: Charges on the Company’s Account - X

D° - on the Vizier's Account ——

Total Military Charges, CR* 2,24,44*492 2,32,20,770 7,76,278 —

Marine Charges 6,09,000 6,61,163 52,163

Buildings and Fortifications 8,00,400 11,87,752 3,87,352 —

Revenue Charges - 49,08,192 48,49,110 - - - 59,08*

Customs—Charges, of Col-ledions ... 2,50,560 3,25,803 75,243 —

Salt—Advances and Charges - 31,32,000 31,21,262 - - - 10,73*

Opium—Advances and Charges - 8,12,000 8,29,900 17,900 —

Stamp-Office Charges 75,400 21,926 ... 53.474

Total Charges - - CR* 4,53,50,655 4,77,55,121 25.91,1*4 1,86,658

_ Net Surplus of 1 Actual Charges J 24,04,466

last India House, 7 ill June 1804. j

V01. 55.

(Errori excepted.)

, W* If right J

Auditor of India Accounts.

9 E

Appendix,

A. 1804

50

Appendix, (No. jo.)

1° Junii,

continued.

Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—continued.

FORT St. GEORGE.

No. 4.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements fuhordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post-Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Aucot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1800-]801. 1801-2. CO 1 Cl O CO Per Estimate, 1803-4.

Pag* Pag' Pag’ Pag*

Post-Office Colledions - 44.775 37,595 38,199 37,oooo

Land and Sea Castoms (Mint

and Coinage Duties included) - 1,04,925 2,39,440 2,57,274 3,05,121

i Subsidy from the Nabob of •

Arcot, and Revenues and Customs collected in the Carnatic, from August 1801 - 9,00,000 2>,95,122 26,85,250 31,50,307

Subsidy from the Rajah, and

Revenues and Customs col-

lected from Tanjore - 8,18,851 10,44,043 10,54,347 10,63,554

Subsidy from the Rajah of

Mysore, and Revenues collected from the Ceded and Conquered Countries - - 33.75.8oo 37,34,826 35,28,980 35,82,885

Subsidy from the Nizam, and

Revenues of the Countries *

ceded in lieu of Subsidy - 9,'0,505 >5,85,610 15,97,208 15,02,990

Land Revenues - 23,94,497 27,39,930 23,32,771 24>io,237

Farms and Licences - >,32,721 1,90,793 2,36,077 1,16,045

Revenues of Dutch Settle-

ments - >,02,595 56,660 82,154 48,099

Total Revenues - Pagodas 38,50,669 1,18,24,025 l,l8,t2,26o 1,22,22,238

No. 5.

AtJ ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort Sr. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circarsj distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the latelt Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

\ 1800-1. 1801-2. 1802-3. Per Estimate, 1803-4.

Pag* Pag* Pag* Pag*

Post Office Charges - 39,624 39,58o 42,260 46,000

Civil and Judicial Charges - 3,67,296 3,87,869 5,28,402 6,33,35*

Military Charges (including

King’s Troops) 78,24,695 89,28,089 78,18,212 84,29,925

Buildings and Fortifications Charges on the Revenues 1,04,990 1,48,997 99,141 23,708

and Customs Charges collecting the Revenues of the Carnatic, 9,77,467 9,88,444 9,36,944 8,55,572

Pensions, &c. Charges collecting the Revenues of Tanjore, Pen- 5,71,734 9,82,956 10,81,385

fions, &c. - - - Charges of Ceylon, and Dutch Settlements, including Charges of Dutch 5,89,988 4>28,765 3,70,150 4,20,52*

Prisoners - Charges and Stipends in Mysore, and in the Ceded 2, H,937 1,39,738 4,20,440 1,90,304

and Conquered Countries Charges collecting the Revenues of the Countries ceded by the Nizam, Pen- 8,42,226 \ 8,66,817 7,92,049 6,11,444

fions, &c. - 52,674 2,13,005 2,81,546 2,53,0 So

Total Charges - - 1,10,13,897 1,27,13,03* I,22,7‘2,lOO 1,25,45,394

Dedud Revenues - 88,50,669 1,18,24,025 1,18,12,260 1,22,22,238

Net Charges -Pagodas 21,63,228 8,89,013 4,59,840 3*23,150

East India TTnufe, 7

1 u June ifcu j, j

(Errors excepted.) ' W* Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

751

■ Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—continued.

FORT St. GEORGE.

Appendix, (No. 50.)

i° Junii, continued.

No. 6.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the R E V EN U E S of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Tort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; under the Heads ot, Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll-./face Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjorf., &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; lor the year 180-2-3; and of the Charges defrayed for the same year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distingullhing the fame reflectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

: [ 1 Estimated Actual Actual Amount

▲mount to be Amount Surplus in the Deficiency Estimated paid and due Surplus in Deficiency

received for received in Actual in the Actual Amount in on Account, the Actual in the ACtu&l

1802-3. 1802-3. Receipts. Receipt*. 1802-3. 1802-3. Charges. Charges.

REVENUES. Fag* Pag* Pag* CHARGES. Pag* Pag9 Pag* Pag*

Pag* O

Poll-Office Collections - 42,000 38,199 - - . 3,8oi Post-Office Charges - 40,000 41,806 1,806 —

Land and Sea Customs - 1,96,693 2,57,*74 6o,5Si — Civil and Judicial Charges 8,23,945 5,26,000 2,02,055 —

Revenues of the Carnatic 27,00,088 26,85,250 - - _ 23,838 Military Charges (including

King’s Troops) 72,34,813 78,89,555 ' 6,54,74* -*

D® - of Tanjore - 9,67.137 10,54,347 87,210 — Buildings and Fortifications 55,000 99,141 44

Subsidy from the Rajah of

Mysore, and Revenues of Charges on the Revenues

Ceded Countries 1792, and and Customs 10,53,488 9,36,944 - - - 1,16,544

Conquered Countries 1799 36,33,4*3 35,28,980 1,04,443 D° - on - D° - and D°

D® - from the Nizam, and of the Carnatic - 9,90,291 9,82,956 - - - 7,335

Revenues of the Coun- A

tries ceded by him - - 13,98,651 15,97,208 1,98,557 — D# - on - D° - - and D°

of the Ceded and Conquered

Land Reveni es - *4,66,330 23,32,771 - - - 1,33,559 Countries, including My- ..

• fore Stipends - 9,19,761 7,90,227 - - - 1,29,534

Farms and Licences - 2,10,112 2,36,077 25,965 — D® - on the Revenues of

Revenues of Dutch Settle- Tanjore - 4,74,521 3,70,150 - - - 1,04,371

ments - 52,489 82,154 29,665 — Charges of Ceylon and

Dutch Settlements, in-

Total Revenues - Pag9 1,16,75,923 1,18,12,260 4,01,978 2,65.641 cluding Dutch Prisoners 16,722 4,20,440 4,03,718 —

Deduct Charges - - 1,13,89,19' Net Surplus') of Actual J Receipt*. 3 1,36,337 Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs of the Countries ceded by the

Net Revenues - - - 2,86,732 2,80,650 2,81,546 896 L~

Nizam -

Total Charges - Pag* 1,13,89,191 1,23,38,765 13,07,358 3,57,784

• 9,49,574 C Net Surplus ? of Actual Charge*.

DeduCl Revenues - 1,18,12,260 1,36,337 C Net Surplus \ ot Actual Receipts.

Net Charges - Pag8 - - - 5,26,505 8,13,237 C Actual Ac-y enunt worse J than the £1-

V timate.

of India Accounts.

East India House,

id June 1804. 5

(Errors excepted.)

Wm Wrights

Auditor

1

752

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No, 50.)

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues—continued.

BOMBAY.

No. 8.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE

1° Junii,

continued. x T

, No. y.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST 9 INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Set1-tferaents fuboYdinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, 6cc.; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1800- 1801. 1801 " 1802. 1802- 1803. Per Eiliniate, 1803-1804.

R‘ R* R* (B) R‘ 25,17,505

Land Revenues * 4>oi>i59 4,85,076 6,04,582

Customs and Duties - 9.46.710 11,42,681 14,00,838 10,53,615

Farms and Licences 5.95.906 7,10,718 8,09,089 6,56,977

Subsidy from the Rajah of Travancore - 3,«i.457 3,8M57 3,8 M57 3,81,457

Revenue from the Ceded Countries, iucluding Customs, &c. - (A) 3,21,052 — — —

Total Revenues - Rupees 25,46,284 27,19,93a 31,95,966 46,09,554

(a) Transferred to Fort St. George, from l ft July 1800.

(b) Including the late Cessions in Guzerat, &c. by the Peihwa and

Guicowar; and Broach.

EAST INDIA COMPANY at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distingnifliing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the latelt Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1800- 1801. 1801- 1802. 1802- 1803. Per Estimate, 1803. 1804.

R* R* R* 11*

Civil Charges - 12,69,416 14,78,104 15,88,620 14,22,701

Marine Charges 13,56,455 10,38,817 10,55,057 10,50,000

Military Charges (including King's Troops) 80,42,672 76,09434 75,04,475 95,98,000

Buildings and Fortifications 1,91,226 148,172 1,52,708 4,24,080

Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - 4,92,806 4,34,451 5,45,049 ^950,825

D° - - D°, &c. of the Ceded Countries - (A) 1,81,144 — — —

Total Charges 1,15,33,719 1,07,08,978 1,0845,909 1,31^5,606

Deduct Revenues - 25,46,284 27,19,932 31,95,966 46,09,554

Net Charges 89,87,435 79,89,046 76,49,943 85,36,05 a

East India House, 7 (Errors cxeepted.) Wm Wright,

iftjunt 1804. J Auditor of India Accounts.

BOMBAY.

No. 9. x

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and ASual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the year 1802-3; and of the Charges defrayed for the same year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the fame respectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

REVENUE. Estimated Amount to be received in 1802-3. Actual Amount received in 1802-3. Surplus in the Actual Receipts. Deficiency in the Actual Receipts. CHARGES. Estimated Amount in 1802-3. Actual Amount paid and due on Account, 1802 - 3. Surplus in the Actual Charges. Deficiency in the Actual Charges.

Land Revenues -Customs - Farms and Licences - Subsidy from the Rajah of Travencore - - D# - from the Guicowar - R» 5,84480 *0,51,500 8,49,500 3,8i,457 7,80,000 R* 6,04,582 14,00,838 8,09,089 3,8i,457 R* 20,102 349,338 R* 40,411 7,80,000 Civil Charges r Marine Charges Military Charges (including King's Troops Buildings and Fortifications Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - R* 13,25,480 10,39,900 49,95,5oo 2,15,000 4,89,956 R* 16,13,251 9,61,813 76,58,505 1,52,708 5,40,890 R* 2,87,771 26,63,005 50,934 R* 78,08; 62,292

Total Charges - Rupees 80,65,836 1,09,27,167 30,01,710 M°>379

Total Revenues - Rupees 36,46,937 3l,95,96« 3,69,440 8,20411 Net Surplus io Actual Charges - Net Deficiency in Actual Revenues 128,61,331

Net Deficiency in the Actual Revenues - 4,50,971 Deduct Revenues - 36,46,937 31,95,966 | 4,50,07*

,..r —. Surplus in the Actual Net Charges 133,12,302

Net Charges - - 44,18,899 77,31,201

East India House, > (Errors excepted.) Wm Wright,

aft June 1804. y Auditor of India Accounts-

44 Guo. III. Appendix. * 7

Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—continued.

No. IO.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the fame can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively; for Three Years; according to the luted Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

.Append!*, (No. $o.) i* Junii,

con tilled.

Per Estimate,

1800-1801. 1801 - l80Q. 1802 * 1803. 1803-1804.

BENGAL: CR* CR* CR* CR-

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates 16,30,751 <4>i8,474 17,77.401 14,46>52©

MADRAS: Pag‘ Pag* Pag* Pag-

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates - 2,05,937 i>45,9i7 *,19,941 2,81,91!

BOMBAY: Rupees: Rupees: Rupees: Rupees:

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates -tea *>67,093 4*7.337 1 i *. .1* w* — *,4*»487 1,95,400

East India Hoofe,) lft June 1804. 3

(Errors excepted.) W* Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

No. 10. (a).

An ACCOUNT of the EXPENCESof the Residency of Fort Marlbro’ and its Dependencies; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Per Estimate,

1798-9. 1799-1800. 1800- 1. 1801-2.

Civil Charge's ----- Dollars 160411 117,506 208,260 17L50O

Military Charges ----- 237,910 179,6*3 168,750 167,000

Buildings and Fortifications 86,011 33,9*9 31,963 1,000

Total Charges - Deduct, 4*4,33* 33>,058 408,973 339,500 ,

Revenues arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences - *4,5io 35,933 45,236 50,030

Net Charges - - Dollars 459,8*2 295,125 363,737 289,470

East India House, 7 (Errors excepted.) Wm Wright,

lft June 1804. 3 Auditor of India Accounts*

No. 10. (b).

AMOUNT of the EX PENCES of the Island of St. Helena, and the Fa&oiy of Canton; for Three Yearrf;

according to the latest Advices.

ST. HELENA: 1799- 1800. 1800-1801. 1801 -1802.

Civil Charges ----- - . 13,558 13,126 *0,954

Military Charges - - 37,9*6 41,809 41,375

Buildings and Fortifications - - 3,946 4,170 3,081

Total Charges - 55,4*0 59,105 65,410

Deduct,

Revenues arising from Rents, Farms, and Customs 1,218 1,231 1,206

Net Charges - - £.s* 54,202 57,874 64,204

CANTON: 1800-1801. 1801 -1802. 1802-1803,

Factory Charges - - Tales 130,152 *35,57* . 142,883

At 6s, 8 d, per Tale - - £.St* 43',384 45,191 47,628

East India House, 7 (Errors excepted.) tym Pfgrtghi

ill June 1804. 3 Auditor of India Accounts.

Vol. 59. 9 F

•754

Appendix

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 50.)

» continued•

1-----/

2 40 Apr ills.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues^-cowfim/erf.

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to id day of March 1804, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in Great Britain; and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float.

Amount of PROCEEDS of the Sale of Go.ods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments) in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame, for the Current Year.


RECEIPTS: - - - - ill March 1803 to id March 1804. - - - - PAYMENTS:

Cash in the Treasury ill March 1803 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on Tea -

Company’s Goods fold -

Honourable Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre delivered -

Private Trade Goods fold -

Charges and Profit on Private Trade

Customs - - - on D°

Freight - - * on D° - -

One Year's Interell received of the Bank of England, being the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Ad 33 Geo. III. cap. 47^. - . -

Government, on account of Stores and Supplies

Bonds issued -

Loyalty Loan -

Almshouses at Poplar -

£• d.

1,009,821 19 2 5,482,304 8 5

40,000-----

2,071,258 16 4 176,586 17 9 68,810 5 9

57>13 —

36,211 15 10

1,000,000-----

226,200-----

274,275 10 —

791 16 7

io,443^74 —

Customs -

Freight and Demorage -

Goods and Stores exported -

India Debt -

Bills of Exchange drawn from India

---D°----- - China

Bullion exported -

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, and Interest on Loans, &c. -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds

Bonds bought up, and paid in on Salas -

Proprietors of Private Trade -

Captains whose Ships are worn out

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough, and retired from Service -

Balance in Favour ill March 1804 -

£• d.

156,537 1* 7 i»58i,777 19 7 2,231,703 6 .3

89,996 18 7 586,134 17 8

230,569 8 10

1,526,716 13 1

752,811 10 9 707,512 1 u

130.550 -

2,165,404 5 8

H.+43 17 —

96,667 — 5

10,270,825 18 4 172,448 11 8

KM43/274 10

ESTIMATE of the fame for the Current Year, from ill March 1804 to iff March 1805.

£• * da £• *• d.

Cash In the Treasury iff March 1804 (Morning) Customs - 164,106

exclusive of Duty on Tea - - - - 172,448 Freight and Demorage - 1,399,50°

Company's Goods fold, and to be sold 6,598,496 Goods and Stores exported - 1,834,857

Private Trade Goods fold before iff March 1804 Charges and Profit on Private Trade Indian Debt ----- 500,000

510,703 150,000 Bills of Exchange from India and China -Bullion to be exported - 834>546 644,402

One Year's Interest, at £.3 per-Cent. per Ann. on £. 1,207,559. 15 1. the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred tu the Bank, agreeably to t Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, Interest on Loans, Commercial Residents in India, Buildings, &c. - 750,000

Act of Parliament - 36,226 Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds 721,000

Persons returned from India - 17,860 Bonds advertised to be paid off 15,517

Bonds paid ill on Sales which may be re-issued - Proprietors of Private Trade - - 480,000

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough, and retired from Service - - Warrants passed the Court unpaid - Buyers of Tea returned ----- £■ Balance in Favour, ill March 1805 - 100,000 55,100 971 7,499,999 — 157,634 — —

£■ 7,657,633 £• 7,657,633 —

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

755

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues—continued.

A STATEMENT of their BOND DEBTS and SIMPLE CONTRACT DEBTS, with the Rates of Interest; they reflectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the state of the Cacti remaining ill their Treasury, and other Etle&s appertaining

Appendix, (No. 50.) 24* Aprilis,

continued.

to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float, on the lft day of March 1804.

To Bonds bearing Interest at £.5 per-Cent per Ann. -

To Bonds not - D° -

To Bills of Exchange unpaid from China ——

To - D° ...... India

To - D° - -- India, on Account of the Indian Debt -

To Cutlorns on Goods fold and unfold - ’ -

To die Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities at £, 4 per-Cent. per Annum To D° - - for Interest on the above Loan To Freight and Demorage

To Supra Cargoes Commission on Goods fold and unfold -

To Proprietors of Private Trade on all Goods fold -

To Almshouses at Poplar -

To Interest on Military Fund more than applied - - - * -

To D° - on Contingent D* -

To what owing in the Department of the Committee of Shipping, exclusive of Exports

To what owing for Exports of former Seasons - -

To what owing for Bonds issued to Commanders whose Ships are worn out -

To what owing to the Warehouse Contingent Fund -

To Warrants pafl’ed the Court unpaid ——

To what owing for Teas returned by the Buyers, and refold -

To Interest on Bonds -

To Dividends on Stock ——

Balance in Favour

£■ 1,829,050

|5>5*7

53M55

- 362,044

- a,925

7*374

- ' 700,000 —

- 9,333

- 218,50a

66,000

480,000

69,649 —

- 9,385 —

1,789 -—.

- 131400 —.

76,484 —

- 1,900 —

1,675 —

55,100 — —.

• 97»—

56,525 —

54,989 —

4,788,865 —~ —*

- 14,379,871 —-

/• 19.168,736 —-

By what due from Government to the Company - -- - £.

By Calli, its Balance on lft March 1804, including Cacti belonging to the separate Fund - £, 156,931 By Cacti reserved to pay off Bonds advertised to be paid off - - 15*517

By the Amount of Goods fold not paid for ——

By the HonbIe Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre delivered -

By the Value of Goods in England unfold - - ......

By Cargoes from England not arrived in India and China at the Dates of the several Quick Stocks -By Exports paid for exclusive of Bullion -

By Silver exported, and remaining in the Treasury, paid for ——

By Impress and War Allowances paid Owners of Ships not arrived in England -

By the Value of Ships, Sloops and Vessels, exclusive of those stationed abroad ——

By the Value of the East India House and Warehouses, Sic, -

By what due from Government for Stores and Supplies to His Majesty's Troops, as per Account made up to lft March 1804 ——

By what owing from sundry Persons returned from India, and in India, to be repaid in England

1,207,560-----

172,448-----

1 >450*499 -

8,000 — —*

4,764*344 — —

4*235,602-----

1,320,082-----

268,552-----

577,073 —

81,810 — — 992,169-----*

4*018,000 —- —

72,597 -

—_______» 1

19,168,736 —

An ACCOUNT of New or Increased Salaries* Establishments, or Pensions, payable in Great Britain, which have [beengranted

between lft March 1803 to lft March 1804.

- Increase of Salary to Major James Cuninghame* Irifpe&or of Military Stores*

- Annuity to Geo. Tatem, Esq. late a Director. \

- D° - - Lieut. Col. Robson, late Governor of St Helena.

- New Salary to Mr. Jonathan Scott, Professor of Oriental Languages.

C Sundry small Annuities and Pensions to Officers retired, and Widows of deceased Officer^ and Increase { of Salary to Junior Clerks*

Total - - 2,488 89

jC-5°° -300 -200 -200 -

East India House, 7

17th April 1804. C (Errors excepted.)

Cha* Cartwright,

Accomptant General.

756

Appendix

*4. 1804

Appendix,

(N* si.)

18 'Junii.

Ah AC C O U NT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual C IIA R G E of the PUBLIC D E B T, by the Interest of any Loan

the said Act: And also, an Estimate of the Produce of the fe%eral Duties, granted for defraying the Charge

BY VIRTUE of an Act 34 Geo. III. cap. 1. the Sum of £. 11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1794, upon the following Tefms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to To £.25 Capital Stock, £. 4 percent. Annuities, amounting to -And H5. 5 d. per Ann. for 66 and | Years, amounting to - -

By Virtue of two other Acts, 34 Geo. III. cap. 21. and 56. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Vidualiing Bills, delivered Up to be Cancelled, were entitled, for every £. loo containdl in such Bills, to £. 101 Capital Stock, £.5 per Cent. Annuities, amctanting to -

1 1,000,000-----

•2,750,000-----

6*,791 *3 4

1,9*6,525 12 5

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of the said £. 11,000,000, £.3 per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £.4,95©. for Management

D° - of the said £.2,750,000, £. 4 per-Centum Annuities, including £. 1,237. 10 for Management -

D* - of the said Annuity of 115. 5 </. per-Centum, including £.706. 85. r/. for Management -

D° - of the above £. 1,926,525. 125. 5 d. £. 5 per-Centum Annuities granted in lieu of Navy and Vidualiing Bills, delivered of to be cancelled, including £. 866. 185. 8j d. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 11,000,000, £. 3 per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, ifihed Quarterly to the Commissione.s for the Uedudion of the National Deb;, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. cap. 55 - amounts Annually to ——

of the said £,2,750,000, £.4 per-Cent. Annuities - D® - D° -

of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 11 5. 5 d. per-Centum, for 66 J Years, at the end of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to -

of the abov© £. 1,926,525. 125. 5 d. £.5 per-Centum Annuities, D° - D® -

D°

D°

Surplus of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1804

£ •. <1.

334.950 — 111,237 10 — 63>+98 1 5|

97>*93 4 4

110,000 -

27,500-----

9,680-----

19,265 5 —

773.324 — 9i

434,025 4 71

1,207,349 5 5

BY VIRT U E of an Act 35 Geo. III. cap. 14. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1795, upon the following Terms Viz.

•The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 100 Capital Stock £. 3 per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

To £. 33. 65. 8 cL Capital Stock £. 4 per-Centum Annuities, amounting to -

And, to an Annuity of 85. 6d. for 651 Years, to which a further Annuity of 15. for the fame Term was added by

Ad 35 Geo. III. cap. 128, amounting together to -

By Virtue of another Act, 35 Geo. III. cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Vidualiing Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to £. 108 Capital Stock £. 5 per-Centum Annuities ——

*. d.

18,000,000-----

6,000,000-----

85,500-----

1,609,897 17

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by tie above Acts, is as follows; Viz

In respect of the said £. 18,000,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 8,100 for Management -

D® - of the said £. 6,000,000. £. 4 per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 2,700 for Management -

D° - of the above Annuity of 95. 6 d. per-Cent. for 65 £ Years, including £.961. 17. 6. for Management

P° - of the above £.1,609,897. 17. 1. £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Vidualiing Bills cancelled, including £. 724. 9. 11. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.18,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. amounts Annually to- - - . -

D° - of said £; 6,000,000. £. 4 per-Cent. Annuities - - D® - - D° - -

D° - of the future Actual Value of the said Annuity of 95. 6d* per-Cent. for 65 J Years at the end of 45 Years - - - D° - - - D° - -

D° - of the Capital Stock of £. 1,609,897. 17. 1. £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities - - D® - - D®

Surplus of this Fund, in the Year tnded 5th January 1804 - - - -

£ '• d.

548,100-----

242,700-----

86,461 17 6

81,219 6 11

180,000'-----

60,000-----

12,835-----

16,098 19 6

1,227,415 3 11

308,732 10 u| i-536»>47 >4 10*

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

757

* k" rr: or * - - * -«* * c~ «■: ,3,«^ ,y *. ,* »f

incurred in respect of the lame, in the year ended the 5th day of January 1804.

Append ia

(No. 51.)

18* Junii,

continued.


1 l'chhc I*b lina^ d w! the by the A^S "^-ment.oned, for def.aying the Increased Annual Charge of the

I>*

If

If

If

I)'

If

If

Per A£h

34 Geo. Ill

cap. 2

- 3

The Piodure of the Add.tional Dubes on British Spirits If


- of the Dutie« on Foreign Spit its

nl ili- Stump Dut.fi on Indentures ot Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies

• of the Adtlitinn.il Duties ot Lxeileon Bucks and Tiles «...

• D® - -- -- - Customs D° -

- of the Duty ot Cut'oms on Paper ......

• ot !lie Add.r.otul Duty on (Jluls ......

• of the Duty on Slates and Stones -

Jteiervrd out ot tiic Duties on Paper (F.xcise) liyAcl 42 Geo. III. cap. 94. in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 134,632. per Annum

" 4

- 14

- 15

- 1)<

- 20

• V

- 51

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Year 1794, should be added the Amount of thofeon Su^ar received in the year ended 5th January ihoj, winch were granted in 1794, to defray the Increased Annual Charge of the Puulic Debt creaud in that year, but are now granted Annually

£• *-

»35,336-----

177,198-----

177,606 — — 23,508 11 1

80,2*20-----

34 5 7

896 6 8

62,259-----

27,956 12 —4

134,6.32-----

819,706 15 4} 387,642 10 —f

THE PRODUCE of th» fever.d Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased the Pullic Debt, created in the year 1795 i

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Wine

D°

D#

D* D* D° D° D• D° D° D° !)•

- of - - D* - - on Sweets

- of - - D° - - on Brit 11I1 Spirits -

-of - - D8 - - on Foreign D#

- of - - I)# - - on Tea

-of - - D’ - - on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts

- of the Duties on Fruit, Salad Oil, &c.

- of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals -

- of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, Ac. -

- of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates

- of the Additional Stamp Duties on Receipts

- of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances

Per A<fh 35 Geo. ill.

cap. 10. D°

11.

12.

*3-

D*

20.

r°

55.

49-

55.

63-

Cash brought to th.s Account from the Revenue of the Post Office, pursuant to Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 18. D- - - D- - . -r

by the Loan of this Year ......

Annual Charge of

£• *• 538,177 6 lii

8.157-----

111,004-----

177,172-----

255.876 —7 —

31,628-----

H9.337 6 61 13.9°7 3 " 38,197 18 — 45.9*3 5 1* 8,114 18 a 116,848 11 — 40,000 — —

9,504 4 4§

£.1 i.536.‘47 M- i°4

VOL. 59.

758

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix* (No. 51.) 18# Junii9 commutd*

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

&YVIRTUE of an Act 36 Ge6. III. cap. 12. the Sum of £18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1796, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £ 120 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £21,600,000; but which was reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to -

To £25 Capital Stock in £ 3-per^Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -

And to an Annuity of 6 s. 6d. per-Cent. for 64^ Years, amounting to ——

BYVIRTUE of another Act 36 Geo. III. cap. 74. the further Sum of £ 7,500,000 was borrowed for the

Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ too contributed,

To£i2o Capiul Stock, in the £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, timounting to £9,000,0005 but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to -To £ 25 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £1,875,000; but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to- - -

And to an Annuity of 5 s. 6 d. for 63 4 Years, amounting to the Sum of £.20,625; but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to- ——

And by Virtue of another Act 36 Geo. III. cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £ 100 contained in l'uch Bills, to £ 105 Capital Stock, £ 5-per-Cont. Annuities; and the Proprietors of certain other such Bills likewise delivered up to be cancelled, for every £ 100 contained therein, to£ 104 Capital Stock, £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities; the whole amounting to

& «. d.

2i»595»8oo *-----

4,500,000-----

58,500-----

8,934,200-----

1,859,625-----

*0,582 7 6

4,4H,074 4 6

8 . o 2

to

o

C

«*v a. <5 u

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows;

In respect of the said £21,595,800, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £ 9,718. 2 a. 2 d. for Management ——

D* - - of the said £.4,500,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 2,025 for Management D° - - of the above Annuity of 6r. 6d. per-Cont. for 64 \ Years, including £. 658. 2 s. 6d. for Management-One-Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.21,595,800, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ifl'ued Quarterly to the Coirtmissiont rs for reducing tire National Debt, amounts annually to - -~

D°-- of the said £.4,500,000. £. 3-pter-Cent. Reduced Annuities -> D° - D0-

D# - * of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6 s. 6 d. per-Cent for 644 Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above ——

✓ In respect of the above £8,934,200, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £4,020.75. 9\d. for Management ----- - £ 272,046 7 9$

D° - - of the above £.1,859,625, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including£. 836. 16 s. yd.

for Management ----- ...... 56,625 11 7

D° - - of the Annuity of 5i.6d. per-Cent. for 634 Years, including £231. 11 s. for

Management ----- 20,813 18 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 8,934,200, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt,

amounts annually to - - - 89,342-----

D° - - of the said £. 1,859,625, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° - D° - - - 18,596 5 —

D° - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5 s. 6d. per-Cent for 63! Years, at the

End of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioners, as above - - - - 2,925-

w5 fin respect of the said £. 4,414,074. 45. 6 d. £ 5-per-Cent. Annuities, granted to the Proprietors <5 S g J of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, including £. 1,986. 6 s. 8 d.

8 for Management - -- -- -- - -222,1

2-1 One-Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £ 4,414,074. 4s. 6d. £ 5-per-Cent. Annuities,

'gj c- issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to - 44,

140 14 10

Viz.

£ d.

657>592 2 2

137*025-----

59ii58 2 6

215,956 — — 45,000-----

6,460-----

1,123,103 4

46o,349 2 lOj

266,830 15 8}

X• 1*850,373 3 3

B Y V I RTU E of an Act 37 Geo. JII. cap. 10. the Sun* of £ 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1797, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £.112. 10s. Capital Stock, £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to £20,250,000, but which was reduced, by sundry Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to-----

BY VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 57. the further Sum of £ 14,500,000, was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ 100 contributed,

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

To £.50 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -

To £ 20 Capital Stock, £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to an Annuity of 6 s. 6 d. for 624 Years, subject to a Deduction in case the further Snm of £. 3,500,000 should not be raised for the Service of the Year 1797; and the Sum of £. 1,620,000 only having been raised, it was reduced to 6s. amounting to ——

By Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 59. for guaranteeing a Loan of £. 1,620,000 to the Emperor of Germany, the Contributors to the fame were entitled, for every £ 100 contributed, to £226. 10 j. Capital Stock, £• 3-per-Cent. Annuities; amounting to ——

Which Annuities, upon the Failure of depositing in the Hands of the Bank of England sufficient Monies to pay the fame, and a Sum equal to One-per-Cent. on the Capital of the said Loan, are charged upon the Consolidated Fund. And, by Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 9. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled in lieu thereof to a Capital Stopk in £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £.18,440,874. 10s. id. but which was ftnee reduced, by the Navy Office . withdrawing Checques to the Amount of £. 3,643. 18 s. and by several Alterations made by the Bank of England, to -nTo a Capital Stock in £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to a Capital Stock in £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to-----

£ 4.

20,124,843 15 —

18,125,000

7.250.000

2.900.000

43*5oo

3*669,300

1*437*74 9 4 869,859 17 2,305,091 15 9

o

<o~

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows:

In respect of the said £. 20,124,843. 15 s. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 9,056. 3#. 7d. for Management >Onc Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 20,124,843. 15 s. £ 5-per-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to -

Borne forward

44 Geo. IIL

Appendix

159

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, See,—continued.

THE P R O D U C E of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, Created in the Year 1796; Viz.

Per Acts 36 Geo. III.

52.

The Produce of the Additional buries on Tobacco and Snuff -*--A-* cap. 13.

D° - — of the Duty on Horse Dealers Licences - -- -- - — 17,

D6 - - * of the Tax on Legacies, after deduding £.41,079, carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties, priori

to 1793 ...... --3

D° * - - of the Duties of Customs on Wines - - - 123.

D° - - - of the Duties of Excise on D° - -- -- -- — D°.

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on Sweets - - - D°.

D° - - - of the Duties on Hats, after deduding £. 9479. 115. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties - — 125.

Brought to this Account from the Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Ad 37 Geo. IIL cap. 15. the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar, for the Year ending 5th January 1804- - ......

D® - - - per Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap. 34. and 37. in lieu of the Duties of 10-per-Cent. on Assessed Taxes, per Ad 36 Geo. III. repealed; at £. 131,690 per Annum - -.......- - -

D® - - - per Ad 4a Geo. IIL cap. 37. from the Duties on Horses used for Riding, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed; at £. 106,000 per Annum -

D° - - * per Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap. 37. from the Duties on Horses used for Husbandiy, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed; at 95,000 per Annum -

D® - - - per Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap. 37. from the Duties on Dogs, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed; at £. 70,000 per Annum -

- per Ad 39 Geo. IIL cap. 65. out of the Duties on Salt, at £. 32,000 per Annum -

By Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1804 -

205,34*-----

2,433 >4 —I 112,113 13 3 546,874 13 8

957 >3 —i

8*33-----

28,733 9 10

116,676 5 8

131,690-----

106,00a-----

95.000 -

70.000 -

32.000 -

M56,*54 9 6

394,118 13 9

1,850,373 3 3

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge Public Debt, created in the Year 1797; Viz.

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks -

D° — - of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts - -

D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Tea -

D® - - - of the Additional Duty on British Spirits -

D° - - - - D° ----- - Foreign D® ——

D#-----D°----- Auctions -

D° - - of the Duties of Customs on Sugar -

D® - - of the Additional Duties on Stage Coaches -

D° - - of the Additional St^mp Duty on Deeds, after deduding £. 156,605 carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties prior to 1793 -

The Arrears of the Additional Tax of £. 20-per-Cent on Assessed Taxes -

The Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate -

The Arrears of the Tax on Clocks and Watches -

The Produce of the Additional Tax of 3d. per Pound on Pepper -

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, by Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. for One Year, at £. 198,408 per Annum, to 5th January 1804 ——

Reserved by Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap, 34. oat of Houses and Windows, for One Year to 5th January 1804, at ,£.409,140 per Annum ——

Reserved by Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap. 34. out of Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses, at £. 32,356 per Anntun

Reserved by Ad 42 Geo. IIL cap. 37. out of Duties on Male Servants, at £.51,160 per Annum ——

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Dogs, at £. 570 per Annum -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Horses used for Riding, at £. 76,432 per Annum -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, at £. 169,513 per Annum -

Born# forward - * £.

of the

Per Acts

37 Geo. III.

— £■ s. d.

cap. 14. 42*95 — —

— D® 7,628 — —

— D« 329,394 — —

— D° 132.980 — —

— D° 177*40 & —

— D° 74,849 — —

— 15. 115,763 13 2

16. 61,774 19 10

— 19. 608,805 13 4

— 69. 416 15 *4

— 90. 21 15 2

— 00 0 99 11

— 110. *07,505 2 3

198,408 — —

409,14°-----

32>356 -

51,160-----■

570 -

76*32 —

169,513 —

2,596,85* is i±

Appendix.

(No. 51.)

18° Junii,

continued. -----0

t

760 Appendix. .1804.

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

18* y.v,7.-v,

continued.

Accorint of ail Additions which have been made to the

r-

xo

o

O

C

i"

Brought forward - -

In n*sped of the so'd £. 18,125,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 8,156. 55.

for Management -- ----- - £*551,906 5 —

l)* - of the said £ 7,250,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 3,262. 10 s.

for Management - , - 220,762 10 —

IV - of the said £. 2,900,000, £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 1,305. for Management, 117,305--

IV - of the Annuity of 6 5. per-Cent. for 62 $ Years, including £.489. 7#. 6d. for Management ----- - ----- 43,989 7 6

One Hundredth Bart *1 the said Capital Stock of £.18,125,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ilfncd to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. cap. 55* amounts annually to ----- -181,250-----

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 7,250,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commniioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts

annually to - - - 72,500-----

IV - * D° £.•>,900,000, £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, D° - - D3 - - 29,000-----

D° - - D° uf the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 6s. per-Cent. for 62 j Years, at

the end of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts annually to 5,920-----

L

C c.

THE ANNUAL C IIARG E, on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to he cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 16,438,175. 5s. £.3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7,397. 3#. 6jrf.

for-Management - - - - -500,542 8 8

D° - - of £.765,427. 11 5. 6d. £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, including £.344. 8 s. 10 d. for

Management ...... 30,961 10 10

D° - - of £.2,034,889. 115. id. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, including £.915. 14s. od. for

Management - -- -- -- - 102,660 3 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 16,438,175. 5 s. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to-----.- 164,381 15 —

D* «, - of the said £.765,427. 115. 6 d. £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities - D° - - D° - - 7*654 5 6

D° - of the said £.2,034,889. 115. id. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities - D* - - D° - - 20,348 17 10

8

O a

<3 0

And the ANNUAL CHARGE, on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

‘In respect of £.1,900*699. 45. 4d. Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities,

including £.899. 175. 3 id. for Management ----- 60,890 16 gj

D° - of £.104,432. 55. 8 d. Capital Stock, £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, including

£.46. 195. 10 id. for Management ----- - 4,224 5 8i

D* - of £.270,202. 45. 8d. Capital Stock, £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, including

£.121. 115. 9|d. for Management - - - 13,631 14 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 1,999,699. 45. 4d. £. 3-per-Cent. Confo-' lidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt, amounts annually to - - - - 19,996 19 10

D° - - of the said £.104,432. 55. 8d. £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, D# - - D® - - - 1,044 6 4

D3 - - of the said £.270,202. 45. 8 d. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, D° - - D° - - - 2,702 — 4

BY Ad 37 Geo. III. cap. 144. £. 1,500,000. was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interestand Charges to be provided for in such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom shall approve; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges; and amount annually to ——

£. 5.

1,216,546 16

1,222,633 2 6

l 4l

102,490 3 —

3,368,219 2 ll£

126,871 1 io|

3.241,34* 1 1

BY VIRTUE of an Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 37. the Sum of £. 17,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1798, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To£. 150 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

To £. 50 — D°-----£. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to

And, to an Annuity of 45. lid. for 61^ Years, amounting to

£. #. d.

25,500,000-----

8,500,000 — — *>125-----

BY sundry Acts explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Sell. 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of £.8,000,000, part of the above Loan of £.17,006,000, out of certain Monies tlrnrem 1 pecitied; therefore the Duties on the other fide are irmde chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges of the remaining £.9,000,000 of the said Loan.

By Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above Sum of £.8,oooo,ooO are Charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 13,500,000 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,075 for Management -D° — of £.4,500,000 Capital Stock,* £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 2,025 for Management -D° — of the Annuity of 45. 11 d. per-Cent. on the said £. 9,000,000, granted for 61^ Years, including £.248. 185. lfr/.

for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 13,500,000; £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to -D* - - of £4 ,500,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, Du — D° -

- - of the iuture adtial Value of the said Annuity of 45. 11 d. per-Cent. for 611 Years, at the end of 45 Years, issued as above ——

£. d.

4l !.°75-----

»37>°25 — —

22,373 18 O

135,000 — — 45,000-----

2,880 -

' BY an Act 38 Geo. Ill, cap. 90. £.2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges; amounting annually to -

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1804

753*353 lS

167,411 19 7

585,941 18 6]

92,003 4 9

<177-945 3 sl

44 Geo. III. Appendix, 7(31

Append!#,

(No. 51.)

18* Junii,

continued.

■ - — -y. ■

762

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

18° Ju

continued.

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

10,375,000-----■

7,750,000-----

BY VIRTUE of an A cl 39 Geo. III. cap. 7. the Sum of £. 3,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1709, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, £• d.

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £• 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - - - 3,000,000-

And to £. 87. 9. 6. Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to ----- 2,624,250-----

BY VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. the further Sum of £.15,500,000 was borrowed for the Sendee of the Year 1799, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, * -

To £.125 Capital Stock,£. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

And £.50 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to ——

BY sundry Acts explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Sefil 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 11,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £. 15,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £.4,500,000 of the said Loan.

BY Act 42 Geo. III. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £. 11,000,000, are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows: Viz.

In respect of the said £.3,000,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.1,350 for Manage- £. s. d.

ment ...... 9L35°-----

D° - - of the said £.2,624,250, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,180. 185. 3*/. for

Management ----- - 79,908 8 3

One-Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.3,000,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, iiTued

Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - 30,000-

D° - - of the said £. 2,624,250. £. 3-per-CenL Reduced Annuities, D® - D° - - 26,242 10 —

o

o

O Y*

£ o-

o

v

Q.

s_

P*

In respect of £.5,625,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 2,531. 5 f. for

Management - - - t - - £. 171,281 5 —

D® - - of £. 2,250,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,012. lor. for

Management - -- -- -- - G 8,512 10 —

One-Hundredtli Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 5,625,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, iilued Quarterly to the Coimnitlioners for reducing the National

Debt, amounts Annually to----- - 56,250---

D° - - of the said £. 2,250,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° - D° - 22,500 — —

227,500 18 3

3*^543 15

BY an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 114. £. 3,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to he provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, mull be deducted from the above Charges; amounting Annually to ——

54.6,044 13 3

212,362 10 —

333*63* 3 3

BY VI R.T U E of an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. the Sum of £. 20,500,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 18jo, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. no Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to And to £. 47 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to

£. d.

22,350,000-----

0,63 5>°oo-----

BY the above Act, Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 13,500,000. Part of the above Loan of £.20,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side are made charbodble only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £. 7,000,000 of the said Loan.

B\r Ad 42 Geo. 111. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £. 13,500,000 are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 7,700,00© Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 3,465 for Management D° - - of £. 3,290,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,480. io^. for Management -

One-IIundrcdth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.7,700,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, itTued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the lteduftion of the National Dpbt, amounts Annually to -D° - - of the said £. 3,290,000, £. 3-per-Cont. Reduced Annuities - D® - D* -

BY anAft39and40 Geo.nl. cap. 109. £.2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, mull be deducted from the above Charges; amounting Annually to -

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1804

£.234,465-----

100,180 IO —

77,000 — —

32,900 — —

444>545 IO *—

127,013

3l7’532 IO —

437>530 6 Cl

00 O fJ\ 16

B Y VI RTUE of an Act: 41 Geo. III. cap. 3. the Sum of £. 28,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1S01, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, £. s. d.

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3*per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to- ...... - 35,000,000-----

And to £.50. 15s. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to - -- -- 14,210,000-----

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows In respect of £. 35,000,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 15,750 for Management -D° - - £. 14,210,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.6,394 *or Management -One-IIundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 35,000,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Ileduftion of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -D° - - of the said £. 14,210,000, £. 3-per-Cent. - - D® - - D® ......

BY Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 3. the Sum of £. 2,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges thereof to be provided for by the Parliament ot that Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which

- - - - I77»7g7 3 9

£ 1,812,817 6 3

- - - - 70,810 1 —

£ ^883,627 7 3

Viz.

L°65>750 -

432,694 10 —

350,000-----

142,100-----

1,990*544- 10 —

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 763

Appendix, (No. 51.)

18° Juniiy

continvcd.

764

Appendix.

A. 1804. -

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

18* Junii,

continued.

I — —

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

BY VI RTU E of an Act 42 Geo. III. cap 8. the Proprietors of certain Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, amounting to £. 5,940,300. and who fuufcnbed £. 50. per-Cent. thereon in Money, amounting to £. 2,970,15o. wtie entitled, for each £. 100.

To £. 25. Capital Stock, £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities (to be added to those granted in 17970 amounting to £. 50 - D° - - £.4 per-Cent. Annuities - - - Du -

To £. 25 - I)° - - £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities -----I)0-----

To£. 25 - 1)° £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° -

And, to an Annuity of m. 9 d. per-Cent. for 58 £ years ----- ^D° -

BY VIRTUE of another Act, 42 Geo. III. cap. 33. the Sum of £. 25,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1802, upon the following terms; Viz.

The Contributors wrere entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £.65 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - - - . -

To £.60 — D° - - /*. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D° -And, to £.6. 19. 3. D° £. 3 per-Cent. Deferred Annuities (the Interest whereof is to commence from the 5th day of January 1808); amounting to- - - - - > -

£' *• <L

2.227.012 10 —

4>4556--5-----

2.227.012 10 —

2.227.012 10 — 7.79O 12 10 J

16,250,000-----

- .15,000,000 — —

1 >74°.,625-----

BY VIRTUE of another Act, 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Duties on Income were repealed, and the several Annuities, &c. specilically charged thereon were made a Charge upon the Consolidated Fund; Viz.

The Contributors to £. 17,000,000, borrowed per Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 37. for the Service of the year 1798, were entitled, in respect of £. 8,000,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 150 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - - '-

To £. 50 - 1)° - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D°

And, to an Annuity of 4$. 11 <L for 61 £ years - - D° -

TH E Contributors to £. 15,500,000, borrowed per Ad 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. for the Service of the year 1709, wore entitled, in respect 01£. 11,000,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -And, to £. 50 - D° - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D°

T IIE Contributors to £.20,500,000, borrowed per Ad 39 & 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. for the Service of the year 1800, were entitled, in respect of£. 13,500,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 110 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

And, to £.47 - D° - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D°

c<

<5


The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the aforesaid Acts, is as follows; V iz.

In respect of the said £. 2,227,612. io$. £. 5. per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 1,002. 8s. 6d. for Management -D° - - of the said £*.4,455,225. £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 2,004. 175. for Management D° — of the said £.2,227,612. 105. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.1,002. 8. 6. for Management -

D° - - of the said £.2,227,612. 10s. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,002. 85. 6d. for Management -

D® - - of the said Annuity of i$. 9^. per-Cent. for 584 years, including £. 87. 14 s. 2J d. for Management One-Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 2,217,612. 10#. £.5. per-Cent. Annuities, issued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

D° * of the said £,4,455,225. £. 4. per-Cent. Annuities -----D°-----

I)° - - of the said £. 2,227,612. 10s. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities D®

I)° — of the said £. 2,227,612. 10$. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° -

I)° - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of is. 9 d. per-Cent. for 584 years, at the End of 45

Years -- - - -- - - D° -

’ In respect of£. 16,250,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 7,312. io,s.

for Management - _ - _ -

D° - - ol £. 15,000,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 6,750 for Management - -

D° - - of£. 1,740,625. £. 3 per-Cent. Deferred Annuities, the Interest whereof does not 5- commence till 5th January 1808 ----- £.52,218. 15.

Manugement of the above Sum ——

— 1-< d

*-• <V -S

£ ’o a

"In respect of £. 12,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including£. 5,40a for Management -

D° — of £. 4,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,800 for Management

D° - - of the said Annuity of 45. 11 d. per-Cent. for 6iJ years, including£. 221. 5s. for Management ——

• In respect of £. 13,750,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 6,187. 10$.

uagement ——

o (in re,i)CCt 01 £*13*750, o \ for Manag

= ) D* - - of 5,500,! £ V. M an age me

000. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,475. for agement ——

« g 2 . d .-3

CO

In respect of £. 14,850,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Coiifolidated Annuities, including £. 6,682. 10s lor Management ——

D° - - of £.6,345,000. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 2,855. 5s. for Management - * -

£• *• 494,8j 2 10

456,750 —

783 5

-1 / e

£. 5.

365,400 — 121,800 — i9, SS7 18

d.

£. s.

418,087 1<J

7,475

d.

£. s. d. *\

452,^82 10 —

i9.V-°5 5 —

BY Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 33. £.2,000,000, part of £.25,000,000, were for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to he provided for by that part of the United Kingdom; therefore the Expellees incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, mult be deducted from the above Charges; amounting annually to

Surplus of this Fund, in the yeir ended 5th January 1804

— —

4,000,000' — —

10,660 13 4

5,500,000 — —

14,850,000

6,345,000 — —

112.333 1

1 So, 213 17 —

67,830 10 —

67,830 l6 —

7, SS+ 7 u

3 6

44,552 5 —

22.270 2 6

22,270 2 6

8+2 — —

548,3^5 9 1 1

952,345 15 7i

507,087 iS 4

5.86.162 10 —

3,239,349 8 H

70, S7 13 3

3,163,161 *5 3i

i,5‘4>°75 12 4+

46>77,237 7 84

44 Geo. III.

Appendix,.

765

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—continued.

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the year 1802; Viz.

Irish Spirits -

Hops -

Goods and Shipping ——

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows, after reserving as directed by Ad 42 Geo. III.

D° t D° -D° -D° -D* -I)9 -D° -D* -

- Inhabited Houses, after D* -

- Male Servants ----- D°

- Dogs - -

- Ilorfes for Riding - D*

- Husbandry Ilorfes - D°

- Four and Two-wheeled Carriages - - - D°

- Beer -

- Malt ......

Per Atts 42 Geo. III.

cap. 38.

— D*

■ " 43*

— 34-

— D°

_ y _ ___

37-

- * 33.

- — D°

Brought to this Account from the Duties on Malt, per Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. being the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on account of the Repeal of the Allowances granted to Brewers and others out of the said Duty ——

Mem.—An Allowance of 6d. per barrel in London, and of $d. per barrel in the Country, was continued to be made to Common Brewers upon all Strong Beer, to 5th July 1803.

Vol. 59.

9l

*. d.

9,588-----

17,977 -

1,163,833 11

434,083 16 — 194,274 I® 62,002 18 2 41,634 — 4i 112,893 1 if

111,856 4 44,454 16 11

418,756-----

1,626,688 -

4,238,042 5 —{ 439,195 2 8

4,677,237 7 8§

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

18* Juniiy

continued.

766

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

18* Jnnii.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—continued.

11V VIRTU E of an Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 67, the Sura of £.12,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1803, upon the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 80 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -To £.80 — - D° — £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities

- - - D° - - ......

And, to an Annuity of 6*. 5 e/. for 56 Years and 9 Months,

- - - Dtf ......

9.600.000 — —

9.600.000 -

38,500 — —

THE A N N U A L C11AIIG E in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follow s; viz.

In respect of £. 9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 4,320 for Management -D° — of £.9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 4,320 for Management -D° — of the Annuity of 6 s. 5 d. per-Centum on the said £. 12,000,000, granted for 56 j Years, including £. 433. 2 s. 6d. for Management -One-IIundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ifiucd Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to -D® — of £.9,600,000 £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D°

D9 - of the future Actual Value of the said Annuity of 6 s. 5 d. per-Ct-nt. for 56 j Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above

By the Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 67. £. 2,000,000, Part of £. 12,000,000, were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by that Part of the United Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, amounting annually to - -

£. s. (I. 292,3120-----

292,320-----

38,933 2 6

96,000 -

96,000 -

3,75 5 7

819,338 8 1

136,556 8 —

682,782 --- 1

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts undermentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1803:

Reserved out of Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. for Half a Year, to 5th January 1804, at £.250,000 per Annum

Surplus Duty on Receipts per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 126. for One Quarter, to 5th January 1804 -

1

Surplus Duties on Assessed Taxes, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 161. to commence from 5U1 April 1804 -

Deficiency of this Fund in the \ ear ending 7 5th January 1804 - - - -j

£. 4.

125,000 -

14,436 17 8

17

543,345 * 5

£. 682,782 — 1

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT created in the Years under-mentioned, and the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the fame, in the Year ended 5th January 1804.

Years. Charge. Produce. Surplus. Deficiency.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d.

1794 - - - 773,3H — 1,2*7,349 5 5 434,°25 4 —

1795 - - - 1,227,413 3 11 i,536, H7 H iof 308,732 10 —

1796 - - - 1,850,373 3 3 1,456,254 9 6 - . - - 394,118 13 9

1797 - - - 3,24',34* 1 1 2,967,692 15 —i - - - 273,655 6 J

1798 - - - 585,941 18 6J 677,945 3 3" 92,003 4 9 —

1799 - - - 333,682 3 3 103,128 H — - - - - 230,553 9 3

1800 - - - 317,532 10 805,062 16 6$ 487,530 6 —

1801 - - - I,8l2,8l7 6 3 1,883,627 7 3 70,810 1 — —

1802 - - - 3,163,161 15 3f 4,677,237 7 81 L5H>°75 12 4i —

1803 - - - 682,782 — 1 139,436 i/ 8 - - - 543,345 2 5

£■ 13,988,378 2 si 15453,882 11 3i 2,907,177 — 3i 1,441,672 11 5r

1,441,672 11 5l

SURPLUS on the Whole of the Duties in the Year 7 1,465,504 8 9i

ended 5th January 1804 - - - -s\

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

18th June 1804. ) W. HujkiJfoH.

Appendix, Ait ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Proceeds, of the 4 J-P E R-C E NT - D UT Y; from the lft day

f No CO ) January 1^01 to l*ie ^ay of January 1804 :—Distinguishing each Year, as received by the Husband.

18* Junii. Date. Gross Amount. Charges, Freight, Duty, &c. Net Proceeds.

lft January 1801 to 7 lft January 1802 f ill January 1802 to 7 lfl January 1803 3 lft January 1803 to | lft January 1804 3 £• s. d. 58,136 13 10 76,461 8 6 7°,°53 — 6 £■ s. d. 25,696 10 6 40,262 15 5 31,048 16 11 £. s. d. 32,440 3 4 36,198 13 1 30,004 3 7

4J per-Cent. Office, Custom House 3ill May 1804.

Cha' Cracroft,

llulband of the 4j-per-Cent. Duty.

P. Gregson

Coni|)tr of D®.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

767

Ax ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of 4

together with the Sums appl

P E R-C E N T. which remained unsatisfied on the 5th April 1804; icable to the Ditcher^; thereof.

Lord Auk land 1 Quarter

T. Wilton, Esq ...... D"

The Representatives of the late E. Burke, 7 during three Lives - - - - 3

Sir H. Strachey, Bart. -J. Ilofjer and T. Barnard, Esqrs. during 7 two Lives 3

Mrs. P. Gordon -11. Cowper, Esq. -Mrs. E. Hamilton -Miss M. A. P. D°

H. Eagell, Esq ......

\V. Selwyn, Esq. -

N. Vanlittart and E.G. Boldero, Esqrs. 7 in Trull for Mrs. C. M. Lock - j Lieutenant General G. Hotbam, to pay 7

Annuities to the Servants of the late > D° Princes ----- j Lord Viscount Hood D°

Mrs. S. Ricketts ----- D°

Miss J. Ricketts ----- D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D°

D®

£ d.

100-----

7 5-----

625-----

17 10 — 150-----

50-----

*56 10 — 50-----

«5-----

<256 10 — 102 10 —

10*2 15 o

706 13 8

500-----

10*2 15 ---

25 17 6

Miss C. Cooper - 1 Quartej

Luis de Curt ----- D®

Countess Dowager Portarlington, and 7

after her Death £.200 per Annum to > D°'

each of her four Children j

iMrs. M. Irving ----- D*

Miss C. M. Irving - - - - D°

C. Long, Esq. ----- J)'

Miss 11. Gore ----- D°

Mrs. J. Hobart, during two Lives D°

H. Hobart Clerk and J. Sullivan, Esq. in 7 Trull for the five younger Children > D° of G. Hobart, Esq. deceased - j W. Burrows, Esq. in Trull for Mary and 7

Maria Hunn - *. {3Quarters

C.Crawfurd, Esq.- - - - D°

Salaries to the Collectors and Comptrollers where ) the 41-per-Cent. Duty is collected - - - J

£■ »• d-

125-----

128 7 6

(too-----

30-----

20-----

375 -

51 10 —

50-----

100-----

375 -

900-----

Append ix* (No. 52.) 18* Junii, continued.

5,500 18 8

1,200-----

6,700 18 8

N. B. The Balance to satisfy the above amounted, on the 5th April 1804, to the Sum of £.6,816. 4s. 7 d.; and the several Payments were made to the Claimants in the eoutfe of a few Days.

4f-per-Cent. Office, Custom-House, j Cha> Cracroft, Husband of the 4f-per-Cent. Duty.

31 May 1804.'

P. Grcgson, Compt. of D°.

Am ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of £.4J-PER-CENT. payable at the Exchequer, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th April 1804; together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof*

OFFICES:

Governor of the Bermuda Illand3 D® - - - Island of Dominica D° - Barbadoes

D* ----- Grenada -

D° ----- St. Vincent's D° - Nevis -

D° - - - Bahama I Hands -

D° - - - Leeward Islands -

Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Dominica

D®

D®

D®

D°

D°

Dr

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

Grenada -St. Christopher -Antigua -the Virgin Islands Montserrat ' -Leeward Islands -

Agent for Turk's Islands -

D° - - - D* - ......

Chief Justice of the Island of Tortola -

Surveyor and Auditor of the Revenues in America

PENSIONS:

Chatham, Countess of -

Kinnoul, Earl of, Representatives -

Strachey, Sir Henry, Baronet -

Ellis, Henry -

Martin, Mary -

Sarah -

Alice -

Monckton, Susannah -

Savory, Fredefwed -

Tod, Charlotte -

Tucker, Frances -

Craufurd, James -

Dunmore, Earl of ——

Popham, Sir Home Riggs ——

Sir Abraham 7 Mailer Henry ——

Hume, Baronet, > Richard Thomas -

for j St. Vincent Frederick

Selwyn, Charles Henry -

Mailer, Isabella Frances -

Annual

Allowance.

750

1.300

2,000

1,364

1.300 300 700

1,200

400

600

200

200

200

200

300

200

100

200

250

3.000

1.000

587

300

50

50

50

100

40

30

30

815

600

500

100

100

100

400

200

Unsatisfied at 5th April 1804

Unsatisfiedat 5U1 April 1804.

Quarters. Sums.

£ *. d.

4 750

2 650

2 1,000

2 682

1 3*5

4 300

2 350

1 300

1 100

9 1,350

2 100

2 100

' 4 200

1 50

2 150

1 50

1 25

'2 100

1 62 10 —

1 750

3 750

4 587

2 150

2 25

2 25

2 25

4 100

2 20

2 15

8 60

1 203 15 —

1 150

1 125

1 25:

1 25

1 25

2 200

1 50

9,955 5 —

Monies remaining in the Exchequer at the 5th April 1804, applicable to discharge the above Sum Unsatisfied, amount to Ten Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny.

a,6ih%h3'j",.o,.} =_=

An ACCOUNT of the Sums received in the Exchequer upon the Duty of 4J-PER-CENT. from the 5th of January

1801 to the 5th of January 1804; distinguishing each Year.

Received upon the Duty of £.4,!-per-Cent. in the Years ending 5th of January 1802 -

D® - - - 1803 -

D® - - - 1804 ......

£■ s- d-n,543 18 if 7,846 5 nf 27,815 18 gi

Exchequer, the 6th day of June 1804.

‘James Fifier.

Appendix,

(No. 53.)

200 Junii.

7 68

Appendix.

A. 1804.

An

ESTIMATE of the EX PENCE that has been and will be incurred, in consequenrc of the Orders given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for increanng the N A V A L D E F E N C E of the Country, lince the 15th May 1804.

Navy Ofucf, 20 th jLne ^04. lie Orde

Country, lince the 15th

For the Purchase of Six East India Ships built in India of Teak, to mount from 44 to 60 Guns -

Ten Merchant Ships, to serve as Sloops of War, to carry Extern Carronades of 24-pounders, and two Guns ——

Ten Vessels, to serve as Gun Brigs -

Four Vessels, to serve as Fire Ships

- - Two Packets, in the Service of* the East India Company, to be employed as

Sloops of War -

To be built - - - Six Fir Brig Sloops of War -

- ----- Four 20-gun Ships of small Draught of Water

- - - - - -Two Mortar Vessels -

- - Ten Gun Brigs ——

Increase of Expence occasioned by the Premium offered to the Builders (who have already contracted for building Sloops and Gun Brigs) for launching them before the time l'tipulated in their Contracts -

Total of the whole

£■ *• d.

112,000 -

56.000 --- —

20.000 -

4,000 -

5,000-----

197,000 -

35.000 -

36.000 -

4,000-----

30.000 -

105,000-----

8,000 —

310,000-----

A. 5. Harnond.

H. Duncan.

7. Henjlow.

Appendix,

(No. 54.)

27* Junii.

PARTICULARS of the A C C O U NT, made up to the ill March 1804, by which The EAST INDIA COMPANY

claims from GOVERNMENT the Sum of £. 4,018,000.

Dr - - - - Government in Account Current with The East India Company; estimated to the lft of March 1804 -

- - V.

To Expences of the intended Expedition to Mauritius in 1794 " To D° of the Expedition to the Cape in 1794/5, &c. £■ 213,681 106,127 By Cash received, including Interest at £. 4-per-Cent per Annum, to the lft March 1804 - £■ 1,501,666

To D* of the intended Expedition to Manilla in 1/97 443,260

To D° of the Capture and Possession of Ceylon, and the Dutch Settlements to the Eathvard, including Subsistence of Prisoners to 1802 - 3, J3°,59‘ By Estimated Balance, id March 1804 - 4,018,126

To D* - of the Capture and Possession of French and Dutch Settlements on the Peninsula, including Subsistence of Prisoners to 1802 - 1,023,995

To Purchase of Vessels for His Majesty’s Fleet in India; Stores supplied, &c. to 1800 - 1 I 43,°‘H 1

To estimated Expence of King’s Troops in India, beyond the Number authorized by Acts of Par-ment - -- - 559AH

£■ 5,519,791 L 5,519,792

Nv B. Interest at £. 4-per-Cont. per Annum, to the lft March 1804, is included above. N. B. There are Claims upon the Company, from the Office of His Majesty's Paymaster General, for Charges relative to the King's Troops in India, amounting to 24th December lull, to £.1,285,248; but the Company’s Claims on Government for the Expences of the Army font from India to Egypt will probably amount to upwards of £. 2,000,000.

East India House, 1 27th June 1804. )

(Errors excepted.)

IVm Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

44 Geo. III.

Appendirc.

76d

An ACCOUNT of the CASH BALANCES in the Hands of the Collectors of Excise and Cuiloms respectively, on the 5th day of January 1804; and the Amount thereof remaining in their Hands on the 14th of January ;—As returned by the Clerk of the Revenue to the Treasury of Ireland.

Armagh Athlone Baltimore -Bally raine Belfast Cavan Clonmell -Coleraine -Cork Port Cork Excise Dingle Donoghadee Drogheda -Dublin Port Dublin Excise Dublin County Dundalk Ennis Fox ford Galway Killy hr jgs Kilkenny -Kiniiilc Dime

Limerick -

Li (burn

Londonderry

Lough rea -

Mary boro’

Mallow

Naas

N’ewry

Ross

Rlioo

St raLane -

Strangford

Trim

Waterford -Wexford Wicklow -Youghall -

S T R I C T S. Cash the 5 th January 1804. Bills in the Hands of Receiver General the 14th Jany 1804. Acquittances dtawn from the 5th to the 14th January 1804. Cash remaining the 14th January 1804. Overpaid by Collectors the 14th January 1804. Collectors Securities.

£• £■ *• d. d. £■ *• £• s. d. c

- - * - - 5,-280 2,612 l8 532 9 10 2,134 11 7* - 3,000

> - - - 2, S<50 2,401 12 11 - T 488 7 1 - - 3,000

- - - - - 91° - - - - 916 - - 2,000

- - - - - 8lO - - - - 8lO - - 2,000

- - - - - ‘ 10,680 12,708 — 61 630 18 7 2,658 19 6,000

- ~ *,5 4° 1,206 5 —a - - 1,333 14 n| - - 3,000

- - 6,050 7,164 11 74 L373 1 4 - 2,487 12 nj 4,000

- - 3,000 126 — — 1,299 4 10 i,574 15 2 - - 2,000

- " - - 31.430 21,426 9 8 7,371 10 10 2,631 19 6 - - 12,000

- - - 10,850 6*975 4 2 3*994 12 — - - - 119 16 2 5*000

- 3*°5° - - 997 i° — 2,052 10 — — r - 2,000

" - - - 93° - - 14 11 8 915 8 4 - - 2,000

- - 10,110 6,888 1 1 1,181 12 1 2,040 6 10 - - 5*000

" - - 4,180 - - - - 4,180 - - 12,000

- - - - - 1.730 - - - - L730 - - 10,000

3,000

- - * - i>350 i,94i 8 — 169 8 10 - - - 760 16 10 2,000

* - - 3>l 10 1,124 11 44 349 2 6 1,636 6 i| - - 2,000

- - - - - 1,460 391 17 4 117 11 3 950, 11 5 - - 2,000

- " - - * 5*4l° 3,242 2 — 578 7 11 1,589 10 1 - - 2,000

- " * 4,420 630 — — - - 3,790 - - 2,000

- - - - 1,780 532 3 6 591 5 4 656 11 2 - - 3,000

" - - L73° 1,316 6 2 - - 413 13 10 - - 3,000

- - - L550 M75 — — 99 15 — 275 5 — - - 2,000

- - " - 9*710 8,280 — — 4*485 9 3 - 3*055 9 3 5,000

" - - - - 3,160 29 2 — 997 10 — 2,133 8 — - - 3,000

- - - - 3^90 624 — — 1*528 3 1 1,337 »6 »i - - 5,000

- - " - 4*59° 2,176 11 6 451 10 11 1,961 17 7. - - ' 2,000

- - - 7'°9° 4,641 6 51 1,768 12 11 680 - 7i - - 4,000

- " " - 1,030 - - - - 1,030 - - - 3,000

- - - - - 4,280 2,187 12 84 607 9 1 1,484 l8 2f - - 4,000

" - " - - 59° - - 1,53417 9 ~ 944 17 9 4,000

- " - - - 4-3° 702 15 5^ 497 9 5 3,029 15 0 - - 2,000

- - - - 3,020 1,650 — — 299 5 — 1,070 15 — - - 2,000

- - - - 400 661 5 8 - - 261 5 8 3,000

- " - - " ,1*340 646 16 10 119 9 1 573 14 1 - - 3,000

- " 3*040 2,455 H 9 319 1 5 265 3 10 - - 5*000

" - " " 12,250 9,708 — — 963 — 2 1,578 19 10 - - 5,000

- - " 6,920 4*97° 6 11 1,545 8 1 404 5 — - - 3,000

- - - - 1,460 - - ~ - 1,460 — — - 2,000

* •* " 5,3‘2o - - 2.000 — — 3*320 * - 2,099

£■ 187,17© 110,596 4 3 36,418 8 2 50,444 5 4 10,288 17 9

Dc dudl Overpay ments by Collectoi s - 10,288 17 9

Net Balances - - I 40,155 7 7

Appendix,

(No. 55.)

iS* Junii.

Wm Turner,

Rec. Clerk.

CASH BALANCES in Hands of Revenue Collectors the 5th of January 1804; per Acc' Gen1’* Abs* -Deduct, Bills in Hands of Receivers General the 14th January 1804 - | Stamp-T " " ^q^io / £187,170 147,020

Acquittances drawn from the 5th to the 14th January 1804 £. 110,6001 36,420 J

Net Calli Balances in Hands of Revenue Collectors the 14th January 1804 - N. B. Of the above Balances there was, in Hands of the Collectors in Dublin, the 5th') January 1S04 5,910 ( And Half Bank Notes-in Hands of Receivers General - 6,580/ 40,150 12,490

Remains - £• 27,660

Produce of Revenue, &c. Week ending 5th January 1804: Revenue - -- -- -- -- c, . C Receivers General - -- -Stamps paid to j rt,.venue Coi!cdors Postage - - - (Poll (Jikce) - -- -- - £-5,380? - 2,l60 ) £ 53,650 7,540 1,610

' £. 62,800

Arrears the 5th January 1804: Revenue ----- £.341,060

COMPARISON: From the 2d January 1802 to the lit January 1803 ----- From the 2d January 1803 to the 5th January 1804 - ProdureRevenu*. £.3,848,870 3,419,630

Decrease to the 5th January 1804 £.429,240

Vol. 59. 9 K

770

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 56.)

30* Junii.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services frcfm the Civil List Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary v Expenditure of the Civil Lilt) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, to repay the like Sum remitted by them to Ireland for making a further Provision for the Presbyterian Ministers of the Synods of Ulller and Munster ——

Thomas Poole, Esq. lor Ex ponces attending the digeliing and abstracting Poor Returns, made out in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament -

Bernard Cobbe, Elq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Account-, for Half a Year, to the 5th of April 1804. ——

Mefi'rs. Puget and Bainbridge, to reimburse the like Sum paid by them, by Order of the Treasury in Ireland, for the Furniture, &c. of a House in Great George Street, Weihmnftei, 1 -led as an Irish o ffice, which has been given up for the use of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into Naval A bulbs -

To the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more period Security of the Shipping in the Port of London -

Henry Nettlcship, Esq. for making up and publishing in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for one year, to ill October 1803 -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to pay Lees on falling Public Accounts ——

Thomas Macdonald, Esq. for his Services as hi lt Commissioner under the 6th Article of the American T; eaty John Williams, Esq. lor Contingent Expenses in the execution of the Act for enquiring snt•» Naval George l)anre, Architect, to reimburse Expences incurred in consequence oi Orders from Selcd CcrnmiLtce of the House of Commons, for the Improvement of the Port of London ——

£. s.

4,160 13 0

1,100-----*

5,285 18 9

2,099 19 9

649 4 —

454 -

3,000-----

5,387 4 —

1,060 10 —

560-----

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 30th June 1804.

'23>757 «o —

IV. Htjkij

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Vote for defraying the Expence of confining,

maintaining, and employing Convids at Home, for the year 1803.

Three Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Two Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, June 30, 1804.

IV. Hujkijfon,

Appendix,

(No. 57.)

Ax ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the STAMP DUTIES, for the Year ended 5th January 1804difiinguishing, as far as possible, the Amount arising from each Document, Article, Instrument, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

2° Ju

DENOMINATION.

Declaration, Plea, Replication, Demurrer, and Copies thereof, in inferior Courts ——

Depositions in Chancery, Copy of Bill, Answer, Pica, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, and Interrogatories -

Parish Indentures - -

Marriage Licence, Decree or Monition, Ship's Register, Rellitution, Bail Bond, and Charity Childrens Indentures -

Common Bail, Rule or Order -Special Bail, and Appearance thereon -Bills, Answers, Replications, Interrogatories, and Depo-iltions, Citation, Monition, Libel, Allegation, Depofi-tion, Answer, Inventory, Mandates, and Copies thereof -

Writ of Supersedeas ——

Admittance to Copyhold -

Licence of Marriage, Scquestration, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Poltea, and EcclciiulUcal Connuiflion -Recognizances, Signilicavit - -

Newgate Pardons -

Legacies to all other Persons, except W7ifc, Children, or Grand Children, £. 20 or under ——

Above £-20 and under £.100 -

Of - - £100 -

For every further £. 100 to the Amount of £.300 ,

For every £. 100 above £.300 -

Probates of Wills £.20 and under £. 100 -£. 100 and under £. 300 -Legacy to W ife, Children, or Grand Children, of £.20 or under - -

Above £.20 and under £.100 -

£. 100 and upwards -

Warrant to sue or profecuie -

Articles of Clerkilnp to Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in England (Courts of W eltminster excepted) - Ditto in in' oi the Courts at Westminster -Inventory of Goods distrained for Rent -

Atieiled Cipies of Indenture, Lease, or other Deed Beneficial Warrant -

Attested Copy -

Rate of Duty. Actual Amount of Duty for Town. Supposed Amount of Duty for Country. TOTAL of both.

£■ S. d. £■ £-

O. 0. 2. 30 86 116

O. 0. 3- 5,407 257 5,664

O. 0. 6. 70 455 525

O. 1. 0. 2,769 2,104 4,873

O. 1. 6. 4,162 111 4,273

O. 2. 0. 575 295 870

0. 2. 6. U3 H 723 2,037

O. 3- 0. 9 - - - 9

O. 4* 6. 31 198 229

O. 5. 0. 6,736 5,255 n,99i

O. 10. 0. . 86 - 86

2. 0. 0. 2 - 2

O. 5- 0. 441 894 1,335

O. 10. 0. 138 E536 1,674

2. 0. 0. 1,508 1,140

1. 0. 0. 1,569 438 2,007

2. 0. 0. 6,152 1,(194 7,840

O. 10. 0. 1,536 1,948 3.4S4

2. 10. 0. 4,14° 9,215 13.355

O. 2. 6. 47 720 767

0. 5- 0. 18 2,274 2,202

1. 0. 0. 271 4,369 4,640

O. 2. 6. n,74i 3,409 15,150

50. O. 0. 100 9,862 9,962

IOO. O. 0. 13,800 - 13,800

O. 2. C. 7 39 46

O. 6. 8. 137 152 2 89

O. 12. 6. 62 - 6i

O. Or 6. 1,005 1,460 2,465

Appendix

44 Geo. III.

771

Account of the Gross Produce of the Stamp Duties, for the year ended 5th January 1804—continued.

DENOMINATION.

Copies of Wills ——

Affidavit or Deposition in Exchequer Courts in Scotland Affidavit in any Court at Westminster, or Copies thereof P alfports -

Original Writ- - - - 7 -

Notarial Acts, Protest, Sentence, and final Decree Inventory of Furniture, Libel in Admiralty, or Cinque Ports -

Answer, Copies of Citation or Monition, exhibited in Admiralty or Cinque Ports -Admiralty Bail Bonds -Bonds of Administration -Admissions into Corporations or Companies Awards under Hand only, Personal Decrees, Warrants, or Monition, and Copies thereof -Agreements under Hand only -Surrender or Admittance to Copyhold Certiorari, Writ of Error -Wan ants of Attorney and Arbitration Bonds, Additional Duty on every’ 15 folios of Deeds, exceeding 30 folios -Attachment and Recognizance, Conveyance to be enrolled -

Beneficial Warrant -

Deed ......

Writ of Covenant, Writ of Entry, and Letters of Mart Exemplification -

Admilhon into any Inn of Court or Chancery

Grant of Office or Employment -

Prel'entation, Collation, or Donation -

Collation, Presentation, or Donation -

Grant of Land -

Collation, Donation, or Presentation -Grant or Letters Patent -

Admittance into any of the Four Inns of Court -Dispensation - -

Regifiry, Eutry, Testiraonial, or Certificate of ^Degrees

Money Bonds - - - £. 100 or under -

Above-----£\ 100 and under £. 500

----- 500 - - - £.1,000

----- £.1,000 - - £.2,000

----- £.2,000 - - £.5,000 -

----- £. 5,000 and upwards -

(Total Produce of Money Bonds, £. 4.6,068)

Probates of Wills, of £.300 and under £.600

.--- £ 600 - - £.1,000 -

----- £.1,000 - - £.2,000 -

----- £. 2,000 - - £.5,000 -

----- £.5,000 - - £.10.000-

----- £.10,000- - £.15,000-

----- £ 15,000 - - £. 20,000 -

-----. £. 20,000 - - £. 30,000 -

----- £.3°,o°o - - £.40,000 -

----- £. 40,000 - - £. 50,000 -

*----- £. 50,000 - - £. 60,000 -

- — £. 60,000 - - £. 70,000 -

----- £.70,000 - - £.80,000-

----- £. 80,000 - - £.90,000 -

.—— £.90,000 - - -£.loo,oooo

----- £. 100,000 and upwards

(Total Produce of Probates, £.339,287)

Transfer of Bank and South Sea Stock Small Notes, 1799 ——

(Total Produce Small Notes, £.18,725)

RECEIPTS, Old Dut, { J—jJO' 5*

Town Distributors -

, (Total Produce, £. 47,094)

RECEIPTS From 0&r 10th 1803 To - Janr 5th 1804

For 40^. and under £. 10

- £. 10 - - - - £.‘io

.£.20- - - -£.50

- £.50 - - - - £.100

-£.100 - - - £. 200

- £.‘200 - - - £.500

- - £• 500 and upwards -

(Total Produce, £. 55,637)

BILLS and NOTES

(Tota.1 Produce, £.’319,286)

Rate of Duty. Actual Amount of Duty for Town* Supposed Amount of Duty Country. TOTA L of both.

£. d. £■ £■

0. 0. 6. 824 438 1,26*2

0. 1. 6. 1.970 - 1,97°

0. 2. , 0. 6,799 7,030 13,829

0. 2. 0. 198 14 ‘212

0. 3- 6. 23,329 3,390 r-f>,719

0. 4. 0. 8,938 1,765 10,703

0. 5. 0. 3,500 990 4,490

0. 5. 0. 56 - 56

0. 6. 0. 703 - 7°3

0. 7. 0. 253 252 505

0. 8. 0. 652 459 1,1 1 1

0. 10. 0. i, S30 765 2,595

0. 10. . 0. 9,983 11,652 21,635

0. 10. 0. 2,465 14,627 17 »°92

0. 12. 6* 571 - 85 656

0. 15. 0. 129,058 163,191 292,249

1. 0. 0. 3,805 00 4oS3

1. 5- 0. 11,380 - 11,380

1. 5. 0. 79,690 151,278 230,968

1. 10. 0. 7,36i 2,8ol 10,162

2. 0. 0. 1,748 482 2,230

4. 2. 0. 30 - 30

6. 10. 0. 708 312 1,020

6. 17. 0. 244 527 771

7* 5* 0. - 43 43

10. 10. 0. 348 - 348

12. 10. 0. 6,152 L345 7,497

16. 0. 0. 6,816 192 7,008

16. 4. 0. 2,250 - 2,250

20. 10. 0. 2,000 - - 1 - 2,000

28. 0. 0. - - 1,316

0. 15. 0. 768 2,299 3,067

1. 0. 0. 2,828 9,680 12,508

1, 10. 0. 2,544 5,787 8,331

2. 0. 0. 2,792 4,936 7,72s

3. 0. 0. 3,270 4,089 7,359

5- 0. 0. 4,545 2,530 7,°75

?. 0. 0. 9,120 14,792 23,912

15. 0. 0. 12.750 13,530 26,280

3°. 0. 0. 3L Ho 2o, SSp 52,020

50. 0. 0. 49,15° 21,850 71,000

■ 75- 0. 0. 35,250 8,625 43^75

110. 0. 0. 19,470 1,870 21,340

o d 0 0. 16,160 1,440 17,600

‘2 10. O. 0. 18,060 2,310 20,370

■ 310. O. 0. 10,230 930 1 1,100

• 4IO. O. 0. 10,250 410 10,660

• 510. 0. 0. 7, *40 510 7,650

6lO. O. 0. 5,490 610 6,100

710. O. 0. 4,260 - 4,260

8lO. O. 0. 2,430 810 3,240

910. O. 0. 1,820 - 1,820

1,000. 0. 0. 17,000 1,000 18,000

0. 7. 9- 93o - 93°

5^ 0. 0. 2. 14,465 500 14,965

1 0. 0. 4- 3,633 127 3,760

f 0. 0. 2. 17,282 8,968 26,250

V 0. 0. 4- 5,583 3,544 9,127

1 0. 0. 6. 2,812 1,986 4,798

) 0. 1. 0. 1,010 1,762 3,672

L 0. 2. 0. 852 1,550 2,402

845

0. 0. 2. 4,887 3,706 8,593

0. 0. 4- 1 2,433 2,581 5,014

0. 9. 8. | 4,606 5,818 10,424

0. 1. 0. 2,3H 3,605 5,916

0. 2. 0. 2,235 4,952 7,187

0. 3. 0. 5,014 4,186 9,200

0. 5. 0. 6,209 3,094 9>303

0. 0. 6. 3,706 537 4,^43

0. 1. 0. 46,828 39,437 86,265

0. 1. 6. 21,729 22,156 43,883

1 0. 2. 0. 36,2 86 28,136 64,422

0. 3. 0. 23,784 22,120 . 45.904

1 0. ,4. 0. 40,024 34,543 1 > ’ 74,567

Appendix, (No. 57-) 2° J,

continued.

772

Appendix.

A. 1304

Appendix, (No. 57.) 2* J

cuntinuciL

Account of the Gross Produce of the Stump Duties, for the year ended 5U1 January 1804—continued.

DENOMINATION.

Newspaper Almanack Bill of Lading Debenture

Transfers, Scotch -Transfers', English -Ale Licence Cards, per pack Dice, per pair

LAW OFFICERS:

Rules - -

Orders, Decrees, and Process Appearances -Judgments -

Attornies Licences Ditto - - Ditto -Pawnbrokers Licences Ditto - - Ditto -

UNIVERSITY REGISTRARS:

Degrees -

Bachelors of Arts ——

Licence to Practice in Medicine Admifliis ad eundcin gradual -Incorporati -

Matriculati -

Licenced Receipt Books, Old Duty -

(Total Produce, £.231.)

Licenced Receipt Books, New Duty

(Total Produce, £. 263.)

Post ITorfes, by Farming Post Ilori’e Licence -

Hats, Duty -

Hats, Licences

Lottery, Duty Ditto - Licences Ditto - Ditto

Race Ilorfes -

Stage Coach -Fire Insurance, per-Cont. Ditto - Ditto - Policies Ditto - Ditto - Ditto

Gold Plate, per oz. -Silver Plate, per oz. Pamphlets, generally Advertisements

Legacies, per-Cent. -Legacies (Penalties)

included the 6s. Life Policy.

(Total Produce, £.156,618.)

Apprentice -Game Certificates, generally Medicine Duty, generally Ditto - Licences -Sea insurance, generally -

Total

Rate of Duty. Actual Amount of Duty for Town. Suppefed Amount of Duty for Country. T O T A I. of both.

£■ s. d. £■ c /;.

O. 0. 3r 231,712 12,395 244,107

- O. 0. 8. 22,033 900 22,938

- O. 2. 0. 5,229 4,5H 9-740

O. 4- 0. 4,222 5,226 9,448

- 9- 19. 0. 3 - 3

- i. 0. 0. 850 836 1,686

2. 2. 0. 3,857 114,417 118,274

- 0. 2. 6. 21,511 - 21,511

- 0. 17* 6. 4,756 ’ m * 4,756

3A13 * — 3-113

- 0. 1. 0. 428 - 42 8

- 0. 1. 6. 105 - 105

;•) 0. 5* 0. 129 129

- 5- 0. 0. 10,180 - 1C, 180

- 3- 0. 0. - 12,426 12,426

- 10. 0. 0. 2,300 - 2,300

— 5* 0. 0. 2,229 2,229

4- 0. 0. 40 1,060 1,100

- 2. 0. 0. 464 464

- 4- 0. 0. - 4 4

- 0. 8. 0. - - —

- 0. 8. 0. - 3 3

t-) 0. 8. 1 0. — - 53 53

( 0. 0. 2. 67 - 67

\ 0* 0. 4- 46 - 46

0. 0. 6. 23 - 23

) 0. 1. 0. 43 - 43

0. 2. 0. 52 «• ~ 52

0. 0. 2. 5^ - 56

0. 0. 4- 49 - 49

0. 0. 6. 17 - - ‘ 17

- < 0. 0. 8. 14 - H

0. 1. 0. 32 - 0‘> 0 -

0. 2. 0. 17 - 17

0. 3- 0. 26 - 26

1) 0. 5- 0. 52 - - 52

187,281

- 0. 5* 0. 150 962 1,112

0. 0. 3- 3,85° 2,445 6»‘-Q5

) 0. 0. 6. 3,632 2,61 y 6,25

) 0. 1. 0. 6,140 2,668 S.80S

t 0. 2. 0. 16,699 3,544 20,243

.5 2. 0. 0. 752 - 752

1 »■) 0. 5* 0. 1,100 1,100

- 0. 0. 2. 3,580 - 3,580

- 50- 0. 0. 2,000 - 2,000

>0 10. 0. 0. * * 1,590 U59°

- 2. 2. 0. per Mile, 1 - - i 573 573

O. 0. 2. 1 90,040 35.196 125,236

- 0. 2. 0. ! 205,159 22,154 227,313

- O. 3- 0. 1 6,658 380 7^38

1 is O. 6. 0. 5,943 1 - 414 6,357

- O. 16. 0. j 7.471 484 7*955

- O. 1. 0. 1 46,504 7,391 ’ 53>$9<5

i 425 12 437

- O. 3- 0. j 43,076 37,126 80,202

( 2. 0. 0. ! 43,306 17,814 61,211

J 3- 0. 0. 1 22,095 4,461 26,556

1 4- 0. 0. j 767 1,441 2,200

t 6. 0. 0. 46,976 19,542 66,5! 8

•) ' ' 107 17 124

4,766 3.745

388 71,815 72,203

22,403 4,900 27*:Ul3

1,156 651 1.807'

- - - - 175,5' 5 44,260 219,765

- - £■ 3.316.640

Comptroller’s Office, Stamps, July 2d, 1804. y

C/i‘ Stedman,

Comptr auJ Aceompt* Gen’.

44 Geo. XXI.

Appendix;

773

A Further ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant tb Addresses of The House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons, for his Services in the Session 1802-3 -

John Caley, Esquire, for Rewards to Persons employed in sorting the Public Records -

Thomas Banks, Statuary, being the second Instalment under a Contract for erecting a Monument in St. Paul's Cathedral to the Memory of Captain George Blagden Weftcot -

Representatives of John Bacon, Statuary, being the second Instalment for erecting a Monument in St. Paul’s Cathedral to the Memory of Major General Duudas -

Representatives of John Bacon, Statuary, being the last Instalment for erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey to the Memory of Captains Harvey and Ilutt ——

Charles llofli, Statuary, being the second Instalment for erecting a Monument in St. Paul*fc Cathedral to the Memory of Captains James Robert Mode and Captain Riou ——

£■ *• d-

1,086 4 -

*,5*5 * —

1.480 18 —

1.112 15 —

1.112 15 —

1.480 18 — 8,798 11 —

Exchequer, the 2d day of July 1804.

James Fishfr.

STATEMENT of the Annual Estimated COSTS and CHARGES, and SALE AMOUNT, of The Company's Sales in England, from the year ending 1 ft March 1799 to lft March 1804, respectively; distinguishing the India from the China Goods.

INDIA. CHINA. TOTAL India and China.

( Cost and Charges. Sale Amount. r Cost and Charges. 1 Sale Amount. f Cost and Charges. ) Sale Amount.

1799 £.4,209,810 £•4.663,390 1 £•2,772,373 £.3,652,283 £.6,982,183 £•8,315,673

1800 2,948,176 3,564,694: 3,060,046 3,794,982 6,008,222 7,359,676

1801 3,280,043 3,978,800 j 2,919,250 3,616,381 6,199,293 7,595,181

1802 2,179.991 3,086,943 2,822,722 3,539.404 5,002,713 6,626,347

1803 1,846,357 2,289,274 . 2,909,118 3,753.252 4,755,475 6,042,526

1804. 1,943,920 2,236,396 2,950,009 3,629,677 4,893,929 5,866,073

East India House, 7 (Errors excepted.) QJia* Cartzvrtylt,

3d July 1804. j Accountant General.

An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of ChMPENSATIONS awarded by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for granting " Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in respect of those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to fend any " Member to Parliament, after the Union; and to make Compensation to those Persons, whose Offices may thereby be discontinued " or uiniinished in Value," to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or diminished in Value, by the Union:—Distinguishing particularly the Days on which such Compensations were awarded; and the Persons, by name, to whom; and the Dates of the respective Patents, Grunts, Warrants, or Appointments, under which such Persons respectively held the Offices, in right whereof such Compensations were awarded; and the Amount thereof, in the whole.

OFFICES. Particulars of the Compensation. Date of the Board’s Report. PERSONS. Dates of the Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments.

Prime Serjeant - Senior Counsel to the Commissioners of the Revenue. £• 1,375- 15- 0. per annum. £. 1,382. 12. 6. the total Sum of the Losses he suffered during his continuance in the said Office. 2d June 1801. 3d July 1801. Right hon. St. Geo. Daly. Robert Johnson, esq. Patent, 28th January 1799. In possession of the Office on the lft August 1800, and continued in possession until after the 1 ft January 1801^ and shortly afterwards was appointed a Judge of the Court of Common Pleas.

Attorney General - £.2,086. 5. 9. per anu. 11th July 1801. Right hon. John Stewart. Patent, 22d December 1800.

Solicitor General - £.1,379- 7- 1- Per ann. 11th July 1801. William Smith, esq. Patent, 22d December 1800.

Solicitor for the Revenue in the Inland Department. £.716. 14. 4J. per ann. 30th July 1801. Richard Cooban Carr, esq. Appointed in the year 1783, and ih possession of the Office on the ill January 1801.

Solicitor for she Revenue in the Port Department. £.716. 14. 4§. per ann. 30th July 1801. Richard Waller, esq. Appointed in the year 1783, and in possession of the Office on the lft January 1801.

Joint ResidentSecretary in London to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and all’o Joint Solicitor in England for the Revenue of Ireland. £.2,030. 10. 8. per ann. one half to eaeh. 2ift August 1801. John Jenkinson and William Henry Fremantle, esqrs. In possession of the Office on the lft January 1801, and for several yean previous to that day*

VOL. 59. . 9 L

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

a* Julii.


Appendix, (No. 59.) 3* JuliL

Appendix, (No. 60.) 3° Julii.

774

Appendix.

Appendix,

‘ (No. 60.)

3

continued.

The Account of Compensation.s awarded to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or diminiffied in Value, by the Union—continued.

O F F I C E S.

Particulars of the Conipensation.

Clerk of the Crown in the Chancery of England.

Clerk of the Crown and Clerk of the Hanaper in the Chancery of Ireland.

Deputy Clerk of the Crown and Deputy Clerk of the llanaper in the Chancery of Ireland.

Mailer General of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Secretary to the Mailer General of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Clerk to the Mailer General of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Clerk of the Privy Council of Ireland.

One of the Deputy Clerks of the Privy Council of Ireland.

One of the Deputy Clerks of the Privy Council of Ireland.

Ulher and Keeper o the Council Chamber of Ireland.

Clerk in the Privy Council Office of Ireland.

Clerk in the Privy Council of Ireland.

£- 330- o.i. p. ann.

£.405. 19. 8. per ann.

£• 168. 19. 5J per ann.

£. 1,200. o. o. per ann.

£. 100. o. o. per ann. £, 50. o. o. per ann.

£. 21. 8. 10. per ann.

£.115.19.1. per ann.

£. 111. 17. 1 i. per ann.

£. 56. 5. 11. per ann. £. 60. o. o. per ann.

£. 40. o 0. per ann.

Junior Counsel to the Commissioners of the Revenue.

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, and of Arms, Armories, and other habiliments of War in Ireland.

Clerk to the late Lieutenant General of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Deputy Clerk of the Crown in the Chancery of England.

First Clerk in the Crown Office in the Chancery of England.

Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Secretary to John earl of Clare, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Purse-bearer to John earl of Clare, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Train-bearer and Gentleman Usher to John earl of Clare, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Porter to John carl of Clare, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

First Clerk in the Secretary of State’s Office for the Home Department in England.

Under Secretary in the Civil Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

First Clerk in the Civil Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Clerk in the Civil Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Ditto -

Ditto ......

£.682. 12. 6. per ann.

Date of the Board’s Report.

£. 600. o. o. per ann. £. 70. o. o. per ann.

£.64. 1. 8. per ann.

£■ 7- H- 53 per ann.

£. 161. 6. 9. per ann.

£. 130.16. 3. per ann £.91. l. 3. per ann.

£. 54. 18. o. per ann.

£. 34. 8. 6. per ann.

£. 54. 3. 4. per ann.

£■ 79- 4- ll per ann.

£. 80. 0. Cl. perann.

£. 121. 14. 3. per ann.

£. 121. 14. 3. per ann. 121. 14. 3. per ann,

21ft August 1801.

3d October 1801.

3d 0<5lober 1801.

5th October 1801. 5th October 1801.

5 th October 1801.

6th October 1801.

6th October 1801. 6th October 1801.

1

6th October 1S01. 6th October 1801.

1

6th October 1801.

9th October 1801.

9th October 1801. 9th October 1801.

10th October 1801.

10th October 1801.

21ft October 1801.

2lfl October 1801. 2d ft October 1801.

21ft October 1801. 2ill October 1801.

21ft October 1801.

21 ft October 1801.

30th October 1801

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

PERSONS.

Hon. John Yorke.

Edmond Henry Lord Viscount Limerick.

Thomas Bourchier.

Hon. Thomas Paken-ham.

Thomas Pakenham, esq.

William Pakenham, esq.

Henry Lord Viscount Clifden.

Dates of the Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments.

Henry Upton, esq. John Patrickfon, esq.

John Patrickfon, esq. John Ebbs, gent.

William McKay, gent. Charles Offiorne, esq.

Marcus Beresford, esq. James Uniacke, esq.

Tho* Raffileigh, esq.

Henry Hughes, gent.

John earl of Clare.

John Dwyer, esq. John Beresford, esq.

Francis Beaujohn.

Robert Neilly.

William Pollock, esq.

Edward Cooke, esq.

William Taylor, esq.

Peter Le Bas, gent.

Charles Crow, gent.

Charles Berkeley Kippux, gent.

In possession of the Office on the ill January 1801, and for several year*

previous to that day.

Patent, 7th July 1797. Appointment, 7th July 1797.

Patent, 29th August 1800. Appointment, 29th August 1800.

Appointment, 29th August 1800.

In possession by Patent, on the lft January 1801, and for several years previous thereto.

In possession by Appointment, on the ill January 1801, and for several

years previous thereto.

In possession by appointment, on the lft January 1801, and hr several years previous thereto.

Patent, lft October 1789.

In possession by Appointment, the ill January 1801, and for several

years previous thereto.

In possession by Appointment, the lft January 1801, and for several

years previous to that day.

In possession by Appointment, on the ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

Patent, nth October 1800.

i *; .

Appointment, 11th Oflbber 1800.

In possession by Appointment, on the lft January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

Ditto

In possession on the lft January 1801, and for several years previous

to that day.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 775

The Account of Compensations awarded to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or ditninished in Value, by the Union—continued.

OFFICES. Particulars of the Compensation. Date of the Board’s Report. PERSONS. > Dates of the Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments.

One of the Clerks in Ordinary of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council of Great Britain. £■ 171- 19- 2i. per ami. 10th October 1801. William Fawkener, elq. In possession on the ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

One of the Under Clerks of His Majt-dy’s mod lion. Privy Council of Great Britain, and Agent for the Irish Hoad and other Private Bills. £. 1C9. 12. 9., per ann. Ditto. Enos Smith, gent. Ditto.

One of the Under Clerks and Office-keeper of 11 is Majesty’s moll Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain. £. 62. 4. 4. per ann. Ditto. Vincent Litchfield, gent. Ditto.

One of the Under Clerks of His Majestys most Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain. £. 2ik 0. 4. per ann. * 10th October 1801. William Van, gent. Ditto.

Ditto ----- £. 21. 0. 4. per ann. Ditto. John Defaguliers Wheatley, gent. Ditto.

One of the Chamber-keepers of His Majesty’s most Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain. £. 7. 14. 6. per ann. Ditto. Robert Pike, gent. v Ditto.

Ditto ----- £.7. 14.6. per ann. Ditto. James Harding, gent. Ditto.

NeceTlary Woman to His Majesty’s inolt Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain. £-3- 13-6. per ann. Ditto. Mrs. Elizabeth Litchfield. Ditto.

Meffienger to His Majestys mo ft Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain. £• 3- 13* 6. per ann. Ditto. Thomas Cooper, gent. Ditto.

Ulster King of Arms of all Ireland. £. 691. 5. i| per aim. 9th Novr 1801. Sir Chichester For-tefeue, kn‘ Ditto.

Serjeant Trumpeter attending His Majesty’s State in Ireland. £• 8. 4- 7h per ann. 16th Novr 1801'. 1 1 i Luke Heron. Ditto.

One of the Trumpeters attending His Majesty’s State in Ireland. £■ 8- 4- 7i- per ann. Ditto. John Boyce. Ditto.

One of the Trumpeters attending His Majesty's State in Ireland. £■ 8. 4. 7f. per ann. Ditto. Timothy Kelly. Ditto.

One of the Trumpeters attending His Majesty’s State in Ireland. £. 8, 4. 7J. per ann. Ditto. Christopher Pittner. Ditto.

One of the Trumpeters attending His Majesty’s State in Ireland. £.9. 4. 7^. per ann. Ditto. John Day, fen. Ditto.

One of the Trumpeters attending His Majesty’s State in Ireland. £. 8. 4. 7I. per ann. 21ft Novr 1801. John Day, jun. In possession on the ill January 1801.

Gentleman Ulher attending the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for the time being. £' 237- °* 3* per ann. 30th Novr 1801. Stewart Bruce, esq. Warrant, 19th December 1800.

Cork Herald at Arms. £. 1S5.16.0. per ann. 2d December 1801. Solomon Delane, esq. Patent, 11th January 1797.

Crown Solicitor on behalf of His Majesty. £. 314.14. 6. per ann. 3d December 1801. Thomas Kemmis, esq. Warrant, 26th January 1784.

Deputy Keeper of His Majesty’s Signet or Privy Seal in Ireland. £. 79. 10. 7. per ann. Ditto. James Ormsby, esq. Warrant, 4th July 1797.

Joint House-keeper and Wardrobe-keeper of His Majesty’s Houses in the Castle of Dublin, and Director and Surveyor of His Majesty’s Gardens belonging to the said Cattle. £-37- 16. 3. per ann. 5th Deer 1801. Mrs. Lucy Waite, and Mrs. Isabella Cooke. Patent, 23d December 1794.

Dublin Herald at Arms. £. 185. 16. 1. per ann. Ditto. Tlio. Meredith Win-l'tanley, elq. Patent, 18th April 1793.

Late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Ordnance in Ireland. £. j,2o6. 13. 0. per ann. 9th Deer 1801. Robert Uniacke, esq. Patent, 16th August 1799.

First Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance in Ireland. £. 250. 0. 0. per ann. 10th Deer 1801. William Boulger, gent. In possession on the ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

* Late Chief Store-keeper of the Ordnance in Ireland. £.616.13.9. per ann. 9th Deer 1801. John Hobson, esq. Patent, 15th March 1799.

Late First Clerk to the Principal Store-keeper of the Ordnance in Ireland, and late one of the Proof Matters of the Ordnance in Ireland. £. 207. 0. 0. per ann. Ditto. * John Hughes, gent. In possession of the Office on the ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

Appendix,

(No. 60.)

3' >/'>>

continued.

776

Appendix.

A. 1804;

Appendix, (No. 60.) 3* 3W».

continued.

The Account of Compensations awarded to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or diminished in Value, by the Union—coritinueti.

OFFICES.

Late Clerk of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Clerk to the Deliveries of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Second Clerk to the Principal Storekeeper of the Ordnance in Ireland, and late one of the Proof Matters of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Clerk to the Surveyor General of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Clerk to the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance in Ireland.

Lite Clerk to the Treasurer of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Second Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late A Hi ft ant Clerk of the Works in the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Matter Furbilher in the Ordnance Office in Ireland.

Late Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance of Ireland.

Treasurer and Paymaster of the Office of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Secretary to the Board of Ordnance in Ireland.

Late Assistant Fire Master of the Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance Office in Ireland.

Late Clerk to the Comptroller of the Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance Office in Ireland.

Late Assistant or Second Clerk in the Surveyor General's Office of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Late 3d Clerk in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance in Ireland.

Chief Fire Matter of the Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance in Ireland.

I^ate Assistant Clerk in the Secretaries Office of the late Board of Ordnance in Ireland.

One of the Clerks in Ordinary of His Majesty’s most Hon. Privy Council of Great Britain.

Secretary to John late earl of Clare, late Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, for Lottes in confluence of the appointment of the Matter of the Rolls in Ireland.

Clerk to the Right Hon. John Stewart, Attorney General of Ireland.

Agent for all such of His Majesty’s Forces on the Irish Establishment ierving in His Majesty’s Garrison of Gibraltar, or in his Majesty’s Pof-sessions in Canada, Nova Scotia, or elsewhere, out of Ireland.

Athlone, Pursuivant at Arms.

1

Lat? principal Messenger to the Board of Ordnance in Ireland.

King’s Stationer in Ireland.

I Ioufekeeper to the Board of Ordnance in Ireland.

Particulars of the Compensation.

£.487. 2. 6. per ann.

£. 195. 2. o. p. ann.

£.145. 10. o. per ann.

£. 250. o. o. p. ann. £. 224. o. o. p. ann.

£. 224. o. o. p. ann.

£. 125. 10. o. per ann.

£. 80. o. o. per ann. £, 80. o. o. per ann. £.400. o. o. p. ann. £.500. o. o. p. ann.

£.520. 3. 6. p. ann.


£,130, 1. 1. p. ann. £. 70. o. o. per ann.

£• 1*25’ *2. 6. per ann.

£, 115. 10. o. per ann.

£• 150. o. o. p. ann. £' 49- 6. 8f. p. ann.

£,607. 19. 2J. per ann.

£. 500. o. o. p. anil.

£.446. 12. per ann.

981. 3. 6. p. ann.

£•92. 18. o. p. ann. £. 94. 4. 4. p. ann. £■ 3^3- 2. 8. p. ann. £. 181. 2. (3. p. ann.

Date of the Board's Report.

10th Deer 1801. 10th Deer 1801.

12th Deer 1801.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto. , Ditto.

12th Dccr 1801. 11th Deer 1801. 14th Deer 1801. Ditto.

Ditto.

• Ditto.

15th Deer 1801. 16th Deer 1801.

17th Deer 1801. 19th Deer 1S01.

29 th January 1S02.

8 th February 1802 9U1 February! 802.

30th JanJr 1802.

loth Feby 1802.

1 *2th Feb*' 1S02. 27th Fehr 1802. lolh March 1802.

PERSONS.

Ponsonby Tottenham, elq.

William Cadge, gent.

Samuel Medlicot, gent.

Thomas Dickinson, gent.

Fielding Lytter, gent.

William Turner, gent.

William Mollan, gent.

William Monks, gent.

Thomas Rylands, gent,

Robert Wynne, esq.

Thomas Burgh, esq.

Joseph Atkinson, esq.

Thomas Baynhara, gent.

John Devereux, gent.

George Fofler Dalton, gent.

William Smith, gent.

Copt. Richard Legge. Edward Dalton, gent.

Sir Stephen Cottrell knf.

John Dwyer, esq. James Galbraith, esq.

John Earl of A1 borough.

Geo. Twifteton Rids-dale, esq.

Anthony Cofgrave.

Abraham Bradley King, esq.

.Mary Manfer, fpiufter.

Dates of the Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments.

Patent, .29th September 1800.

In possession on the lft January 1801,

and for several years previous to that day.

’ S'jlj

Ditto.

Ditto.

In possession from 30th February 1797, and on lft January 1801.

In possession on the lft January 1801,

and for several years previous to that day.

Ditto.

In possession from lft July 1799, and on ill January 1801.

In possession from 1 ft January, 1800* and on lft January 1801.

Patent, 15 th September 1789. Patent, 23d June 1779.

Warrant, 30th September 1800.

In possession on 1 ft January 1801, and from lit January 1797.

In possession on the 1 ft January 1801, and for several years previous thereto.

In possession on 1 ft January 1801, and from the month of March 1798.

In possession on lft January 1801, and from the month of November 1797-

In possession from 22d September 1797, and on ill January 1801.

In possession on lft January 1801,

and from 30th June 1798.

In possession on lit January 1801,

and for several years previous thereto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Warrant, 8th January 1792.

Patent, 27th May 1793. Appointed 16th May 1797. Patent, 21ft December 1778. Warrant, 4th January 1797.

Appendix

44 Geo. III.

777

The Account of Compensations awarded to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or diminiffied in Value, by the Union_continued.

OFFICES. Particulars of the Compensation. Date of the Board’s Report. PERSONS, Dates of the Patents, Grants, Warrants, or Appointments.

One of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department in Ireland. Draftsman to the Board of Ordnance in Ireland. £. 18. o. o. per ann. £. Go. o. o. per inn. 9th March 1802. 29th March 1802. Maurice McDonnell. Charles Tarrant, esq. In possession on lft January 1801, and for several years previous to that day. Appointed ill July 1763.

Second Serjeant at Arms. £.75. 2. 6. per ann. 5th April 1802. Henry Minchin, esq. Patent, 26th September 1789.

One of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department in Ireland. One of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department in Ireland. £. 31.0.0. per ^nn. £.31. 0. 0. per ann. Ditto. Ditto. John Campbell. Richard Lane. In possession on ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day. Ditto.

One of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department in Ireland. £. 18. 0. 0. per ann. Ditto. Thomas Tighe. Ditto.

One of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department in Ireland, and Porter at the Laboratory Stores in the Ordnance Oflice in Ireland. £. 49. 1. 10. per ann. 12th April 1802. John Elliott. In possession under an Appointment on ill January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

Office-keeper to the Office of the under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland. £. 3. 19. 6. per ann. 3d May 1802. Stephen Phillips. In possession on ill January 1801) and for several years previous to that day.

Office-keeper of the 0$ce of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. ,£. 67. 15- 9- P- ann. 24th May 1802. Henry Paine, gent. Ditto.

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod. £■ 237- °- 3- P- a*111- 31ft May 1802. Thomas Lindray, esq. Appointment, 9th June 1798.

Second Clerk in the War Office in the Castle of Dublin. Late Guardians and Keepers of the Rolls, Records, Philicers Books, and Writings of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland. £. 15. 12. 10. p. ann. £.2,614. 13.6J. per ann. each entitled to one-half. 7th June 1802. 21ft June 1802. John Erck, gent. Right bon. John earl of Glandoreund Right hon. John Joshua earl of Carysfort. In possession on lft January 1801, and for several years previous to that day. Patent, 12th August 1789.

Late Comptroller of the Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance of Ireland. £. 200. 0. 0. p.ann. Ditto. Colonel John Pratt. In possession on ill January 1801, and far several years previous to that day.

Agent to the Royal Artillery Regiment of Ireland. £. 1,112. 14. ij.per ann. 5 th July 1802. Thomas Burgh, esq. Ditto.

One of the King's Messengers Extraordinary. £■ 43- 17- 10i- Per ann. 19th July 1802. Thomas Poyle. Ditto.

One of the King's McfTengers Extraordinary. £.43. 17. 10J. per ann. Ditto. William Breton. Ditto.

One of the Deputy Purfuivants at Arms and one of the King’s Meifen-gers in Ordinary. .£■ 64. 15. 6. p. ann. Dittq. Thomas Dawes. Ditto.

One of the Deputy Purfuivants at Arms and on« of the King’s Meffcn-gers in Ordinary. £• 64. 15. 6. p. ann. Ditto. James Hyde. Ditto.

Office-keeper of the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. f . 10. 0. 0. per ann. In addition to the former Sum reported. 2d August 1802.: Henry Paine. Ditto.

Porter of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. \£. 10. 0. 0. per ann. Ditto. J antes Flan agan, gent. Ditto.

Clerks in the War Office of Ireland. deputy Guardian and deeper of the Rolls, Records, Philicers Books, and Writing* of the High Court of Chancery of Ireland. £■ 350- 5- 9- P- ann. each entitled to one-half. £. 725. 0. 0. p. ann. * ;3oth August 1802. 14th Feb. 1803. John Erck and Ed ward Connor. Mathew Franks, esq. Ditto. Appointment, 4th September 1789.

Surgeon to the late Irish Board of Ordnance. £45- 10. 0. p. ann. 25th April 1S03. George Charleton, esq. Appointment, 6th September 1796,

Purse-bearer to Alexander Lord Loughborough (now earl of Rofslyn) late Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain. £*15*o8. Lljj prann. 2d May 1803. William Randall, esq. In possession on ill January 1801, and for several years previous thereto.

Late one of the Gentlemen of the Chamber to Alexander Lord Loughborough (now earl of Rofslyn) late Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain. £. 6. 6. 2 j. p. ahn. ad May 1803. Thomas Hand, gent. Ditto.

Vo L. S9*

Appendix, (No. 60.) 3° 7ulu>

continued.

__________'

-Appendix,

(No. Co.)

3°

continued.

778

Appendix-.

A. 1804.

The Account of Compensations awarded to Persons whose Offices were discontinued, or diminished in Value, by the Union— continued.

Particulars Date Dates of the

OFFICE S. of the of the PERSONS. Patents, Grants, Warrants,

Compensation. Board s Report. or Appointments.

Late one of the Gentlemen of the

Chamber to Alexander Lord Lough- In possession on lft January 1801,

"borough (now earl of Rofslyn) late £.1.4. 6. 2d May 1803. Joseph Vernon, gent. and. for several months previous to

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain. that day.

Late Sealer of the High Court of Chancery of Great Britain. £■ 5. 10. 4. per ann. t)itto. The Revd Wm Lloyd. In possession on 1 ft January 1801, and for several years previous thereto.

Late Deputy Sealer of the High Court of Chancery of Great Britain. £■3- 1 7.2J. p. ann. Ditto* Charles Dowfe, gent. Ditto.

Late one of the Chaffers of the

Wax in the High Court of Chancery of Great Britain. £• 3- 13- p. ann. Ditto. William Buller, esq. Ditto.

Late one of the Chaffers of the

Wax in thellrgh Court of Chancery of Great Britain. £-2- 13- P- ann* Ditto. Walter Pye, Esq. Ditto.

Late Porter to the Great Seal of Great Britain. £■ 3- 13* p. ann. Ditto. George Lisbon, gent. Ditto.

Knight Ulster King of Arms of all Ireland. £. 140. 0. 0. p. ann. in addition to the former. 6th June 1803. Sir Chichester For-tefeue, knight. . Ditto.

Late Clerk of the Works on the F.ftablishment of the late Irish Board of Ordnance. £. 20. 0. 0. per ann. 13th June 1803* Robert Grant, gent. In possession on lft January iSol* and for some years previous to that day.

Late Supplier of Medical Attend- In possession by Appointment, on

ance to the several Detachments of the late ltoyal Irish Regiment of Artillery. £•311. 7* i- P- ann* 5th Septem' 1803. John Morton, gent. the lft January 1801, and for upward* of two years previous to that day*

His Majesty's Printer in Ireland. £.13,584.18. 3,* 26th Septr 1803. George Grierson* Patent, 27th March 1766.

# This is not an Annual Grant, but the Value of a number of Volumes of the Irish Statutes (specified in and by the Report)

now remaining on Hands, and payable upon Claimant's delivering fame to Government, at the rate of two Pence a ffieet for Print-

ing, and ten Shillings a Volume for Binding, and is exclusive of

other Claims still remaining undetermined.

Formerly Clerk in the Office of

John Jenkinson and William Henry Fremantle, esqrs. joint resident Secretary in London to the Lord Lieu- £.218. 0. 0. p. ann. 23d January! 804. Henry Coles, esq. In possession on lft January 1801, and for several years previous to that day.

tenant of Ireland.

Formerly Messenger in the Office

of John Jenkinson and William Henry Fremantle, esqrs. joint reii-dent Secretary in London to the £.59. 10. 3. p. ann. Ditto. Patrick Madden, gent. Ditto.

Loid Lieutenant of Ireland.

Enrolling Clerk at the Office of the Rolls of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in Ireland. £ 35- 9- 5- per ann. 7th May 1804. Richard Nash, gent. Ditto.

One of the Purfuivants at Arms

and one of the King's Messengers in Ordinary. £.64. 15. 6. p. ann. 21ft May 1804. Henry Maryon, gent. Ditto.

Late Aid-de-Camp to the Honourable Thomas Pakenham, late Master £.332.18. o.p.ann. 1 ith June 1804. Henry Euftaco, esq. In possession of lft January 1801,

General of the Ordnance in Ireland. and previous to that day.

Amount in the Whole of the Annual Payments reported; amounting to Amount of Sums reported to be in full for Losses claimed

£.32,318. 14. 11. £.14,967. 10. 9.

Returned in pursuance of an Order of th* Honourable Hous« of Commons, datsd 11th June 1804.

Daniel M‘Kayf Secrn

Office of Commissioners of Compensation,

N# ii, Merrion-street, Dublin,

25 th June 1804.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

7 79

A PLAN for the more easy Admission to The British Museum; being the Regulations now in force:

Appendix, (No. 61.) 3° JuUL

DIRECTIONS respecting the READING ROOM of The British Museum;

Approved 14th January 1803.

THE Reading Room of the Museum is open from Ten till Four, every day: except on Saturdays and Sundays, and for one week at Christmas, Easter, and Whitfuntidc also on Thanksgiving and Fall days.

Persons desirous of Admission are to fend in their Applications, in writing, to the principal Librarian, who will lay the fame before the next General Meeting or Committee of the Trustees. But as it might be dangerous, in so populous a Metropolis as London, tfl admit perfect Strangers, it is expected that every Person who applies, if not known to any Trustee or Officer, should produce a recommendation from some Person of known and approved character.

In all cases which require such dispatch as that time Cannot he allowed for making an application to the Trustees, the principal Librarian, of, in his absence, the Secretary, is empowered to grant a temporary leave, till the next general Meeting or Committee.

Permissions will in general be granted for Three months, and none for a longer term than Six months; and at the expiration of each term, fresh application is to be made for & renewal.

Although the Librarians be fhiclly enjoined to use all possible dispatch in supplying the Readers with the printed Books or Manuscripts they may apply for, yet as in so extensive a Library it may not be possible to find every article immediately, it is recommended to the Readers to allow a reasonable time for the search, especially as to the printed Books.—It is expected that the Library will soon be in such a Rate of arrangement, as to render this intimation superfluous.

No Redder (except in particular cases, at the discretion of the principal Librarian) will be entitled to more than two volumes at a time; but they may be exchanged as often as he may require.

Readers will be allowed to take one or more Extrads from any printed Book or Manuscript; but no whole, or greater part, of a Manuscript is to be transcribed, without a particular leave from the Trustees. The Transcribers are not to lay the paper on which they write on any part of the Book or Manuscript they are using.

No Rerfon is* on any pretence whatever; to write on any part of a printed Book or Manuscript belonging to the Museum; but if any one should observe a defect, or be able to point out an improvement in such Book or Manuscript, he is requested to signify tire fame to the Officer in waiting, who will make proper use of the information.

It may be sufficient merely to suggest that Silence is absolutely re-quilite in a place dedicated to the purposes of ltudy.

British Museum, I 3d July 1804.

Approved 8th June 1804.

PERSONS who wifti to fee the British Museum, will apply at the Assembling Room on any Monday, Wednesday, or Friday, beftveen the Hours of Ten and Two; where each Individual will be required to inferibe his or her Naraei and Place of Abode, in a Book, to be kept for the purpose.

Five Companies, of not more than 15 Persons each, may be admitted in the course of the day; namely, One at each of the hours of 10, 11, 12, 1, and 2.—At each of these hours the directing Officer in waiting shall examine the Entries in the Book; and, if none of the Persons inscribed be exceptionable, he shall consign them to the Attendant whose turn it will be to conduct the Companies through the House.

Should more than 15 Persons inferibe their Names for a given hour, the Supernumeraries will be desired to wait or return at the next hour, when they will be admitted preferably to other Applicants.

And should, in the course of the day, a greater number of Persons apply than can be admitted According to this Regulation, the last Comers shall be allowed to inferibe their Names, and they shall be admitted on the next open day preferably to other Applicants.

The principal Librarian, or, in his absence, the Secretary, shall be allowed to grant Tickets of Admissioi to any particular Companies, of whatever number, not exceeding 15, appointing a certain day and hour, when they will be admitted, without the addition of any of those who apply in the ordinary way. But pot more than one of these Companies shall be appointed for each day; and this shall not be considered as one of the Five Companies admitted in the manner above dated.

N. B. No Money is to be given to the Attendants or Servants.

June 8,1804At a Committee

Present, Earl Spencer, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Townley, Mr. Cavendish,

Mr. Annesley;

Resolved,

That a trial be made of the said Plain, as soon as the Tickets already issued will permit.

(A true Copy.)

E. W. Gray, Sec.

Memorandum.—In the year 1802, the Principal Trustees, viz. the Archbishop of Canterbury* the Lord Chancellor, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, appointed Three Additional Attendants, for the purpose of facilitating thef Admission of Persons desirous of seeing the Museum.

Joseph Plantai

Principal Librarian*

780

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appendix, (No. 6 a.) 3* Just,

Ireland.—ACCOUNTANT GENERAL’S ABSTRACT,

REVENUE:

Former Week.

Present Week.

DISTRICTS. | Arrears. Suras in advance Balances. 11 ,\ produce* Payments. Arrears. Ba-

Ending >th January £ 1803. Commencing >tii January 1803. Cash in Handi. Over- drawn. ~1|1 Charge. Trea- h fury. c Management. Ending 5th January £ 1803. Com- mcucing ith January , 1803. ‘ in Advance Cash iQ Hands.

Armagh - _ _ 6,620 2,730 — _ 9,350 180 20 80 5,550 S,88o

Athione - 1,360 3,750 - 2,290 - 7,400 HO - * 1,340 3,630 - 2,54°

Baltimore - 700 5,150 .. 910 * 3,760 - - * 700 a,150 910

liallyraine - - - 140 IOO 800 - 1,040 140 IOO 800

Belfast 10,440 - 10,440 1,600 $30 770 - - - - 10,910

Cavan - 600 1,980 - ’ _ l,86o * 4,440 110 . - 600 1,980 - 1,9/0

Clomnell - - 9,5°° 18,190 l6o 5,390 - 33,540 9,500 18,190 l6o 5,39

Coleraine - - 3,59° 5,220 1,020 5,590 - 12,420 300 220 - 3,590 4,950 1,020 2,940

Cork Port - - - - 2,040 27,950 - 29,990 3,210 - - " 290 - - 5,040 30,870

Cork Excise - 5,180 24,920 - 4,97° - 30,070 " " " " 5,180 24,920 - 4,970

Dingle 980 2,030 7,o8o 690 - 10,780 380 - 890 640 2,090 - 5,270

Donaghadee - 230 560 940 870 - 2,600 400 - 90 230 810 940 93®

Drogheda - - 110 3,770 - 8,850 - 12,730 3,900 - 150 HO 7,530 - 9,140

Dublin Port 1,050 - 1,050 9,550 2,960 2,820 - - 730 3,790

Dublin Excise - 34.850 65,000 950 1,240 - 102,010 6,500 5,620 1,710 34,850 63,680 950 i,73o

Dublin County - 480 2,760 - - - 3,540 30 l80 50 480 2,560 -

Dundalk - - 4,110 2,18o’ 710 1,550 - 8,250 - " " 4,110 2,l80 710 1,350

Ennis - 4,030 - - " 1,810 - - 11,150 590 - - 90 5,3io 4,060 - - 2,280

Foxford - - 580 1,080 - " 410 - - 2,070 800 20 600 580 69O - - 980

Galway - 6,300 5,070 1,080 5,550 - - 18,000 i,35o 540 l6o 6,300 5,950 1,080 5,310

Killybegs - - 820 660 3,800 5,280 820 660 _ 3,800

Kilkenny - - 360 1,910 50 1,070 - 3,390 >,970 140 lO 360 3,460 - - 1,390

Kiniale - 10 1,420 1,460 - 2,890 i,5»o 1,110 200 10 1,190 - 1,890

Larne - - 1,560 37o - 870 2,800 470 - 200 1,560 380 - . 1,13*

Limerick - - 130 3,610 I,8l0 7,960 - i3,5io 4,760 230 70 130 7,8i° I,8l0 8,220

Lifburne - 3*470 1,270 - 1,480 - 6,220 3,°4° - 290 3,470 2,790 - - 2,710

Londonderry - 120 2,090 1,540 2,460 - 6,210 - 6lO - 120 2,090 L540 1,850

Loughrea - - 3,840 2,330 280 1,640 - 8,090 290 350 110 3,160 2,070 280 2,440

Maryborough 7,°9° 18,730 830 7,77o - 34,450 - 1,920 - 7,090 18,730 830 5, SjO

Mallow - 1,960 5,070 20 460 - 7,5io 200 - 90 1,960 4',9io 20 730

Naas - 1,290 4,850 - 3,^3° - 9,97° - - - 1,290 4,s5o - 3>*3°

Newry - - 210 950 370 - i,53o 1,770 1,070 110 - 87O 950 300

Ross . ' - 10 520 - - 3,750 - - 4,550 530 - - 140 10 400 - - 4,530

Sligo - ’ - 3,600 i,*4° 250 i,97o - 7,060 60 - - 3,580 1,190 2.-0 2,100

Strabane - - 2,110 260 LOJO 320 - 3,750 130 190 20 2,100 260 1,030 250

Strangt'ord - - 2,630 1,100 - 620 - 4,350 - - 230 - 2,030 1,100 - 390

Trim 4,100 9,97° 200 2,070 - - 16,340 1,500 120 340 4,080 10,200 200 2,810

Waterford - - 1,080 3,150 8,180 13,400 - 25,810 - 1,100 - 1,080 3,150 8,l8o 12,300

Wexford - - L47o 3,740 - 2,690 - 7,9oo 6,020 840 260 1,470 5,330 - 6,020

Wicklow - 1,600 6,240 - 1,060 - - 8,900 1,280 790 I90 i,5oo 6,760 - 1,170

Youghall - - - 1,54° - - 4,47o - - 6,010 1,440 - - 130 - 2,000 - - 5,320

Totals - - .111,130 219,730 29,190 M5,l4o - - 505,190 53,650 19,060 9,860 110,040 , 231,020. 55,79° 161,600

Balances of former Week. Produce. Payments. Balances of present Week.

t Treasury. ) Management.

£■ s. d. £■ *• d. £■ *■ d. £. *. £. t. d.

Dublin Stamps - 3,139 6 11 5,376 14 9 - 761 15 9a 7,75+ 5 iof

Port Office - 7,650 2 8 1,606 12 74 - 6,893 7 1 2,372 8 24

Lifburne, Lagan 184 3 7 136 15 8 - 17 8 5 303 10 10

Dublin Port Coals 1,120 S <l\ 68 3 — 1,100 - 88 11 2|

44 Geo. III. Appendix. 781

for the Week-ending the 5th of January 1804.

STAMPS:

-lances. Acquit-taaces not paid. Former Balance Produce. Treasury Payments. Present Balance Over- drawn. Acquittances not paid. Former Balance. Produce. Payments. Present Balance Over- drawn, Acquittances not paid.

Overdra. In Charge. s Treasury. Draw- backs.

_ _ 9,430 20 1,000 34° . 1,400

7,510 2,090 35° - - - 35°

- 3,76° - - - - - - . , _ _

1,040 IO 10 - . - -

- - 10,910 50 23P - *-

• . 4,550 50 570 _ _ 57° _ *

33,24° 34° 660 - - 660 - - 20

12,500 650 60 - - - 60 - - *■ - - - _ -

32,910 5,99° - - - -. - - - 560 - - - - 560

35,070 3,210 5,880 - - 5,88*

- , 5,000 - 73° 5° . - 78O -

- - 2,910

— 16,480 5° 870 100 - - 97°

4,520 - - - - 390 - - - - 39° - _ «.

101,180

3,040 •

8,250 - IOO - - - 100

-- 11,650 - - 740 9° - - 830

2,250 $0 410 7° - 480

> - - 18,620 5^0 80 - - - 80 - - - - 10 - - 10 -

_ _ 5,280 - 6lO _ - - 610 - . 10 - 10 •»

5,210 *50 140 - - 390

3,090 20 l6o -

- 3,070 - 290 13° - - 420 *

17,97° 280 950 43° - - 1,380 - - - # - 110 - - - - 110 -

8,070 - 220 230 - - 450 - -

5,600 U39° 1,620 - - - 1,620 - - - 20 - - - - 20 -

- - 7>95° - 2,090 60 - 2,150

- 32,500 1,920 1,240 - - - - 1,240

7,620 - 300 - - - 300

- . 9,970 800 450 - - - 450

2,120 1,070 - 230 - - 230 - - 60 " - 60 -

4,640

7,120 - 920 - - - - 920 r

- - 3,640 190 150 - - - 150 - - 35°

4,120 34° 95° - 950

— 17,380 - - l6o 70 - - 230

- - 24,710 2,690 650 - - - - 650 700

12,820 - 760 140 - - 900

9,530 - 210 80 - - 290

525,450 21,730 23,330 2,160 - - 25,490 - - - - 1,170 1,170 1,090 —

LINEN MANUFACTURE:

a

0

c

JH

3

3-

m

S

a

a

8

Appendix,

(No. 6a.)

3* JuliL

3,000 2,280

3,000 ——

2,000 -—

2,000 —

6,000 4,680

3,000 —

4,000 2,050

2,000 1,000

12,000 19,430

5,000 15,850

2,000 1,050

2,000

5,000 5,no

12,000 —

10,000 —

3,000 —

2,000 —

2,000 1,110

2,000 —

2,000 3,4io

2,000 •2,420

3,000 —

, 3,000 -—

2,000

5,000 4,7io

3,000 160

5,000 —

2,000 2,590

4,000 3,°90

3,000 —-

4,000

4,000 —

2,000 2,230

2,000 1,020

3,000 —

3,000 —

5,000 —

5,000 7,250

3,000 3,920

2,000 —

2,000 3,320

IRELAND.

Year ending 5 th January 1804

Decrease.

- ^."Ho-

Quarter ending 5th January 1804 - - 32,820 Increase.

Week ending - - - D°

- - £■ 53,650 D°

Jr? Smart,

D. A. Gan.

Vol. 59.

9N

A. 1804

782

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 6 a.)

continued.

An ACCOUNT of PAYMENTS made by the Exchequer in Ireland, in the Year ending the 5 th January 1802, unde* such Heads as are chargeable on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom Distinguishing such Payments as were made fof Services prior to the lft January 1801, from such Payments as were made towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom for that Year.

Expenditure Expenditure

for Services prior to for the Year TOTAL.

the Year 1801. 1801.

£■ s. d. fk . d% £■ s. d.

Civil List - 62,423 18 — i 99,649 18 81 161,873 16 94

PENSIONS - - - - ' 45,401 3 9 68,364 7 8 113,765 11 5

OTHER PERMANENT CHARGES - 47.390 9 7 f 97,584 11 64 , 144,975 1

PAYMENTS in Anticipation (B0UNTIES - 7.423 13 5f 30,339 - 6 4 37,762 H -1

of Excheq uer Receipts ( MILITIA, &c. - - - - 15,ill 13 nf 15,111 13 nf

BANNING THE FLEET - 23, H4 6 6 J 23,144 6 6 f

ORDNANCE 324,899 15 2 324,899 15 2

ARMY 51,438 5 11 h 661,569 11 8 713,007 17 7 i

FENCIBLES H7,795 11 IO \ 591,484 3 nf 709,279 15 9 t

MILITIA 93,881 10 7 h 769,411 n 64 863,293 2

VOLUNTEER CORPS - - - 115,053 6 10 £ 173,212 1 3 288,265 8 if

ADDITIONAL PAY FOR DUBLIN DUTY - 5,893 10 10 i 3,875 17 4 f 9,769 8 3

MARCHING ALLOWANCES - 3.270 4 »i 3,270 4 11

EXTRA FORAGE - 4,271 6 6J 171,699 7 1° i 175,970 H 5

MILITARY HOSPITALS - 20,083 15 —4 20,083 15 -4

MILITARY INFIRMARY - - 549 2 8^ 1,846 15 n4 2,395 18 8

BARRACKS *3>339 15 101 315,880 15 -4 329,220 10 11

STAFF OFFICERS - - 18,705 7 — 32,848 16 11 4 51,554 3 nf

HALF-PAY OFFICERS - - - 7,180 7 7f 8,765 14 9f 15,946 2, 44

OFFICERS WIDOWS - 2,3*2 17 5 i 2,815 7 41 5,198 4 9f

ROYAL HOSPITAL - - 32,999 16 8 $ 32,999 16 8 f

PUBLIC OFFICERS - - - - - 1,528 1 10 I 4,473 9 10J 6,001 11 9

REDUCED OFFICERS - - - 2,213 18 7; 1,111 7 10 J 3,325 6 5 1

ARMY EXTRAORDINARIES - - - 74,072 7 7 ‘ 279,120 13 6 4 353,193 L i|

MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES - - 116,967 5 2 4 442,841 17 8 4 559,809 2 «if

Total v 787,712 1 6± 4,176,405 3 64 4,964,117 5 if

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Cattle, 30th April 1803.

G. Cavend

It cannot be ascertained whether any Payments were made for Ordnance Service prior to lft January 1801.

44 Geo. III. Appendix*

' ' 1 - - Appendix;

(No. 63.)

Mdrt'tSy 3* die Jnlii, 1804. 3* Juiii.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committed of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Way* and Means for railing

the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House.

tlESOLV'Et), That the several and respective Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Duties and Allowances following b» raised, levied, collected; and paid in lien thereof;

that is to say:

SCHEDULE (A.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Document, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Articles or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order tb his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney, in uriiunce of the Laws now in force, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Weftnnniter

Articles or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to lerve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Great Seliions in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in any Court of Record in England bolding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to Forty Shillings, or upwards, not being in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster -

Alignment of such Articles or Contract, or New Articles or Contract, lor the hefidi:e of a Term occassioned by the Death of any former Mailer -

Admittance of, or Instrument for admitting, any 4Tt°r~ ney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer, in any Court whatsoever in England

Special Exemptions.

Annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of £. 10 per annum in Salaries, Fees, or other Perquisites.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled, to be an Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, Counties Palatine of Che ster, Lancaster, Durham, or Great Sessions in Wales, not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as Solicitor in any Court or Courts of Equity.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled, to be a Solicitor in any Court of Equity, not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as. Solicitor in any other Court of Equity.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled, as Solicitor in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Equity at Westminster, not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as Attorney of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster.

Certificate to be taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, previous to his commencing or defending any Suit, or Prosecution, of his AdmilTion, inrollment, or Register, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecelefi-altical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great SetTions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court in Great Britain holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage-doth'amount to 405. or more, who shall relide in any of the Inns of Court, or in the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Twopenny Pott, or within the City and Shire of Edinburgh ----- yearly

Certificate to be in like manner taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, who shall relide in any other part of Great Britain, out of the limits above-mentioned - - yearly

Special Exemptions.

Every Officer, or Clerk, of any of the said Courts, who is now, or at any time shall be, charged with the payment of Land Tax, in respect of his Office or Appointment in such Court, for or by reason of his being Employed in thecondud, care, or management, of any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding therein, relating to, or concerning the Bulimfs of his Office or Appointment only, and wherein such Oljjcer, or Clerk, shall not be also retained or em-

55 o o

1 10 o

20 o o

England.

£■ «• d

110 o o

10 o o

600

Scotland. £• '•

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

10 o o

600

ployed by the Party, or Parties, to such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in expectation of any Fee or Reward, over and above the Fee or Reward therefore due and payable to such Officer, or Clerk, in respect of his Office or Appointment in such Court.

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draltiinan in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, and every other Person, who, for his own account, and for or in expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Eli ate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, and residing in the City of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the Twopenny Poll, or City or Shire of Edinburgh - - yearly

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftsman in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, and every other Person, who, on his own account, and for or in expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, and residing in any part of Great Britain, other than the City of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the Twopenny Post, or City or Shire of Edinburgh - annually

Special Exemptions.

Serjeants at Law.

Barristers regularly admitted.

Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries, Prodors, Agents* or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates. Persons solely employed to engross or copy any Deed, Instrument, or other Proceedings, not drawn or prepat ed by themselves, and for their own account, respectively.

Public Officers drawing or preparing Official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, and in the course of their Duty.

Warrant, Mandate, Authority, Minute, or Memorandum, given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend, any Suit, or Prosecution, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage thali amount to 40 s. or more - - . -

Special Exemptions:

Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, to sue or defend, or any Memorandum, or Minute thereof, to be entered or filed, of Record in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, to be had, commenced, prole-cuted, or defended in any inferior Court, wherein the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to 40#.

Warrant, Authority, or any otlifer Document, for or in respect of any Proceedings, commenced, carried on, prosecuted, or defended, in any of the Courts aforesaid, upon any Indictment whatsoevef, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ, or Process, in the name of 4 His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or at the in-stance of His Majesty’s Attorney General, His Majesty'6 Advocate of Scotland, or any other Officer or Officers legally authorized to prosecute in His Majesty's name, or to sue for His Majesty's Interest; but these Exemption* not to extend to or include Informations in the nature of Quo Warranto, filed by His Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench, nor to Informations in any Courts

of

England.

i '• d.

Scotland.

£. t. di

10 6 o

lo

600

600

0

050

784

Appendix

A. 1804,

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

3* 7*l«»

continued.

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

of Equity, at the relation of private Persons, nor to Informations wherein any Person or Persons other than ilis Majesty, llis Heirs, or Successors, ihu.ll be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any part thereof.

Writ, Mandate, or other Process whatsoever, that iTiull jfi’ue out of or pass the Seals of any of the Courts at Welhninster, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40.9. or above, or the thing in demand is of that value -

Special Exemption.

Original Writ on which a Writ of Capias issues.

Bail-Special, or Bail Common, to be filed in any Court of Law whatsoever -

Bail Bond -

-Vide Bail Bond, or Recognizance, in Courts of Admiralty.

Assignment of Bail Bond -

Recognizance, whether entered of Record in any Court or Office or not -

Special Exemption.

Recognizance taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

Appearance made in any Action wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in -

declaration, Pita, Replication, or any other Pleadings whatsoever, in any Court of Law -

Copy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other Pleadings whatsoever, in any Court of Law

Office Copy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other Pleadings whatsoever, in any Court of Law -

And for every Folio, calculated at seventy-two Words, of which such Office Copy of any furh Declaration, Plea, Replication, or other Pleadings, shall consist, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duty of -

Record of Nisi Prius -

Postea -

Judgment, any whatsoever, which shall be signed determined by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster, who have power, or usually doth or shall lign Judgments -

Inquisition taken by or before any Sheriff of a County or his Deputy -

Writ of Error -

Writ of Certiorari -

Entry of Action in the Mayor’s and Sheriff's Courts of London, and in Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever holding Pleas, out of which no Writ, Procvfs, or Mandate, shall issue, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40 s. or above

Affidavit to be made use of in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, or in any Court of Great Sel-lions for the Counties in W ales, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Cheller, I^ancaster, or Durham -

Office Copy of any such Affidavit as la ft above-mentioned

And for every Folio calculated at seventy-two Words, each of which any such Office Copy as lall above-mentioned shall confill, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duty of -

Vide also, Affidavit to he used in Ecclesiastical Courts or Admiralty Courts.

Affidavit not to be used in any Court of Law or Equity

Special Exemptions.

Affidavits taken before any Juliice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Commissioners or Officers of any public Board * of Revenue, or before Commissioners appointed or to be appointed determined by any Act of Parliament, and authorized to take Affidavits.

England. Scotland.

£. s. £■ s.

050 —

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 2 6 —

IOO —

0 2 6

0 0 4 —

0 0 4 —

0 0 —

© 0

0100 —

0 10 0

010 0

0 10 0

1 0 0 —

100

0 td Cl —

026

026

026 —

0 2 0

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, or any other Pleading whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity -

Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, or other Pleadings whatsoever, in any such Court of Equity -

And for every Folio calculated at ninety Words, of which any such Copy as last above-mentioned shall conliit, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duly of

Interrogatories in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity -

Depositions taken by Commission in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, or County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity -

Special Exemption.

Paper Drafts of Depositions in any Court of Equity taken by virtue of any Commission before they are eng rolled.

Deposition taken (not by Commission) in the Court of Chancery, or any other Court of Equity -

Copy of any Interrogatories, or of Depositions taken, whether by Commission or not, 111 any such Court of Equity -

And for every Folio calculated at ninety W ords, each of which any such Copy of Bill, Answer, Piea, Replication, or other Pleadings whatsoever, or Interrogatories, or Depositions, shall conliit, over and above the first Folio io calculated, a further Duty of -

Summons of any Judge of any of the Courts at Wrest-111 i idler -

Rule made in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Wellniinfier -

Order made or given in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at W'eliininster -

Order made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts at W efitminlier -

Copy of any Rule made, or Order given, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or by any Judge of any of the Courts at Weliininlter

Copy of any Record or Proceeding (not being a Rule made or Order made or given) in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Weliininlter -

And for every Folio calculated at seventy-two Words e;t'*h in Courts of Law, and ninety W ords each in Courts of Equity, of which any such Copy of Rule or Record above-mentioned shall conlili, over and above the first Folios lb respectively calculated, a further Duty of ——

Decree made by or in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Westminster, of Great Selfion3 in W ales, or Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Lancalier, or Courts of the Counties Palatine of C’belter or Durham -

Difinitfion made by or in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at W’efumnfter, of Great Seffons in W ales, or Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of I.uncalkr, or Courts of the Counties Palatine of Cheller or Durham -

Specification in respect of a Patent for any Discov»«y or Invention whate\er -

Libel exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Allegation exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Deposition exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Copy of Libel, Allegation, or Deposition, exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court -

And for every Folio calculate d at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy as lull-mentioned shall conliit, over and above the first Folio thereof so calculated, a further Duty of -

Monition or Citation made by, or issued out of, any Ec-clcfialhcal Court ——

Copy of any such Monition or Citation made by, oritTued out of, any Ecclesiastical Court -

Answer exhibited in any Fecleliaflijcal Court

England.

£' A

05b

O O A

OO4

050

O5O

OO4

004

OO4

OlO 0 2 6

o 2 0

026

026

02©

020

016

016

500

050

050

050

050

Scotland.

£. •. d.

4 *9

O 5 c

0 5 c

0 5 c

0 5 (

44 Geo. III.

Appendix*

7.85

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties. England. Scotland.

£. s. d. i s. d.

Sentence exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court 050

Final Decree exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court Copy of any Sentence, or final Decree, or Answer, exhibited in. any Ecclesiastical Court - - - - And for every Folio calculated at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy as last above-mentioned shall consist, over and above the firli Folio so cal- 050 —

050

culated, a further Duty of 0 >© 0 —

Commission iiluing out of any Ecclesiastical Court - 050 —

Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court -Copy of any Inventory* exhibited in any Ecclesiastical 050

Court ----- And for every Folio calculated at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy as last above-mentioned shall consist, over and above the first Folio so cal- 0 1r> O

cul*ted, a further Duty of Certificate or Testimonial of having taken or received O in O

the Holy Sacrament ----- 050 '

Licence for Marriage ----- 10 0 —

Certificate of Marriage ----- Special Exemption: Certificate of the Marriage of any Common Seaman or^Soldier. Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Mailer of the Faculties for the time 050

being - -- -Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury or the 30 0 0

Matter of the Faculties for the time being Matriculation in either of the two Universities in Eng- 30 © 0

femd - -- -- "Begifier or Entry of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities in England, other than the Degree 1 0 6

of Batchelor of Arts ----- Certificate of Testimcmial of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities in England, other than the De- 10 a 0

gree of Batchelor of Arts -Hegifter or Entry of the Decree of Batchelor of Arts 10 © 0

taken in either of the two Universities in England Certificate or Teltimonial of the Degree of Batchelor of Arts taken in either of the two Universities in Eng- 400 I

land ----- Presentation or Donation of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly value of Ten Pounds, or 0 c

above, in the King’s Books - Presentation or Donation of or to any Benefice, Dignity, err Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, under the yearly value of 'Fen Pounds in the King's *5 O 0 0

Books - -- -- Collation which shall be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly value of £. 10. or above, in the 10 0 0

lungs Books Collation which shall be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, under the 0 0 0

yearly value of £. 10 in the King's Books Faftitotion or Licence which shall pass the Sea! of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, Or of any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever in Eng- 10 © 0

land Special Exemption. licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesi-afticai Court whatever in England. a 0 0

Copy of, or Extract from, any Will - - - And for every Folio, calculated at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy of, or Extract from, any Will, shall consist, over and above ihe first Folio so 010

calculated, a further Duty of Vot. 59. 01© 1

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Attested Copy of a Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration -

And for every ten common Law Sheets (calculated at ninety Words to each Sheet) of which any such Copy shall confilt, over and above twenty such coknmon Law Sheets, a further Duty of -

Appeal from any Court of Admiralty, Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York

Libel or Allegation exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Inventory exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Deposition in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Copy of any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory, exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

And for every Folio calculated at nihety Words each, of which any such Copy as Lilt above-mentioned * shall consist, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duty of

Bail Bond or Recognizance taken in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports holding Admiralty Jurisdiction -

Vide Bail Bonds in general.

Affidavit taken in or to be exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court or Courts Of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Vide Affidavit in general.

Vide also Affidavit to be used in Courts of Law.

Copy of any Affidavit taken in or exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court or Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

And for every Folib calculated at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy as last above-mentioned, shall consist, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duty of

Warrant by or issued out bf any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports -

fetation or Monition exhibited in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports ——

Answer taken or exhibited in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports -

Decree Personal, or Interlocutory Decree having the force and effect of a Definitive Sentence in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports -

Copy of any such Warrant, Citation, Monition, Answer, Personal Decree, or Interlocutory Decree, in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports -

And for every Folio calculated at ninety Words each, of which any such Copy as lait above-mentioned shall consist, over and above the first Folio so calculated, a further Duty of ——

Sentence exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Final Decree exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Porta ——

Copy of any such Sentence or Final Decree as above-mentioned, exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports -

Sentence given in the Courts of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction

Attachment made out of any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction -

Relaxation of any Attachment made out of any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction -

Writ of Appeal

Letters of Mart or Marque and Reprisal -

Deed, or other Instrument of Conveyance, Surrender, Ltafe, Release, Grant, Appointment, Confirmation, Assignment, Transfer, Covenant, or any other Deed or Obligatory Instrument whatever (not otherwise charged in this Schedule) which may or shall be enrolled or registered, or not, upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets, calculated at Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Deed or Instrument as above-mentioned, together

9O

England.

£- s. d, o i o

o i o

*20 b o

0 5 o

050

050

050

050

1 *> o

050

O, 5 o

0 $ o

1 © o

100 050

100

050

050

a 50

050

050 1 10 © 1 10 o

1 10 o 100

Appendii*, __________ (No. 63.)

Scotland. 3°

£ s d. continued.

16 o 6

04b

04a

040

0 4 6

046

190

04a

04©

o 40

0 15 6 o 15 o 040

o 15 o

040

040

04©

640

10©

to©

1 O O

786

Appendix.

4. 1804

Appendix, (No. 63.) . 3* Julii>

continued.

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall conlift -

And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at Seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Deed or other Instrument afoietaid, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confill, over and above the first Fifteen such common Law Sheets, a further Duty of -

Vide Indentures of Apprenticeship.

Vide also Agreement under Hand onlyv

Vide also Award.

Vide also Lease.

Copy purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any such Deed, or other Jntfniment, last above-mentioned, including every such Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, or any Part thereof, made or to be made for the Security or Use of any Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to the fame Deed or other Instrument, and not having the Custody of the Original Deed or other instrument, or of any Counter Part or Duplicate thereof, or where such Copy shall be made in lieu of such Original Deed, or other Instrument, upon any Number of Words not amounting to Twenty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which such Copy shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of Ten common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Copy shall conlift over and above the first Ten such common Law Sheets, a further Duty of ——

Copy purporting to be a true Copy of any such Deed or other Instrument, including every such Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person or Persons, other than any or either of the Parties to the fame Deed or other Instrument, not haying the Custody of such Original Deed or other Instrument, or any Duplicate, or Part thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of any such Original Deed, or other Instrument, upon any Number of Words not amounting to Twenty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Copy shall conlift ——

And for every entire Quantity of Ten common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Copy shall consist, over and above the first Ten such common Law Sheets, a further Duty of -

Certificate of Commissioners used upon the Sale or Alienation of Fee Farm or other Rents, of Woods, Forests, or I^ands belonging to the Crown, where the Consideration Money shall exceed £.10

Special Exemption.

Certificates of such Commissioners, where the Consideration Money shall not exceed £. 10.

Surrender of Copyhold Land or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements, in England, under the Value of 20^. per annum -

Special Exemptions.

Original Surrender to the Use of a Will.

Court Roll, or Court Book, wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled.

Surrender of any Copyhold land or Tenement, or I^ands or Tenements, in England, above the Value of 20s. per annum - -

Special Exemptions.

Original Surrender to the Use of a Will.

Court Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the . Court are entered or inrolled.

Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements, in England, under the Value of 2oa. per Annum -

k-

1 10

England, pcotland.

Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements, in England, above the Value of 20s. per Annum -

Copy of any Surrender of. and Admittance to, any Custom Right, or Tenant Right Eft ate, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of 20*. and not being Copyhold,

d.

0 19 0

IOO

O 15

O 15

I o

1 10 o

050

o 15 o

050

O 15

0 19 o

0 15

° *5

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pals by Deed in England ——

England.

Scotland.

\£- 4c. <L

Copy of any Surrender of, or Admittance to, Custom Right or Tenant Right ^state, exceeding the clear yearly Value of 20s. and not being Copyhold, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass by Deed, in England -

Grant or Lease, by Copy of Court Roll, of any Honour or Manor in England, of any Land or Tenement under the Value of 20*. per Annum -

Grant or Lease, by Copy of Court Roll, of any Honour or Manor in England, of any Land or Tenement above the Value of 20$. per Annum -

Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor in England, of any Proceedings had at one and the fame Court, in relation to any Land or Tenement under the Value of 20*. per Annum ——

Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor in

England, of any Proceedings had at one and the fame Court, iii relation to any Land or Tenement above the Value of 20*. per Annum -

Deed, or other Instrument, by way of Mortgage, or Instrument or Covenant to Surrender, or Copy of Court Roll of Conditional Surrender, by way of Mortgage, for the Security of any Sum of Money lent on any Property whatsoever, whether real or personal, and of whatever Tenure or Description, not exceeding

£-'°°- ......

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 100, , and shall not exceed £. 300 -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 300, and shall not exceed £. 500 - -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 500, and shall not exceed £. 1,000 -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 1,000 and shall not exceed £. 2,000 -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 2,000 and shall not exceed £. 3,000 -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 3,000, and shall not exceed £, 4,000 - -

'Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 4,000, and shall not exceed £.5,000 -

Where the Sum of Money lent flia.ll exceed £. 5,000, and shall not exceed £. 10,000 -

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £.10,000, and shall not exceed £. 15,000

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £.15,000, and shall not exceed £. 20,000

Where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £.20,000

The said several and respective Duties on such last mentioned Deeds, or other Instruments (other than and except any Instrument, Covenant, or Copy, relating to Copyhold Lands or Tenements) to be payable and paid for and in respect of any Number of Words therein, not amounting ta Thirty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet of which any such Deed or other lnftrament, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist.

And for every Fifteen common Law Sheets calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Jaft-mentioned Deed or other Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first Fifteen such common Law Sheets) a further Duty of -

Bond, commonly called Mortgage Bond, or Bond given as a Collateral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage -

Deed or other Instrument of Transfer or Alignment of any Mortgage for the Security of any Sum of Mouey lent on any Property whatsoever, where the Mortgagor, or his Real or Personal Representatives or Assigns, are not made Parties to the Transfer or Assignment, for any Number of Words therein, not amounting to

o »5 o

050

° 15 o

050

0 *5 o

1 io 4

.2 o

300

400

500

600

o 01

800]

10 o 01

12 O 6\

15 o [20 0

O Oj

O O

e

44 Geo. III. Appendix; 787

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Thirty Common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Deed or other Instrument as last mentioned shall conlift -And for every entire (Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Deed or other Instrument lait above-mentioned, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the lirft Fifteen such coinmQn Law Sheets) a further Duty of ^Vrit of Covenant for le.vying any Fine -Writ of Entry for laffering a common Recovery -Exemplification, of what nature soever, that shall pafsthe Seal of any Cotirt whatsoever -Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in England, and whether the same shall or shall not be inrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of, any Court, upon any Number of Words therein, not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Award shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Award, together with any Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorlcd thereon br annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above toe first Fifteen common Law Sheets) a further Duty of Charter Pai tv. Memorandum for Charter Party, or any other Instrument, Note, letter, or other Muniment or W riting between the Captain, M after, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader, or other Person, in respect to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, laden or to be laden on board any such Ship or Vessel, upon any Number of Words therein, not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheet9, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which the lame shall consist -And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Charter Party, Memorandum for Charter Party, or any other Instrument, Note, Letter, or other Muniment or Writing last above-mentioned, together with any Schedule, Receipt, fnl'trument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first Fifteen common Laws Sheets) a further Duty of -Lease of Lands or Tenements, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-one years, when the full improved Annual Value thereof, and Rent reserved thereby, shall not be more than £. 10. or Lease for a Life or Lives, or for years determinable on a Life or Lives, where the Fine or Consideration shall not exceed £. 20, and the reserved Rent shall not exceed 40.?. upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Lease shall consist -And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two. Words to each Sheet) of which any such Lease, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first Fifteen common Law Sheets) a further Duty of Agreement made in England,under Hand only, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of £. 20. or upwards, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Agreement shall consist -

And for every entire Quautity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at Feventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Agreement, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall conlift, over and above the first Fifteen common Law Sheets, a further Duty of ——

Special Exemptions.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance, or London Assurance, or the Corporations of the Ro3ral Exchange Assurance of Houses, and Goods from Fire, and London Afibrances of Hoiifes and Goods from Fire. * "

•Memorandum, or Agreement, for any Lease at Rack Rent, of any Messuage under the yearly Value of £. 5 Memorandum, or Agreement, for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer, or Menial Servant,

England.

£. s. d.

1 10 o

i 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

1 10 o

100

1 10 o

100

o o

100

o 16 o

o 16 o

Scotland.

£• s- d-

19 0

o 19 o

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for, or relating to, the Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes.

Memorandum, or Agreement, made between Mailer and Mariners of any Coasting Vessel, for Wages.

Letter, or Letters, containing an Agreement in respect of any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pals by the Poll between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, and residing, and actually being, at the lime of fending such Letters, at the Distance of Fifty Miles from each other.

Vide Deed, Indenture, &c.

Memorial for the Register of Deeds, or other Instruments, in the Register Office of Register Counties in England Copy of, or Extrail from, any Register kept in any Register Office of any Register County in England -Memorial for registering any Original Deed, or other In-llrument, by which any Annuity shall be granted - -

Bond of any kind whatsoever (not otherwise charged in this Schedule, or wholly exempted from Duty) upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Bond shall consist -And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Bond, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist, over and above the first Fifteen common Law Sheets, a further Duty of -

Exemptions from all Stamp Duties.

Assurance Corporation Bonds.

Bond by Treasurers or Trustees of Friendly Societies to the Clerks of the Peace.

Bond given, taken, or entered into, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, made, or to be made, for or in respect of the Duties and Revenues of Customs or Excile, or of any Matter or Thing relating to those Duties or Revenues -

Special Exemptions from all Stamp Duties. Bonds given by Fiffi Takers, or Curers, or by the Mailer or Owner of any Boat, Ship, or Vessel, employed in the British Fisheries, or in the Exportation or Conveyance of Fifti, or for Salt to be used or employed in curing or preferring Fifti, or to prevent the Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, or Worded made of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof, or for the Exportation of Tobacco from the King’s Warehouse, or Bond commonly called or known determined by the Name of Coast Bonds, or Bond to prevent the Exportation of Fuller's Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, entered into pursuant to any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Bond given as Security for any Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 100. -

Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding, £. 100, and not exceeding £. 300 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 300, and not exceeding £. 500 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 500, and not exceeding £. 1,000 -Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 1,000, and not exceeding £. 2,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 2,000, and not exceeding £. 3,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £• 3,0O°, and not exceeding £.4,oooo Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 4,000, and not exceeding £. 5,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 5,000, and not exceeding £. 10,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 10,000, and not exceeding £. 15,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 15,000, and not exceeding £. 20,000 Given as Security for any Sum of Money exceeding £. 20,000 -

Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the Sum or Value given, paid, or contracted for, with, or in relation to, such Apprentice, shall not exceed £. 10 -

Where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, shall- exceed £. 10, and not exceed

£•20 ......

Where the Sum or Value given, paid, or contracted for, shall exceed £. 20, and not exceed £. 50 Where the Sum or Value given, paid, or contracted for, shall exceed £. 50, and not exceed £.100 -

Where the Sura or Value given, paid, or contracted for, shall exceed £. 100, and not exceed 300

£. m. d.

o 10 o o,5 o 100

100

o 15 0

O 15

England. Scotland. Julii

C. S. dm continued.

o 19 o

o 14 ©

o 14 o

1 0 0 6 19 O

1 10 0 I 9 0

2 0 0 1 19 0

3 0 0 2 19 0

4 0 0 3 19 0

5 0 0 4 19 0

6 0 0 5 19 0

7 0 0 6 19 0

9 0 0 8 19 0

12 0 0 U 19 0

15 0 0 H »9 0

20 0 0 l9 19 0

0 15 0 0 14 0

1 10 0 1 9 0

2 10 0 2 9 0

5 . 0 0 +19 0

12 0 0 11 *9 0

Appendix, (No. 63.) 3* Ju

continued.

788 ' Appendix. A. 1804*.

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain-^confmi/ed.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

\Vhere the Suip or Value given, paid, or contracted lor, shall exceed £. 300 -

, Special Exemption.

Indenture for binding poor Parish Children Apprentices, or other Children by any Public Charity.

Alignment of Indenture of Apprenticeship (except of poor Parish Children, or other Children by any Public Charity) -

Passport ——

Bill or Note of Lading for any Goods or Merchandizes to be exported -

Protest ——

Notarial Act, any whatsoever -Debenture or Certificate for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the Shippings Re-ftiipping, or Exporting any Goods or Merchandizes which shall be exported, or be shipped to be exported, from Great Britain for any Parts beyond the Seas -Procuration -

Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which any such Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen common Law Sheets, calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, of which-any such Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney shall consist, over and above the first Fifteen common Law Sheets, a further Duty of -Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, given by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine -

Statute Staple ——

Statute Merchant -

Transfer of Bank or South Sea Stock -

Special Exemptions.

Transfer of Stock in Government Funds.

Vide Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation.

Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation whatever, (not being Bank or South-Sea Stock, or Stock in Government Funds) where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall not exceed

£ .100 - ......

Of the like §tock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £.100, and not exceed

£ -*oo ...... -

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £, *200, and not exceed £.300

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £. 300, and not exceed

£•400 ......

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £. 400, and not exceed

£‘5o ......

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £. 500, and not exceed

£ Loooo ......

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall be £, 1,000, and not exceed £.2,000 - -

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred exceed £.2,000, and not exceed £.3,000 -

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred exceed £. 3,000, and not exceed £.4,000 - ’ - - ...

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to he transferred exceed £. 4,000, und not exceed

£• 5/>oo ......

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to he transferred exceed £.5,000, and not exceed

£. 10,000 ......

Of the like Stock, where the Amount of the Stock to be transferred shall exceed £. 10,000 -Policy of A durance, or Insurance, or any Writings commonly so called, for insuring any Events on Contingencies, relative to a Life or Lives, where the Sum specified therein, or allured thereby, shall not exceed

£:'<*> ......

V\ here the Sum so insured shall exceed £. 100, and not exceed £. 200 - - ..

Where the Sum so insured shall exceed £. 200, and not

exceed £. 300 ......

Win re the Sum so insured shall exceed t. 300, and not

exceed £. 500

Where the Sum so insured shall exceed £. 500, and not exceed £, 1,000 ......

20 o x>

England.

*9 '9

o 15 o 03°

3 0 5 o 5 o

040

100

o o

1 o o o

o' o 7 9

1 10 200

2 10 o

3 o

3

5 o 7 >o 10 o 12 10 o *5 o

17 10 20 o

o 10

0 15

1 o

1 5

2 o

Scotland.

o 14

o 3 o 3 o 3

o 4 o 19

o 19

o 19

o 1

o 19 O 19

1 9

1 19

2 9

2 19

3 9

4 19 7 9 9 19

12 9

H 19

»7 9 19 19

° 9 o 14

0 19

* 4

1 19

Schedule (A.)—-Stamp Duties.

Where the Sum so insured shall exceed £. 1,000, and not exceed £. 2,000 -

Where the Sum so insured shall exceed £. 2,000 and not exceed £. 3,000 ----- r

Where the Sum lb insured shall exceed £. 3,000, and not exceed £. 4,000 ——

Where the Sum lo insured shall exceed £. 4,000, and not exceed £. 5,000 Where the Sum so iniured shall exceed £. 5,000 Policy of Assurance, or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from Lufs by Fire ——

Vide Annual Di?ty on Fire Insurances, Schedule (B.) Policy of Assurance, or Instrumentor any Writing commonly so called, for insuring any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances hiay be lawfully made for 'tiny Voyage to or from any Part or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the 1 Hands of Guernsey, Jersey* Alderney, or Saik, or the I He of Man, or from or to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Ifie of Man, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature ot a Premium, actually and bond Jidc paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, that is to say, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds -

And progressively for every £. 100 so insured -And where the Sum insured shall not amount to £. 100 And where the Sum insured shall exceed £. 100, or any progressive Sums of £. 100 each, by any fractional part of £. 100, for such fractional part -And where the Premium, of Consideration in the nature of a Premium, actually and bond Jidc paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings, that is to lay:

Where the Sum to be insured shall amount to£. 100

And progressively for every £. 100 so insured

And where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to

£.100- - - - ......

And where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed £• 100, or any progressive Sums of £. 100 each, by any fractional part of £. 100, for such fractional part -

Policy of Assurance, or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or interefi whereon Insurances may be lawfully made, where the Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Premium, actually and boudjide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, that is to say, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to £. 100 -

And progressively for every £. 100 so insured And where the Sum insured shall not amount to £.100 ——

And where the Sum insured shall exceed £. 100, or any progressive Sums of£. 100 each, by any fractional part of £. 100, for such fractional part And where the Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Premium, actually and bondJidc paid, ' given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings, that is to say:

Where the Sum to be insured shall amount to£. 100 And progressively for every £. 100 io insured -And where the Sum to be insured shall not amount

to £.100 - ......

And where the Sum to be insured shall exceed£. too, or any progressive Sums of £. 100 each, by any fractional part of £. 100, for such fractional part

Commission or Deputation given, granted, or issued, by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise for the time being -

Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company in the Court Book Roll, or Record of any such Corporation or Company Admittance of, or lnflrument for admitting, any Fellow of the College of Physicians in England -

Admission into any of the Four Inns of Court, or other Inn of Court or Chancery ——

Register or Entry of any Degree in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery -

Warrant or Order Beneficial under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, for the Navy, Army, or Ordnance , - - - " -

Warrant or Order Beneficial (other than as last above mentioned) under the Sign Manual of Jiis M^jessy,

his Heirs, or Successors ......

Grant f$om His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding £. 100, which shall pals the Great $eal or Privy Seal

England. J Scotland.

£ *.

3

4 o

5 o

6 o

7

a i

o 1 o t

o 1

o 2

0 2 6

O 2 O 2

0 2 6

0 2 6

O 5 O 5

0 5

1 10

1 o

20 o 20 o

50 O

o 12 6

I to o

£ *- A

2 19 o

3 *9 Q

4 19 o

5 19 o

0 19 o

o t o

O 13 o 1 3

013

o t 3

026 o 2 §

026

026

oat

026

026

026

050 o 5.0

050

050

19 o o 19 Q

0 12 6

1 5 o 16 O On o 0

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

789

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Great Britain—ca/zriziM d.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Special Exemption.

Any such Grant which shall pass the Privy Seal not directed to the Great Seal.

Grant of any Office or Employment which shall exceed the Value of £. 50 per annum, and shall not exceed £. too per annum -

Grant of any Office or Employment which shall exceed the Value of £. 100 per annum, calculated 011 the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisites appertaining to such Office or Employment -

Grant under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Eranclnfe, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate -

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lan-caffer, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Perl'ons, Bodies Politic or Corporate -

Exemplification of any such Grant, or Letters Patent, as ial’t above-mentioned - ‘

Special Exemptions.

Commissions of Rebellion in Process.

Briefs, or Letters Patent for collecting Charitable Benevolences.

Grant of Lands in Fee, or Lease for Years, or Grant of other Profit, that shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Privy Seai ——

Special Exemptions.

Any such Grant as last above-mentioned which shall pass the Privy Seal directed to the Great Seal.

Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance of any Fee Farm or other Rems, of the Duchy of Lancaster, where the Confide ration Money shall not exceed £. 10.

licence granted by any Just ice or Justices of the Peace, or other Mau ill rate or Magistrates, for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail - yearly

Special Exemptions.

For Licences granted to Persons duly licensed by the Chancellors or Vice-Chancellors of the Two Uui-verlities in England, or by either of them.

For Licences granted to any Person who shall he a Mailer, Warden, Freeman, or one of the Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, admitted to his Freedom by right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship only.

For Licences granted to any Person to keep either of the three Wine Taverns within the Borough uf St. Alban’s, in the County of Hertford, li-ceiifed by the Mayor and Bitrgclics thereof, according to the tenor of certain Letters Patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the E11 It, for and towards the Maintenance of a Tree School there.

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Twopenny Pod, any Hats commonly calFd or known by the name of Felt or Wool, Sturt'or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever name such Hats shall be called or diltin-guished - - yearly

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail any Hats commonly called or known by the name of Felt or Wool, Stuft’, or Beaver llats, or any Leather or Japanned Flats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Leaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Sub-Hances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Sub-dance or Substances, determined by whatever name such Hats shall be called or distinguished, m any other place than as lad above mentioned - - - - yearly

Licence to be taken out by the Owner, Proprietor, Maker, and Compounder, of and determined by every Person in Great Britain, uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Eliences, Tindurcs, Powders, or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in anvwife affecting, the Human Body, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures, with any Contents subject to the Duties by this Act, granted on

VOL. 59.

England.

Scotland.

d.

8 0 0

*20

•20

20 O

20

20

2 2

f, *. d.

4

16

16

16

16 o

16

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

certain Medicines within the Cities of London or Weft-liiinster, or within the limits of the Twopenny Port, or within the City of Edinburgh - each Licence, yearly For each such Licence in any other City or Borough, or in any Town Corporate, or in the Towns of Manchcl’ter, Birmingham, or Sheffield - yearly For each such Licence in any oilier Part of Great Britain ----- yearly

Licence for using and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker within the Cities of London and Weff-minl'ter, or within the limits of the Twopenny Puff,

yearly

Licence for tiling and exercising the Trade and Bulinds of a Pawnbroker, in any Part of Great Britain without the Limits last above-mentioned - - yearly

Special Exemptions.

Persons who shall lend Money upon Pawn or Pledge, at or under the Rate of £. 5 pei-centum per annum Interest, without taking any further or greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Licence to any Person or Persons who shall publicly or privately, within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within Twenty Miles of either of the said Cities, set up, exercise, or keep, by himself or herself, or any other Person or Persons, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets, in any Lottery which is or shall he authorized by any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, or who shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting-up or using any such Office ----- yearly

Licence to any Person or Persons who shall publicly or privately, in any Part of the United Kingdom, not being within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the said Cities, open, set up, exercise, or keep, by himself or herlelf, or any other Person or Persons, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets, in any Lottery which is or shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, or who shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting-up or using , any such Office, in case such Person or Persons shall not have taken out or paid the Duty of £. 50 for a Licence for the said purpose in some other Part of the United Kingdom ----- yearly

Licence to any Person or Persons for the like Purposes in any Part of the United Kingdom, not being within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the said Cities, who shall have taken out and paid the Duty of £. 50 for a Licence for the said Purposes in some other Part of the United Kingdom ----- yearly

Licence to be taken out by every Postmaster or other Person in Great Britain who shall let to Hire any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the purpose of travelling 1*011 by the Mile, or liom Stage to Stage, or who (being a Person usually letting llorles to Hire) shall let to Hire for a Day, or any less period of time than twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for diawing any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or otherwise, by whatsoever name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known - - . - yearly

Licence to be taken out by every Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Name, soever the fame now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a public Stage Coach or Carriage for the purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, for each such Carriage which shall he kept or employed for earrying at one time not more than four Inlide Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) - - - - yearly

To he taken out in like manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than four, but not more than fix Inlide Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for each such Carriage - - yearly

To be taken out in like manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purposes aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for currying at one time more than fix, but not more than eight Inlide Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for each such Carnage - yeaily To be taken out in like manner by every Pei foil who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying, at one time, more than eight, but not more than Ten, Inlide Passengers (Children in Lip excepted) for each Carriage * yejiyly

£• s- d-

10

50 0 o 50

England.

Scotland.

o to o

Appendix, (No. 63.) 3° Jutt*

continued,

o 10

50 O O 50

10 O O 10 Q

7 Q

8

790

Appendix.

A.. 1804.

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

f JulU,

continued.

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps of Great Britain—con/i/ij/cd.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Tb be taken out in like manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying, at one time, more than Ten inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for each such Carriage ----- yearly Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, of Half a Sheet or less Double Demy, or of One Sheet Single Demy (the Half Sheet Double Demy, or whole Sheet Single Demy, not exceeding Thirty-two Inches in Length, and Twenty-two Inches in Breadth) - - for avery such Paper

For every Half Sheet of which such Newspaptr as before mentioned shall consist, over and above One Half Sheet Double Demy, or One Whole Sheet Single Demy, of the respective Size* of Dimensions above mentioned -

Special Exemptions.

Proclamations.

Orders of Council - O

Forms of Prayer - -f Ordered by His Majesty, Forms of Thanksgiving - f His Heirs, or Succefl’ors. Acts of State - - - - j Acts of Parliament.

Printed Votes, or other Matters, ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament.

Single Advertisement printed by itself.

Daily Accounts, or Bills A Such Bills, or Accounts, of Goods imported and / containing no other Mat-exported - - - -> ters than what have been

Accounts of the Weekly I usually comprized there-Bills of Mortality - -J in.

Vide Advertisement, Schedule (B.)

Pamphlets, or Books, or Papers, commonly so called, contained in Haifa Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, printed in Great Britain - , - each copy

Pamphlets, or Books, or Papers commonly so called (being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding One Whole Sheet) printed in Great Britain - each

copy

Special Exemptions.

Acts of Parliament.

Proclamations - - - - Ordered to be printed Orders of Council - - - - f by His Majesty,

Forms of Prayer and Thanks- f His Heirs, or Suc-giving - j cefl'ors.

Acts of State.

Printed Votes, or other Matters by Order of either House of Parliament.

Books commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain. Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety. Vide Larger Pamphlets. Schedule (B.)

Almanack or Calendar for anytime not exceeding one year Almanack or Calendar for several years;

For each and every Year for which such Almanack or Calendar shall be made, published, or intended -Almanack, or Calendar perpetual ——

* Special Exemptions.

Calendar or Perpetual Almanack, contained in any Bible or Common Prayer Book.

Book or Pamphlet, serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar - - for any time not exceeding a year

Book or Pamphlet, serving for the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar for several Years;

For each and every Year for which such Almanack or Calendar shall he made, published, or intended -Book or Pamphlet, serving the Purpose of a perpetual Almanack or Calendar -

Special Exemptions.

Bibles and Common Prayer Books containing a Calendar #r Perpetual Almanack.

Promissory Note, or other Note, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand (which may, within three years after the Date thereof, but not at a later Period, be re-issued, from time to time, after Payment, at any place) where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed One Pound and One Shilling -

For the like Payment, and reifluable within the like period, and in like manner, where the Sum shall exceed One Pound and One Shilling, and shall not exceed Two Pounds and Two Shillings For the like Payment, and reifluable within the like period, and in like manner, where the Sum shall exceed Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings

® 0 ai°

003

o o oj

England.

o 9

o o

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 10 0 0 10 0

o 1

o 1 o 10

o o

o o

009

Scotland.

9 o

3)

O 3l

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

o oj

010

o I

o 10 o

003

006

009

For the like Payment, and reifluable within the like period, and in like manner, where the Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Twenty Pounds -Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, or Promissory, or other Note, for the Payment of Money on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 5. 5 $. and not exceed £.30 For the like Payment where such Sum shall exceed £. 30, and not exceed £. 50 For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £.50, and not exceed £. i 00 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 100, and not exceed £.200 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 200, and not exceed £. 500 - For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £.500, and not exceed £. 1,000 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 1,000 ——

Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Proniiilory or other Note, payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to 40 s. and shall not exceed

X-5-5*- ......

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 5. 5 s. and not exceed£. 30 - -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed /. 30, and not exceed £. 50 For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 50, and not exceed £. 100 - For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 100, and not exceed £. 200 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 200, and not exceed £. 500 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed £. 500, and not exceed £. 1,000 -

For the like Payment, where such Sum shall exceed

£. 1,000 ...... -

Foreign Bill of Exchange which shall be drawn in Sets, according to the Custom of Merchants, where the Sum expressed in such Bill, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed £. 100, for each and every Bill in each Set ——

So drawn in Sets, where such Sum shall exceed £. 100, and not exceed £.200, for each and every Bill in each Set -So drawn in Sets, where such Sum shall exceed £. 200, and not exceed £.500, for each and every bill in each Set -

So drawn in Sets, where such Sum shall exceed £. 500, and not exceed £.1,000, for each and every Bill in each Set r So drawn in Sets, where such Sum shall exceed £.1,000, for each and every Bill in each Set

£. d.

o 1

England.

Scotland.

o o o 1

0 3 o 4

° 5 o 7 o 10

o 1 o 1

° 3 0 4

° 5 o 7 o 10

o 1 0 2 0 3

0 4 0 5

Conditional Exemption.

Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes and Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, exempted on condition of the said Governor and Company paying yearly £. 32,000.

Special Exemptions.

Drafts and Orders for the Payment of Money to Bearer on Demand, upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker, and residing, or transacting the business of a Banker, within ten Miles of the place at which such Draft or Order shall be drawn or given, and which Place shall be expressed in or upon such Draft or Order.

Bill, Remittance Bill, Certificate, and all other Bills of what nature or description lbever, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Mailers, or Surgeons, in the j Navy, for Wages or Pay, or by the Commissioners r of llis Maj city's Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling llis Majesty’s Navy, or by the Commissioners for taking care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon and payable by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to £.2, and not amounting to £. 10 - - o

Amounting to £. 10, and not amounting to £.20 - o

Amounting to £. 20, and not amounting to £. 50-0 Amounting to £. 50, and not amounting to £. loo - o Amounting to £. 100, and not amounting to £ 200. o Amounting to £.200, and not amounting to £. 500 o Amounting to £. 500 and upwards - - o

£. *. d.

o 1 a

008 1 6

« 2. a 030 040 050 076 o 10 o

3 I D Ol6

0 2 0 0 3 0 040 0 5 0 076 o 10 o

010

0 2 0

0 3 0

> 4 a

050

2

4

8

o

o

o

Q

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

791

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps of Great Britain—continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing, whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain or exprel's, or in any manner signity or denote, any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full, or in discharge or satis-tattion of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the lame shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whole Behalf the same shall be given

Exemptions.

Receipt or Discharge to be given by the Treafufer of the Navy for any Money imprelled to or received by him for the Serv ice of the Navy.

Receipt or Discharge of any Agent for Money imprested by or to him on Account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipt or Discharge to be given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Uepresentatives respectively, for or on Account of any Wages, Pay, or Pension, due to them, lor the Army, Navy, or Ordnance Offices, respectively.

Receipt or Discharge to be given for the consideration of the purchase of any Share in any Public Stock or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East India Company, or South-Sea Company, or for the Dividends paid or payable on such Shares of the said Stocks.

Receipt or Discharge given for Money deposited in the Banks of England or Scotland, or in the House of any Banker or Bankers.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, written on the back of any Bill of Exchange, Promiftbry Note, or other Note, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or on the back of any Foreign Bill of Exchange payable in Great Britain.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance by Deed, duly and legally stamped.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given upon any Bill or Note of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Letters acknowledging the safe arrival of any Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Money.

Receipt or Discharge indmfed on, or contained in the Body of any Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other In-lirument, acknowledging the Payment or Re-payment of any part of any principal Sum, or any Interest thereupon lent, paid, or secured, in, by, or upon, such Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument, duly and legally stamped.

Receipt or Discharge given, or required to be given, for any Money payable by I.aw to any Merchant, for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes from this Kingdom.

Certificates of over Entry of any Duties of CuUoms.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on any Order, Bill, Remittance Bill, or Certificate, made or drawn determined by Commissioners of the Navy, or Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons in the Navy, for Wages or Pay.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on any Bill or Bills drawn in pursuance to, or in the execution of the Powers and Authorities of any Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of Mis Majesty’s Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, or by the Commissioners for taking care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon, and payable by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration, for any

ElTate above the Value of £.$o, and under the Value of £. loo - -

Of the Value of £. loo, and under the Value of

£.^oo ......

Of the Value of £.200, and under the Value of

£.3°° " - ......

< Of the Value of £.300, and under the Value of

£450 ...... -

Of the Value of £.450, and under the Value of

£600 ...... -

Pf the Value of £.600, and under the Value of

£8o« ......

England.

£. «. d

o 10 o

200

500

800

ii 00

1500

Scotland.'

£• «. d.

0 5

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Of the Value of £.800, and under the Value of

£• Loooo ......

Of or above the Value of £.1,000, and under

£•1,500 ......

Of or above the Value of £. 1,500, and under

£• 2,000 ......

Of or above the Value of £.2,000, and under

£• 3,5oo ......

Of or above the Value of £.3,500 and under

£•5,000 ......

Ol or above the Value of £. 5,000, and under

£.7,500 - ......

Ot or above the Value of £. 7,500, and under the Value of £. 10,000 ——

Of or above the Value of £. 10,000, and under the Value of £. 12,500 -

Of or above the Value of £. 12,500, and under the Value of £. 15,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 15,000, and under the Value of £. 17,500 -

Of or above the Value of 17,500, and under the Value of £.20,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.20,000, and under the Value of £.25,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.25,000, and under the Value of £.30,000 Of or above the Value of £. 30,000, and under the Value of £. 35,000 ——

Of or above the Value of £.35,000, and under the Value of £.40,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.40,000, and under the Value of 45,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 45,000, and under the Value of £. 50,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 50,000, and under the Value of £. 60,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 60,000, and under the Value of £. 70,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 70,000, and under the Value of £. 80,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 80,000, and under the Value of £. 90,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 90,000, and under the Value of £. 100,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.100,000, and under the Value of £. 125,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 125,000, and under the Value of £. 150,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.450,000, and under the Value of £. 175,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 175,000, and under the Value of £. 200,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.200,00®, and under the Value of £.250,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.250,000, and under the Value of £. 300,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 300,000, and under the Value of £. 350,000 -

Of or above the Value of £.350,000, and under the Value of £. 400,000 -

Of or above the Value of £. 400,000, and under the Value of £. 500,000 -

Of or above the \7alue of £. 500,000 -

Special Exemptions.

Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration of any Common Seamen, or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors.

Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of £. 20 or more, given by any Will or 'leftamentary Instrument of any Person out of his or her Personal Estate, and also upon the clear Residue, and upon every Part of the clear Residue, of the Personal Estate of every such Person, whether testate or intestate, and who shall have left, or shall leave any Personal Estate of the clear Value of £.100 or upwards which shall remain, after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges and specific and pecuniary Legacies (if any) whether the Title to such Residue, or to any Part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Dispofilion, or upon Inteftacy, where any such Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any such Personal Estate, shall be given, or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister, of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister, for every £. 100 of the Value of any such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue, and so after the fame Rate for any greater or lets Sum, payable and to be paid on the Receipt or Discharge for such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue

England.

£■ s. d.

22 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

110 0 0

135 0 0

160 0 0

135 0 0

210 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

550 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1,200 0 0

1,400 0 0

1,600 0 0

2,000 0 0

2,500 0 0

3,000 0 0

3>5°° 0 0

4,000 0 it 0

5,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

Appendix, ___— (No. 63.)

Scotland. 2° JllHi,

£■ s. d, continued.

2 10 03 10 a

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

3*

continued. V—

792 Appendix. A. 1804,

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the ConiniiflTioners of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

On the Receipt or Discharge for any such I.egacv, or ar y such Residue, or Bart of Reliduc, of any inch Per-ional Estate as above-mentioned, which shall be lb given, or shall lb pals, as aforesaid, to or for tin* Benefit of a Brother or Siln*r, of a l ather or Mother, of the Defeated, or any Delcemlant of a Brother or Siiier, of a Father or Mother, of the Defeated, for every £. 100 01 the Value of such Legacy or Residue, or part thereof, and lo after the lame Rate for any greater or let's bum On the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy, or any such Residue, or Part of Residue, of any such Personal Estate as above-mentioned, which shall be lb given, or shall so pais, as aforesaid, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister, of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, foi every £. too of the V alue of such Legacy or Residue, or Pait thereof, audio after the fame Rate for any greater or lei’s Sum -On the Receipt or Discharge for any inch Legacy, or any such Residue, or Part of Residue, of any such Personal Estate as above-mentioned which shall be so given, or shall lo pals, as aforesaid, to or for the Benefit of any Berl in in any other degree of collateral Coulanguinity lo the DeeealWl than as Stranger in Blood

of the Value of 1 IICu wi 1 v.^11’tuv., u 1 1 ai 1 muf

of, and lb alter the fame Rate for any greater or lei’s Sum -

Exemptions.

Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Refiduc, of any AVnbtial Estate which shall lie given, or llaill pal's, to or for the Benefit of the Uulband or Wife of the Deceased.

Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Personal Kltate which shall be given, or shall pals, to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Certificate to be taken out by every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or destruction of Game - yearly

Special Exemption.

The Royal Family.

Certificate issued to or taken out by any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Game-keeper (being a Menial Servant) - yearly

Special Exemptions.

Persons appointed Game-k»*epers determined by any of the Royal Family within the Forests Chafes, Parks, Warrens, or other Royalties, to them rel'pedively belonging.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

Surrender or Resignation, principal or original Instrument of, of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tythes, Mills, Fishings, and other; heretable Rights, to be made to any Superior thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates, or others, who have Power to receive such Surrenders, in Scotland -Charter or Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novo-damus, or upon Appriling or Adjudication made or granted by such Superiors, or others, as aforekfid Precept of Clare Confrat, or principal or original Retour, of any Sendee of Heirs ol or in Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject, as aforesaid -Saifme, principal or original Instrument of, taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, Retour, Apprizing, or Adjudication, of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid -

Surrender, principal or original Instrument of, or of Resignation or Service, or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter or Saifme of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure Agreement made in Scotland, where the Matter shall be of the Value of £. *20 or upwards, whcthei the lame shall be only the Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, provided such Agreement Until not contain a Clause of Registration; upon any number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets (calculated at i'eventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Agreement shall conlilt -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at l’eventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any Inch Agreement or other obligatory Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall conlift, over and above the fir It fifteen of l’uch common Law Sheets, a further Duty of -

Special Exemptions.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance, or London Ali'uranee, or the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Afl’ur-ance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and London Allurance of Houses and Goods from Fire. Memorandum or Agreement for any Leate at Rack Rent of any Meiibage under the yeaily Value of Five Pounds.

Memorandum or Agieement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer, or Menial Servant.

England.

Scotland.

L-

C s- d.

400

400

above described, or any to the Deceased, for every £. 100

050

3 3 0

Admittance, Instrument of, or any Minute, Memorandum, or Entry of Admittance, of any Member of the College of Physicians in Scotland, or of any Advocate, Clerk to the Signet, Solicitor, Procurator, Agent, or oilier Officer, in any Court whatsoever, or of any Notary Public in Scotland -

Special Exemption.

Annual Officer in any Royal Burgh, or of Regality, Corporation, or interior Court, whole Office is under the Value of £. 10 per annum, in Salary, Fees, or Perqmlites.

1600

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for, or relating to, the Sale of any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made between Master and Mariners of any Coulting Wil'd, for Wages.

Letter or Letters containing an Agreement in relpecl of any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pal's by the Post between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, and refuting and actually being, at the time of fending such Letters, at the dd'tance of listy miles from each other.

England. S coll anti.

£. s. cL (• * J-

- 0 14 0

- - 0 14

- - 0 0

0 * 0

0140

0160

* - o 1$ 0

Summons Original, or Letters, Warrants, or Orders for Service, ill'uing from or out of the Court of Session, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland -Summons Original,* or Letters, Warrants, or Orders for Service, itVuing from or out of any Court in Scotland (not being the Court of Session, or of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer) where the matter in dilpute shall exceed the Amount or Value of £. 5. -

Deposition or Depositions of a Witud’s or Witnesses, taken in any cause or Suit before the Court of Session, or Commission of Tenuis, or Court of Admiralty in Scotland, or Commiliary Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scotland Deposition or Affidavit produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland -

Special Exemptions.

Depositions taken in any Cause or Suit before any of the said Courts in Scotland, which is inlifred in at the instance of the public Prof-cutor, for the public interest, or where the public Revenue is concerned.

DcpbiUion taken in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court alVfresaid, where the Sum or Subject concluded for is under the Value of £. 5 lterling, exclusive of Costs.

040

020

020

020

Disposition or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights in Scotland; upon any Number of Words not amounting to Thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at Seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any l'uch Disposition or Conveyance shall conlift -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Disposition or Cunvev-ance of Land or lleretable Rights, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indoifed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall conlift (over and above the liift fifteen such common Law Sheets) the further Sum of -

Ilerrtable Bond or Conveyance of Lands, or Heretable Rights, for the Security of any Sum of Money lent, not exceeding £. 100. -

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 100, and shall not exceed z.300. -

For the like Security, v.heie the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 300, and shall not exceed £*.VX> ......

For thr like Seeuiity, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £ 500, and shall not exceed £. 1,000. -

too

0190

190

1 i go

2 1-9 0

3 19 o

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

793

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioqers of Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Appendix, (No. 63.) 3° Mh

continued.

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 1,000, and shall not exceed

£.2,000. - ......

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 2,000, and ihu.ll not exceed

£.3,000. - ......

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent iha.ll exceed £. 3,000, and shall not exceed

£.4,000. - ......

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 4,000, and shall not exceed

£.5,000. - ...... -

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 5,000, and shall not exceed £. 10,000. -

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 10,000, and shall not exceed

£■ 15,000. - ......

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 15,000, and shall not exceed £. 20,000. -

For the like Security, where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £. 20,000. -

The said several and respective Duties on Heretable Bonds or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights, to be payable aftd paid for, and in respect of, any number of Words therein not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such heretable Bond or Conveyance, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Land, or Heretable Rights, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets) a further Duty of -

Afljgnation of any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands, or Heretable Rights; upon any number of Words uot amounting to thirty common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Allignation shall consist -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet) of which any such Assignation, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets) a further Duty of -hond given solely as a Collateral Security for any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of* Lands or Heretable Rights -

Copy attested, or Extrad, of or from any Deed, Instrument, or Writing, given out from any Public Register, or from the Books or Record of any Court in Scotland

Special Exemptions.

Extrads of the Decrees of Court, other than such formal Decrees of Registration as are usually annexed to the Extracts of Writings.

Copies of Extracts or Protests upon Bills or Pro-railTory Notes under Forty Shillings lterling.

Award or Decree arbitral, made in Scotland, whether regift ere d or not -

Writ or instrument with any Institution or Licence that shall be passed or made by any Presbytery, or other Spiritual Power in Scotland -Testament, Testamentor, or Testament Dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, for any Estate above the Value of £.20, and under the Value of £. too. -

Of the Value of £. 100, and under the Value of £■100 ......

England.

£. i. d.

Scotland.

£• d.

4^9 o

5 19 o

6 19 o

7 19 o 9 19 o

11 19 o

14 *9 0 19 19

o 19 o

190

o 19 o o 19 o

016

190

2 0 0

o 10 o 2 0 0

Schedule (A.)—Stamp Duties.

England

Of the Value of £.200, and under the Value of

£■ 300 ......

Of the Value of £.300, and under the Value of £•450- ——

Of the Value of £. 450, and under the Value of £.600. .......

Of the Value of £.600, and under the Value of

£• 800 ......

Of the Value of £. 800, and under the Value of £. 1,000. - - . ——

Of the Value of £. 1,600, and under the Value of

£.1,500. - - ......

Of the Value of £. 1^500, and under the Value of

£.2,000. - - ......

Of the Value of £. 2,000, and under the Value of

£•3*5°°* ......

Of the Value of £.3,500, and under the Value of £.5,000. - -

Of the Value of £.5,000, and under the* Value of

£*7>5oo* ......

Of the Value of £.7,500, and under the Value of £. 10,000. ——

Of the Value of £. 10,000, and under the Value of

£• 12,500 ......

Of the Value of £. 12,500, and under the Value of

£• 15*000 ......

Of the Value of £. 15,000, and under the Value of

£-17*500 ...... -

Of the Value of £. 17,500, and under the Value of £. 20,000. -

Of the Value of £. 20,000, and under the Value of £.25,000. - - - - r

Of the Value of £. 25,000, and under the Value of

£• 30,000 ......

Of the Value of £. 30,000, and under the Value of

£. 35*oooo ......

Of the Value of £.35,000, and under the Value of £. 40.000. ——

Of the Value of £.40,000, and under the Value of £.45,000. -

Of the Value of £.45,000, and under the Value of

£. 50,000 ......

Of the Value of £. 50,000, and under the Value of £.60,000. -

Of the Value of £.60,000, and under the Value of £.70,000. -

Of the Value of £. 70,000, and under the Value of £. 80,000. - - " -

Of the Value of £. 80,000, and under the Value of

£. 90,000 ......

Of the Value of £.90,000, and under the Value of £. 100,000. -

Of the Value of £. 100,000, and under the Value of

£. 125,000 ......

Of the Value of £. 125,000, and under the Value of £. 150,000. -

Of the Value of £. 150,000, and under the Value of £. 175,000. ——

Of the Value of £. 175,000, and under the Value of £. 200,000. -

Of the Value of £. 200,000, and under the Value of

£.250,000 ......

Of the Value of £. 250,000, and under the Value of £. 300,000. - - - - > -

Of the Value of £. 300,000, and under the Value of

£.350,000 ......

Of the Value of £. 350,000, and under the Value of £. 400,000. -

Of the Value of £.400,000, and under the Value of

£.500,000 ......

Of or above the Value of £. 500,000. -

Special Exemption.

Testament* Testamentor, or Testament Dative, or Eik thereto, of any common Seaman or Soldier who shall be (lain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

Scotland.

500

8 Q o 11 00

15 o O

22 O O

30 O O 40 O O 50 O O 60 O O 75 O o 90 o o 110 o o 135 O o 160 o o 185 o o

210 O ©

260 o o 310 o Q 360 o o 410 o o 460 o o 550 o o 650 o o 750 o o 850 o o 950 o o 1,200 © o 1,460 o o 1,600 o o

2.000 o o

2.500 o o

3.000 o o

3.500 o o

4.000 0 o

5.000 o o

6.000 o ©

SCHEDULE (B.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the instrument. Document, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Insurance upon every Sum of £, 100, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, that \9 or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Bouses, Furniture, Goods, Warehouses, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, - yearly

Vol. 59.

England.

£• d

026

Scotland.

£. #. d.

026

Special Exemptions.

Public Hospitals.

Insurance made in Great Britain for insuring any Houses or Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, within any Foreign Kingdom, or State, in amity with His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

9Q

England

Scotland*

794

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

fjulii,

continued.

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

Schedule fB.)—Stamp Duties.

" f Ordered to be printed T > by His Majesty, llis V Heirs, or Succell'ors.

and

Advertisement contained in the London Gazette, or any other Paper printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, weekly, or oftener,‘or yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time exceeding one week, or which shall be contained in, or published with, any Pamphlet whatsoever lb printed and dil-pevfed and made public ——

Special Exemptions.

Single Advertisement printed unddifperfed separately. Daily Accounts, or Bills of Goods \>>uch Bills or Ac-

imported and exported - - ( cou,;ls’ containing

1 r >1 10 other matters than

Accounts of the Weekly Bills ofi whathuve becnul’ual-Mortality ----- -.']y comprized therein.

Pamphlets, or Books, or Papers commonly so called (being larger than one whole Sheet, and not exceeding fix Sheets octavo, or on a letter page, or not exceeding twelve Sheets in quarto, or twenty Sheets in folio) printed in Great Britain, for every Sheet of any kind ' of Paper which iliali be contained in one Copy thereof -

Special Exemptions.

Acts of Parliament.

Proclamation - -Orders of Council Forms of Prayer Thanksgiving -Acts of State.

Printed Votes, or other Matters by Order of either House of Parliament.

Books commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain.

Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety.

Playing Cards, for every Pack which shall be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain -

Dice, for every Pair which shall be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain -

Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, not exceeding the Price or Value of Four Shillings, including all the Mountings, or other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person or Persons taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats by Retail, ----- each Hat

Made of any such Substance or Substances as (aft above-mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of Four Shillings, and not above the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, ----- each Hat

Made of any such Substance or Substances as lait above-mentioned, above the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of Twelve Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, - - each Hat*

Made of any such Substance or Substances as lait above-mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of Twelve Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of Eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments) except Gold and Silver Lace) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, ----- each Hat

IS lade of any such Substance or Substances as last above-mentioned, exceeding she Price or Value of Eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold,

each Hat

England. Scotland.

£■ *• d-

0 2 0

026

o o

003

0 2 0

O30

d.

0 2 6

o o

006

0 2 0

Schedule (B.)—Stamp Duties.

Of Silver of any Weight whatlo-

Plate of Gold, which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, affayed, and marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

Special Exemptions.

Gold Watch Cafes.

Plate of Silver, which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, affayed, and marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

Special Exemptions.

Watch Cafes - - - -\

Chains -

Necklace Beads Lockets ——

Philigree Work - - - S

Shirt Buckles or Broaches - ever.

Stamped Medals Spouts to China, Stone,

Earthen Ware Teapots - /

Tippings, Swages, or Mounts, not weighing Ten Pennyweights of Silver each, and not being Necks or Collars for Castors, Cruets, or Glafl'es, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames; Wares of Silver, not weighing Five Pennyweights of Silver each, but this Exemption not to include Necks, Collars, and Tops for Castors, Cruets, or Glafl'es, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames; Buttons to be affixed to, or set on any Wearing Apparel; solid Siver Buttons, and solid Studs, not having a biffelled Edge soldered on; wrought Seals; Blank Seals; Bottle Tickets; Shoe Clasps; Patch Boxes; Salt Spoons; Salt Ladles; Tea Spoons; Tea Strainers; Caddy Ladles; Buckles, and Pieces of Garnish, Cabinets, or Knife Cafes, or TeaChells, or Bridles, or Stands, or Frames.

Medicines, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Eftences, Tindures, Powders, or other Preparation or Competition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting the Human Body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Sixpence - -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and Eot exceed the Price or Value of Four Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Four Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Ten Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Ten Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Twenty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Y'alue of Twenty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or YTilue of Thirty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Thirty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Fifty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Fifty Siblings -

England. Scotland.

£ f- d.

o 16 o

003

006

010

020

030

o 10 o

100

£■ *• d-

o 16

003

006

010

0 2 0

O30

O 10 O

IOO

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Eftences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations, and Compositions.

Adam's Solvent.

Addifons Re-animating European Balsam. Af he real Anodoyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops (by Wilson). Amboyna Lotion.

-----Mouth Powder.

All Foreign Medicines except Drugs.

Amboyna Tooth Powder. American Alterative Pills.

-----Salve.

Andalufta Water.

Anderson’s Scots Pills. Angibauda Lozenges of Blois.

Anodoyne Necklace. Antiperluftis. Appleby's 'lea. Arabian Ballam. Arnold’s Drops. -----Pills.

4

44 Geo. III.

Appendix.

795

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamps in Great BritainT-con{Mued. ——

Arquebusade Water.

Aromatic Spirit of Vinegar.

« ■- condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

-----Tonic Tincture.

Austin’s Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca.

Balsam of Iceland Liverwort.

Barclay's Antibilious Pills.

-----Asthmatic Candy.

Barlowe’s Specitic Medicine.

Barron's Cachou de Rose Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

•----- Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

----- Golden Spirit of Scurvy Grass.

-----Plain Spirits of Ditto.

Bayley's British Tooth Powder.

Beafley’s Family Plaister.

Beaume de Vie.

Beiker's Tincture.

Bell's Restorative Pills.

Bennet's Worm Powders.

Benzoin, Essence of Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton’s British Oil.

Birt’s Martial Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave’s Antiscorbutic Wine. Bolderlon's Worm Cakes*

Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Asthmatic Tincture.

Bollock's Cordial.

— Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

.--- Tooth Powder.

Bourne's ^Ethereal Essence.

Box'a. Magnesia Lozenges.

Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pills.

-----Botanical Syrup.

-----Nervous Cordial.

Arowne's British Pills.

-----Rheumatic Powders.

— — Tincture of Yellow Heart. Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Camphor, ^Ethereal Essence of. Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment.

----- Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

-----Pills.

Chapman* Cerate.

----- Chilblain Water.

Ching’s Worm Lozenges.

Chinner’s Pills.

Church’s Anodoyne Essence.

-----Chilblain Ointment.

-----Cough Drops.

----- Eye Salve.

-----Pedoral Pills.

-----Volatile Tincture.

Clerval’s Syrup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafness.

-----Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

Collier's AlTistant Pills.

.-----Ointment.

-----Remedy for Fiftula and Piles,

Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwall’s Fruit Lozenges.

----- Opodeldoc.

—!-----Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coftello's Cerate.

-----Collyrium.

Cottier's Refolvent and Healing Plaister. Cox's Tincture.

Colwell's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundell's Balsam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalhy's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sal Poignant.

-----Taftelels Salts.

Dawson's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcot’s Myrtle Opiate.

De Velno's Pills.

—----- Syrup.

Dicey and Co's Bathing Spirits.

-----Daffy's Elixir.

Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

__________Red Drops for Convulsions.

Dickenson's Drops for Fits.

Dixon's, Antibilious Pills.

Donavan's American Vegetable Syrup. Doranftorff's Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough. Edward’s Ague Tincture.

-----Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of Longevity, or Swedish Preservative. Ellis’s Aperient Pills.

Falck's Cerate.

-----«— Universal Pills.

Findon's Drops.

Ford's Balsam of Ilorehound.

Fordyce's Cooling Opening Pills.

Fothergill’s Pedoral Pills.

----- Refiorative.

Fraunce’s Elixir.

Freake’s Tincture of Bark.

Freeman’s Bathing Spirits.

-----Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith’s Antibilious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryer’s Balsam.

Gamble’s Aromatic Snuff.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener’s Ointment.

----- Pills.

German Com Plaister or Salve.

Gilbert’s Roseate Lotion.

Glafie’s Magnesia.

Godbold’s Balsam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

-----• Rose Lozenges.

Gowland’s Lotion.

Grand Specific, or infallible Antidote to Consumptions.

Grant’s Drops.

-----Lifbou Tonic Pills.

Green’s Honey Lozenges.

— — Oil or Infallible Oil.

-----Tooth-ache Pills.

Greenough’s Tincture.

— -----Tolu Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

----- Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Asthmatic Tincture.

Grubb’s Fryar’s Drops.

Guest’s Lotion.

-----Pills.

-----Powder.

-----Tooth Powder.

-----Welcome Guert.

Haarlam’s Drops.

Hadley’s Convullive Powders.

Hallam’s Anima of Quaflia.

-----— Antibilious Pills.

-----Quaflia Ditto.

Hamilton’s Asthmatic Effluvia.

----- Cinnamon Drops.

———— Corn Salve.

----- Vegetable Balsamic Tincture.

Hannay’s Wash.

Harvey’s Anti-venereal Pills.

-----Grand Reiterative Drops.

Hatfield’s Tincture.

I layman’s Maredant’s Drops.

Hayward’s Stomhchic Lozenges.

----- Anti-acid Ditto.

Hayward’s Samaritan Water.

Hemet’s Essence of Pearl.

----- Pearl Denti ifice.

Heming’s Pine Bud Lozenges.

Henry’s Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar.

-----Magnesia.

Hewitt’s Arialambanic Pills.

Hickman’s Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

----- Bardana Drops.

----- Canada Balsam.

----- Essence of Water Dock.

----- Gout Essence.

----- Tincture of Centaury.

-----Suge.

----- Valerian.

Iiodson’s Aromatic Nervine Tea.

-----Imperial Oil.

-----Perlian Restorative.

-----Syrup.

Holdsworth's Lozenges.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Howell’s Powders for Epilepsy.

Hunter's Elixir.

----- Pills.

Hunter’s Restorative.

Jackson’s Corn Salve.

-----Ointment.

-----Tincture.

Jacobson’s Cough Drops,

James's Analeptic Pills.

-----Fever Powder.

-----Medicine for the Dropsy.

Jebb’s, Sir Richard, Elixir.

-----Pills.

Jesuit’s Drops.

Imperial Anodoyne Opodeldoc.

Infallible Restorative.

Inglish's Scots Pills.

Johnston’s Essence of Horehound.

Johntenoco's Tooth Powder.

Jones's Rheumatic Tincture.

Irvine's Fruit Lozenges.

Juniper's Essence of Penny Royal.

-----Peppermint.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plaister.

Keyfer's Pills.

Knight’s Pills.

Lamert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

-----Chilblain Water.

-----Pills.

-----Purifying Drops.

Leathe's Lotion.

Le Corn's Imperial Oil.

Lee’s Lozengee.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

■ ■—— Tincture of Angustura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel. Lockyer's Pills.

Lord’s Com Salve or Plaister.

Lorraine's Consumptive Pills.

Lourie’s Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

-----Nervous Powders.

Lozenges, Aniseed.

----- Benzoin.

— -----Camomile.

—-—— Ginger. 4

-----Horehound.

----- Ipecacuanha.

----- Patirofa.

■ Peppermint.

----- Poppy.

----- Rose.

— --- Rofeated Liquorice.

----- Specific.

----- Spermaceti.

----- Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte s British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops.

-----Lotion.

-----Pills.

Magnesia Tablets.

Man’s Cough Medicine.

Mapoon's Sanative Salve.

Marshall's Cerate.

-----Wort Difiolvent.

Matthew's or M atthews's Alterative Medicine.

----- Chymical Tincture.

-----Remedies for curing Fiftula and

Piles without catting or Pain.

-----Samaritan Restorative.

Mayerfbach's Balsamic Pills.

----- Mixture.

----- Restorative Powders.

Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff.

Metallic Tradors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders.

Nailor’s Com Ointment.

Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder. Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

----- Drops.

----- Tonic Essence.

Norton's Maredant's Drops.

Oliverian Ointment for the Piles.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Paschal’s Teething Remedy.

Pedoral Essence of Coltsfoot.

Perkins's Metallic Tradors.

Perrin’s Balsam of Lungwort.

Peter’s Pills.

Appendix, (No. 63.) 3° 7«!">

continued.

796

Appendix

A. 1804

Appendix,

(No. 63.)

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamps in Great Britain—continued.

__________ —; ...... - ' ’ ’ I

3* 7ulii>

continued.

Peter s Tincture.

Pidding’s Balsam of Liquorice.

Pike’s Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

----- Royal.

Powell’s Camphor Linament.

----- Eye Salve.

Price's Bread Salve.

Prickett’s Styptic.

Pullen’s Antiscorbutic Pills.

-----Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radcliffe’s Purging Elixir.

-----Rheumatic Tincture.

Refined British Oil.

Rrlfe’s Nipple Ointment.

Richardson’s British Corn Salve or Plaister. Kiga Ballam.

Robbcrd's Cough Drops.

Robbert’s Worm Sugar Plums.

Roche’s Embrocation.

Roe’s English Codec for Nervous Disorders. Roger’s Antibilious Pills.

-----Antiscorbutic Pills.

ltook’s Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini’s Styptic.

.-----Tincture.

-----Tincture for the Tooth-ache..

-----Tooth Powder.

Ryan’s Efience of Coltsfoot.

Rymer’s Cordiac and Nervous Tincture.

----- Detergent Pills.

- — Etfenee of Garlick.

----- Peftoral Medicine.

Tonic Pills.

Schnid’s Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult’s Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot’s Gout Pills.

Senate’s Aromatic Steel Lozenges, dr Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe’s Hepatic Pills.

Sibley’s Lunar Tincture.

-----Solar Ditto.

Simpson’s Infallible ^Ethereal Tincture. Singleton’s Golden Ointment.

Sloane’s, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart’s Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark.

Smellome's Eve Salve.

Smith’s Antibilious Pills.

-----Antihedtic Baliain.

Smith's Cooling Opening Pills.

-----Drops.

-----Purifying Pills.

-----Restorative Medicative Wine.

Smyth’s Drops.

-----Reiterative.

Solander’s Sanative Tea.

Soley’s EiVence of Squills.

Solomon’s Abttergent.

—-----Anti Impetigines.

-----Biilm of Gilead.

Speediman’s Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

-----for the Yellow Fever.

—:-----Remedy (by Weffels).

-----Tincture. '

Spence’s Dentifrice.

Spiltbury’s Antiscorbutic Drops.

-----Compound Essence.

Spinluft’s Aromatic Bilious Cordial.

Squire’s Elixir.

Squirrel’s Drops.

v-----Tonic Pills.

-----Powders.

Steer’s Camomile Drops.

----- Camphorated Eye Water.

----- Convulsion Oil.

----- Nitre Drops.

-----Opodeldoc.

----- Paregoric Lozenges.

----- Purging Elixir.

Sterne's Balsamic jEther.

----- Stomachic Tablets.

----- Tincture and Gout Drops.

Storey's Worm Cakes. v

Stoughton’s Bitters.

-----Elixir.

Stringer's-Essence of Myrrh.

-----Myrrh Dentrifice.

-----Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity. Swinfen’s Anti-acid.

-----Electuary.

-----Ointment.

-----Worm Sugar Cakes,

Swiss Balsam.

Tasteless Ague Drops. /

----- Fever Drops.

Thomas’s Tolu Essence.

Thompson’s AgueTindhire.

Tickell’s iEther.

Tindfures for the Teeth and Gums.

Tooley’s Cordial.

Tooth-ache Fluid.

Tooth Powder Asiatic.

-----Paraguay.

-----Royal.

Trotter’s Asiatic Tooth Powder.

Trowbridge’s Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water/

Turlington's Balsam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten’s Gout Cordial.

Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Walford's Pancreatic Powders.

Walker's Jesuits Drops.

-----Specific Remedy.

-----Stomachic Wine.

Walke/s Tooth Powder.

Waller’s Ointment.

Walsh’s Coltsfoot Lozenges.

-----Ginger Seeds. \

-----Pills.

-----Dropsy Pills.

Ward’s Essence for the Head Ach#.

-----Liquid Sweat.

-----Palle.

-----Powders.

-----Red Pills.

-----Sack Drops.

—-----Sweating Powder.

-----White Drops.

Ware’s Asthmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

-----British Tooth Powder.

Water’s Artificial Mineral.

Webfier’s Diet Drink.

Welsh’s Female Pills.

"Wheatley’s Ointment.

----- Fluid.

Whitehead's Essence of Mustard.

-----of Horehound.

----- Pills.

Williams's Aperient Pills.

-----ElTenceof Benzoin, or Pulmonic Drops.

-----Spa Elixir, or Restorative Drops.

Willis's Asthmatic Pills.

Winch’s Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

Or by whatsoever other name or names the fame heretofore have been, now are, or shall hereafter be called, known, or distinguished, and also all Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tmctures, Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaisters, Unguents, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, Medicated Herbs and Waters, Chemical and Officinal Preparations whatsoever, of the fame or the like Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies, with the Articles before-mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in this Schedule, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or ex poled to sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or ex poling to Sale the fame, hath, or claims to have, any occult Secret or Art, for the making or preparing the fame, or hath, or claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the fame,or which have at anytime heretofore been, now are, or shall liereafterbe prepared, uttered, vended, or ex poled to Sale, under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any public Notice, or Advertisemfent, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand-bills, or by any Labels, or Words written, printed, or affixed to, or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, holdout, or recommended to the Public, by the Makers, Venders, or Proprietors thereof; as Noftnmis or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial to the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, Disorder, or Complaint incident to, or in any wise affecting, the human Body.

Special Exemptions.

All Drugs named or contained in the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir llarhottle Grimltone, Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and in another Book of Rates, intituled, " An additional Book of Rates of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates, referred to in the Act of’Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth year of the Reign of KingCharles the Second, with Rules, Orders, and Regulations, signed by the Right honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the Honourable I Ioufe of Commons, and mentioned and referred to determined by an Act, made in the Eleventh year of the Reign of his Majesty King George [

the First,* nor to any medicinal Drug or Drugs whatsoever which shall be so uttered or vended entire, without any mixture or composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever, by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymiff, or Druggist, who hath served a regular j^pprenticeship, or by any Perl'on who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any Commission or Appointment, who shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office; or by any other Person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this Act; nor to any Mixtures, Coinpositions, or Preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with, or prepared from, medicinal Drugs medicated, or chemical Preparations or Com-politions,- or other Ingredients, bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues, or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or Druggist, as aforesaid; or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid; the different Denominations, Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Composition*, and Preparations, as aforesaid, are known, admitted, and approved of, in the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint, incident to, or in anywise affecting, the human Body; and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the fame, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult Secret or Art for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive Right or Title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the fame; and which Mixtures, Compositions, or Preparations, have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any public Notice, Advertisement, or by any written or printed Papers or Handbills, or determined by any Labels or Words written or printed, and affixed to, or delivered with, any such Packet, Pox, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other In-ciofure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders, original or first Venders thereof, as Nolrrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint, as aforesaid.

Horle,

44 GrEO. IIIi

Appendix;

797

Duties and Allowances under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps in Great Britain—

Apptndix, (No. 63.) fjulii,

continued.

Schedule (B.j—Startip Duties.

Horse, Mart, dr Gelding, hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in traveiling in Great Britain, for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be hired to tiavel ——

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired for any less period of time than twenty-eight successive days for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Pod or otherwise, by whatsoever name such Carnage now is, or may be hereafter called or known (if the di(lance, at the time of hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be ascertained) for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be hired to travel - - a ——

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so hired as lad above-mentioned, in any case where the didance shall not, at the time of such hiring, be ascertained, for each day for which such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be to hired -

Special Exemptions.

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, used in Hacknfcy Coaches licensed pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament made for that purpose* where the Horses, Maies, or Geldings, drawing such Hackney Coaches, shall be employed to go no greater didance than ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof.

Carriage, whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafb, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Na&ie soever any such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be, called or known, which shall be employed as a Public Stage Coach, or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to or from different Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying not more than Four inside Passengers (Children in Lap ex cep ted) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel -Carnage, whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever any such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be, called or known, which shall be employed as a public §tage Coach, or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Pttfiengers for Hire to or from different Places in Great

England*

£ *- d

o 6 tj

o* o

1*

* 9

00a

Scotland.

• s. d.

o o ij

o o ij

o 19

002

Schedule (B.)—Stamp Duties*

Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying more than Four, but not more than Six Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel ——

Carriage, whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Amarine, Chaise, Diligence, Or other1 Carriage, with Two Or more Wheels, by what Name soever any l'uth Carriage now is, or hereafter may be called br known, which shall be employed as a Public Stage Coach, or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to or from different Places in Great Britain, and wh.ch shall be licensed for carrying more than Six, but not more than Eight Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel -----Carriage; whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever any such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, which shall be employed as a Public Stage Coach, or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to or from different Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying more than Eight, but not more than Ten Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel -Carriage, whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever any such Carriage now is, or hereafter may be, called or known, which shall be employed as a public Stage Coach, or Carnage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to or from different Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying more than Ten Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel -Special Exemption.

Hackney Coaches licensed by the Commissioners for licensing such Coaches.

Horse, Mare, or Gelding entered to dart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, over and above all other Duties chargeable by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament

£. i. d.

063

Ehglahd.

£• *• d-o 'o

004

005

<5 0 0

2 9 0

Scotland.

004

005

006

a o

SCHEDULE (C.) ALLOWANCES and DRAWBACK.

ALLOWANCES:

TO every Person who, at one and the same time, shall produce at the Head Office for Stamps in London, to be stamped, or shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper charged with any Stamp Duty, to the Amount, in the Whole, of £. 30 or upwards, One Pound Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum* not under £. 30.

To Card Makers, on Payment of the Duty ou Cards, Monthly, at the time of settling their Accounts, One Pound Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Stationers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the same time, of £. to, in consideration of their making no Charge to , the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually, and bona fide, felling the fame for the Price of the Stamp only, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under the Sum of £. 10, this Allowance being over and above the usual Allowance on the present Payment of Stamp Duties to the Amount of £, 30 and upwards. To Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall not have raised the Price of their Newspapers above the Price at which the same were respectively sold at and immediately before the time of passing the Act of the Thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act 44 for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters 44 therein mentioned, and for. better securing the Duties on Certificates, to be 44 taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts 44 of Justice in Great Britain/’ and who shall, at one and the same time, produce at the Head Office of Stamps, to be stamped, or shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Paper stamped with the Duty chargeable on Newspapers, the Duties whereof shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, in consideration of prompt or present Payment of such Duty, Sixteen Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds on such Payment, and so in proportion for any

freater or leis Sum, not being under £. 10.; But, if any Printer, Publisher, or roprieior, shall have raised, or shall raise, the Price of his Newspaper above the Price at which the fame was so sold at and immediately before the time of passing of the said Act of the Thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, then and in such Case no more or greater Allowance shall be made, in consideration of such prompt or present Payment, than at the Rate of Four Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under £. 10.

To the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively, the annual Sum of £. 500 each, in lieu of Money paid to them for the Privilege of Printing Almanacks.

To Persons who shall purchase, at the Head Office for Stamps in London, . Stamps for Hat Linings to the Amount, at one and the same time, of £. 10 or upwards, Ten Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps (o purchased, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under £. 10.

£or receiving the Duty for and in respect of Fire Insurances, paying the fame,

and making out the Accounts, according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in* that Behalf made, Five Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds so received, paid, and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, carrying on tba Business of Sea Insurances within the City of London, who shall have given, or caused to be given (to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties), Security by Bond for the Payment of the Duties on Sea Policies, at the times, and in the Manner, to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, and who shall duly pay the said Duties in the time and Manner prescribed. One Pound Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Stun.

For receiving the Duty for and in respect of Gold Plate, or Silver Plate, made or wrought in Great Britain, pay ins the same, and making out the Accounts according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds so received, paid, and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Persons who shall at one and the same time purchase damped Lt bcls for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to £. 5 or upwards, Five Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lese Sum, not under £. 5.

To Persons who shall at one and the same time purchase Stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to£. 50 or upwards, Ten Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under £. 50.

To Clerks in any Court of Law or Equity entrusted by an Act made in the Twenty-fifth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act * 44 for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out 44 by Solicitors, Attornies, and other Persons, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants,

44 Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record as therein 44 mentioned/* to enter and file of Record certain Memorandums or Minutes, for their Trouble in that Behalf, Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on such Memorandums or Minutes so entered or filed of Record as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To the Clerk of the Course, Book-keeper, or other Person, authorized to enter any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, to dart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, in consideration of his trouble in receiving, accounting for, and duly paying, the Duty imposed on such Horse, Mare, or*Gelding, Five Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so received, accounted for, and paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

DRAWBACK.

For or in respect of Gold Plate and Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured in Great Britain, which shall be duly exported by way of Merchandize to Ireland or any Foreign Parts, the Whole Duties which shall have been paid for the same.

Vol. 5y- 9 R

Appendix.

A. 1804

798

Appendix,

(No. 64)

An ABSTRACT, Shewing the Amount of SUMS Raised, and the Increase thereby of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, "since the Union to the'sth of January 1804;—the Amount of Charges thereon and, the Produce of the Taxes imposed, so far as the fame can be ascertained* for the Year ended 5th of January 1804:—With an Estimate of any further Produce of the said Taxes that may be expected Annually.

Amount of Sums raised from ill January 1801 to

5th January 1804.

Capital Created from lit January 1801 to

5th January 1804.

Amount of Charges from lft January 1801 to

5 th January 1804.

Produce of Taxes imposed for defraying the Charges for the Year ending 5th January 1804.

8,708,652

12,879,968

533^36

484,640

Note.—The Taxes imposed in Session 1803 took place from 14th July 1803; and, if the Produce for 12 Months be estimated at double the Produce from 14th July to 5th January* an additional Sum is to be estimated for the Annual Produce of Taxes of 1803, of

Total Annual Produce ......

Amount of Charges -

Annual Surplus of Taxes -

247,406

732,046

533,236

198,810

Note.—The Produce stated is exclusive of Produce of Stock on hand.

The Public Accounts being stated in Irish Money, the above ’ Account is stated in Irish Money likewise.

John Smith*

Appendix,

(No. 65.)

6* Julii.

9

PARTICULARS of the Sum of £. 1,501,666. Received from Government by The East India Company, including Interest

at 4 per-Centum per Annum, to the lft March 1804.

August. Received of the Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, on Account of the Company's Claim on Government -

£. 100,000

Interest at 4 per-Cent. per Annum to the lft March 1804 2‘2,000

1 A ZyUvJVJ

October. Received Ditto on further Account Ditto - 100,000

Interest as above - -- - 21,333 i*»,333

July - - Received Ditto - on Account - Ditto * 200,000

Interest as above - -- - 36,667 236,667

July - - Received, on Account of the Company's Claims on the Public - 500,000

Interest as above - -- - '3.333 513,333

September. Received Ditto, on further Account, Ditto 500,000

Interest as above - - " 8,333 508,333

£■ 1,501,666

Kafr India House, 1 the 6th July 1804.

(Errors Excepted) Wm Wright>

Auditor of India Accounts,

t

44 Geo. III. Appendix;

799

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the N ET- PAYMENTS into the Treasury of Ireland, from the Ordinary Revenues, in the Year ending the 5th January 1804:—The Amount of the Annual Interest: and Charges of she "FTJ N"D *E D DTHTT of Ireland, as it now Hands, including all Annuities payable in respect of Monies at any time heretofore advanced; and also, of the Annual Interest payable on Treasury Bills.

----- 1----- —-----:-----t---r-r-t-----

Customs, Excise, &c.

C• d.

2,538,*37 2-8

Stamps, including Composition from Private Bankers Postage -

182,547 8 3J

25,318 9 8 J

Appendix;

(No. 66.)

9* Julii.

4

Total of Payments into the Treasury from Ordinary Revenues -

-£■

2,746,103 —

8

Note.—There was also paid into the Treasury by the Commissioners of th6 Navy in Great Britain, within the said period, <J*5,173. os. 6 d. for Advances mode determined by several Collectors in Ireland ^from the Gross Revenue) for Seamens’ Wu-es.

Interest and Charges on Funded Debt of Ireland as it now Hands:

Interest and Annuities Management Sinking lftind

£.2,023,855 16 7

- 20,448 15 3

- 545,967 10 o

2,590,27*

1 i o -----la

Annual Interest on Treasury Bills at present Outstanding; Viz. On £.100,000, payable the 24th July 1804, at £. 5-per-CenL

- - 500,000, - - - 3ift July 1804, at D* -

— (a) 30,000, - - - 25th March 1800, at £. 6-per-Cent. -

£.5,000-----

- 25,000-----

- 1,800-----

31,800-----

(a) The Principal and Interest to be provided by the Grand Canal Cempany, to whom they were ifliiecL Treasury, Dublin Custle, 7

4th July 1804. f James Crofton.

Ajt ACCOUNT of the Amount of the FUNDED DEBT of Ireland, on the 25th March in each Year, from the 25th March 1784 to 1801, and on the lft January 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804; together with the Amount created lince the lft January 1804 by Loans, and the Debt as it now Hands.

£, S. d.

Amount of the Funded Debt of Ireland on 25th March 1784 - - - 1,527,600 — —

- - - 1,490,920 — —

- - - 1.584,540 — —

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ^1 00 - - - 1,768,24° — —

- - - 1,718,240 — —

1791 p - " m 1,718,240 — —■

1,760,740 — —

a - - - - 2,134,140 — —

- - - - 3.155,990 —

- - - - 4,841,856 13 4

- *797 - - - - 5,825,056 13 4

- - - - 10,128,906 13 4

1/99 - - - - 16,508,790 — —

- - - - 24,207,290 — —

- -- on ill January 1801 - - - - 30,109,056 *3 4

1802 - - - - 34,911,838 9 7

- - - - 39.541.258 16 8

- - - - ...... 1804 - - - - 43.019.325 10 —

Amount created fmee the lft January 1804 by Loans - - - - 10,277,031 5 —

X. Amount of the Funded Debt of Ireland, as it now Hands - - - - 53.^96,356 15 —

Treasury, Dublin Castle, 7

4th July 1804- . ) James Croft on*

soo

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Append*

(No. 66.)

9° 7«/«* continued.

’ Account of the Funded Debt of Ireland—continued.

STAMP OFFICE.

Appendix,

(No.

IO* JvJii.

» j

, . BALANCES in the Hands of the Receiver General, on the 5th of January 1803, and Bth of

y ACCOUNT of the Amobn tOA^ nt# into the Treasury, for Stamp Revkxue, in each year, ending oh the saiddays. t1804., respectively* 8110,4151

V v — -

January 1804, respectively

----- a—

Balance on Hands, 5 th of January 1803 Balance on Hands, 5th of January 1804

£-7*754 5 loj

Av ACCOUNT of the Total Net PAYMENTS into the Treahiry, for Stamp Revenue, in each year, ending on the eth of

January 18034 and the 5th ol January 1804. 0 me 511101

Total Net Payments, in the year ending 5th of January 1803 D° - - of D# - * - - - ending 5th of January 1804

C s. <1.

181,616 18 10

182,2t7 9

Rob1 Mulock,

Depr Comptroller.

The Balance of the Weekly AbflraA, stated to be in the Receiver General’s Hands on the 5th of January 1804, was paid into the

Treasury on the following day.

H. Howard.

William Gore.

Av ACCOUNT of the Amount of BA L A N C E S in the Hands of the Post Office Revenue unpaid to the Treasury on 5th January 1803 and 1804, respectively; and the Total Net PAYMENTS into the Treasury in each year, ending on the said days.

Balatile unpaid 5th January 1803 Balance unpaid 5th January 1804

£• s. d. 16,870 11 4

22,918 16 5J

Note.—The Account furnished to the Accountant General, 28th February 1804, stated the Balance at 5th January 1804, As £. 22,924. 15. which was owing to the last Quarter of that period not being then finally doled, it could (of courJe) be only Jftimated. <______

Total Net Payments into the Treasury, for the year ending 5th January 1803 t)# - ----- for the year ending 5th January 1804 -

Gen! Post-Office, Dublin, 7 30th June 1804.

£■ 3. d.

■ * " 40,076 9 3*

- - - 25,318 9

W. Stewart,

Acc* Gen!.

An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of PAYMENTS made to the Treasury by the General Post-Office, from 5U1 January 1802

10 5th January 1803, and from 5th January 1S03 to 5th January 1804.

January 30, 1802, paid April - 3 - - D* July - 24 - - D° October 23 - - D* January 5f 1804, D°

Gen. Post-O/fice, Dublin, J 30th June r8o4. 3

£■ S. d.

3,010 7 0 J May - 21, 1803, paid _ A

e,7°4 5 3 h

8,322 9 10 i Auguil - 20 - - D* m

10,440 10 3 ,

9,198 16 10 December 3 - - D° -

40,676 9 3 £ i

/. d. 9,883 12 1

6,986 19 3 *>447 18 4 i

25,318 9

W. Stewart,

AccT Gen1.

A.v ACCOUNT of the CASH belonging to the Separate Fund of The EAST INDIA COMPANY, from the vear 1793 inclusive to the ift of March 1804; and of all Appropriations or Payments mads from that Fund in the fame period/

/. *. d.

467,896 7 4

Amount of Separate Fund on the 1 ft March 1793 ——

Add - - Amount of accumulated Interest, from ift March 1793 to ift March 1804, at £. 4 per-Cent. per Ann,

on Sums remaining after the Payment of every Half Year's Dividend - 203,123 17 6

Deduct - - Additional Dividend of Half-per-Cent. on tbs Capital Stock paid thereout, as per Act of

'Geo. III. cap. 52 Amount of Separate Fond ill March 1804

£.671,020 4 10

3*7*5°°-----;

£• 343*520 4 10

East India IJoufe, the loth July

ouse, > 1804./

(Errors excepted.)

Chai Cartwright,

.Account* GenT.

44 Geo. III.

Appendix

3

G.

D

» L L

Appendix, (No. G8.)

ABSTRACT of R ET U R N S made by Overseers of the Pocr,

RELATIVE TO THE

EXPENCE and MAINTENANCE or the POOR ih ENGLAND and WALES,

FOR THE YEAR ENDING EASTER l303:

ALIO,

THE AMOUNT OF CHARITABLE DONATIONS.


s:

Rl

r:

g

T

*E

N

SE

JT

K

M

M,

M,

ID

K

R]

TE

tS*

)R

I S'

En

IY

IN T 1 VC I -

G i TT Ml K E

Wa

TD

ND

1

Appendix.

A. 1804.

Appem

(No. 6

9* J tontinu*

die Overseers of the Poor, in pursuance of an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty; being a Summary of

To which is subjoined, The Amount

nts; ‘t of Jr 7S6, 76. by lent e Z r 3- A s- Total of the foregoing Columns 4 & 5i shewing The Amount of the whole Expenditure on Account of the Poor, in the Year ending EASTER 1803. Amount of Expences similar to those included in the foregoing Column} Copied from the Abstract of the Returns made under 26® Geo. HI. c. 56. in 1786, and under 16° Geo. III. c. 40. in 1776.

At what Rate in the Pound, for the Year ending EASTER 1803. Total Money Expended in that Year, for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor; Distinguishing, Expenditure in Suits of Law; Removal of Paupers; and Expences of Overseers and other Officers.

/ Medium Average of Annual Expenditure on Account of the Poor, in the Years ending Easter ,7*3. >7*4. & 17*5. A Annual Expenditure on Account of the Poor, in the Year ending Easter 1776.

r Money so Expended OUT of any House of Industry or Workhouse. 1 Money so Expended IN any House of Industry or Workhouse.

Average of each

X. d. £ J. d. £. X. i. £. X. d. if. X. d. £■ i- £• *• d. £• x. d.

9 4 O 3 *.454 14 ©i 8,440 5 9i I,i75 3 *oi 3*>°7° 3 8 20,977 0 XI 16,662 17 1

0 1 O 4 xi 67.5*9 6 7i 14,404 17 °i 3,610 7 i°i *5,604 11 7I 47,006 10 1 36,718 *

18 1 O 4 68,950 0 Si 17,201 3 2,623 0 ni *.774 5 4 45,340 0 3 31,798 14 5

1 8 O 5 0} 44»5°9 19 i>{ 9»974 8 ©j 1,588 13 Si 56,073 1 5i 26,175 12 10 18,091 8 7

1 10 O 3 Si 63.393 i$ 7i 3,234 11 6 3,i7i 8 3i 69.799 »5 5 39,292 0 xi 29,659 16 10

7 9 O 4 6+ 5I»437 18 2 3,211 17 3,046 12 6\ 57,696 7 ni 28,531 19 9 22,598 4 6

3 8 O 2 8 22,668 18 6i 4,935 6 H 2,064 8 5i 19,668 13 7i 11,687 13 4 8,029 19 2

‘4 0 O 4 li 49,070 17 6{ 5,389 2 4,205 6 4 58,665 6 0 22,924 15 3 17,441 x 1

(8 9 O 4 «i ' 121,646 3 i. 22,376 15 ni 4,542 6 o* 148,565 5 ii 80,681 11 5 62,481 2 6

5 1 O 4 *i 5*»*s5 1 11 12,486 16 *i 2,209 7 0 66,981 5 oi 31,528 8 6 24,538 5

18 0 O * 4i 44,840 18 *i 7,125 2 5i 2,720 ,8 3i 54,686 9 41 19,530 12 4 14,44* ° 2

6 2 O 5 136,459 15 6 40,680 11 uj 7,287 !9 9i 184,428 7 31 94,569 14 6 74,067 3 5

6 9 O 3 5 92,726 11 1 16,318 9 xi 4,370 4 Si 113,415 4 8 64,895 5 8 53,812 3 1

11 1 O 5 *4 4*»335 18 4t 4,i35 X 1 i.l i>596 8 7 48,067 8 io{ 16,727 18 2 10,193 7

15 1 O 4 *i 35,298 6 i©t 21,082 6 2 2,257 14 7 58,638 7 7i 32,779 9 8 25,486 9 0

4 6 O 4 °i 20,327 7 4» 3,540 0 *i 1,097 19 3i 24,965 6 9 12,162 14 5 7,659 3 11

19 9 O 5 118,238 19 61 88,269 4 ii 8,888 14 2i 215,396 18 7} 106,606 7 11 8o, 150 10 0

3 6 O 5 4i 113,991 17 ~i 34,290 10 9i 12,743 6 H 161,025 14 8J 73,363 14 8 5*,37* 17

0 11 O 5 ai 69,136 9 5 io,774 10 XI 3,895 0 64 83,806 0 10J 30,805 5 0 24,399 9 4

2 1 O 3 7 80,638 10 *;• 14,936 11 4 5,320 8 4i 100,895 10 5 43,024 2 6 31,912 18 4

6 2 O 3 Si. x*5»i5* 4 4i 224,048 2 ii 18,084 6 4» 367,284 12 10^ 195,526 11 2 *74,*74 x 3

1 6 O 7 ni 17,119 12 joJ 1,164 4 8 1,478 6 ni 19,762 4 5! 8,108 1 3 5*575 * 7

4 10 O 5 1 124*765 15 *1 44,967 4 H 6,031 17 9i 175,764 18 3 94,670 17 5 64,171 13 xo

8 2 O 4 7 81,795 0 4i 12,811 19 H 3*87 0 ii 97,894 0 2} 46,079 8 7 35*232- 15 8

0 3 O 1 Si 46,369 0 ©t 5,547 16 11 2,149 13 10J 54,566 10 9? 20,737 16 2 14,698 xi 0

3 9 O 3 xo 34>9°7 14 9,3 H i5 0 3,230 14 5 4 47,453 4 2 18,068 8 9 11,914 4 9

2 7 O 4 8 76,56S 1 SI 12,124 8 2,614 19 3i 91,304 9 8J 36,109 3 5 *8,750 4 9

9 7 O 3 5 6,214 14 1 2,061 4 io\ 398 14 84 8,674 13 7i 3,537 5 1 2,664 6 6

7 9 O 3 Hi 45»94i 4 11 20, Sc6 7 11 \ 3,136 7 6J 69,884 0 5 V 33,937 2 3 22,316 20 1

0 0 0 4 102,864 14 7i 18,925 IS 5,072 15 9i 126,863 5 uj 66,267 0 9 5°»49* 5 3

2 9 O 4 n 84,461 7 4i 39,558 0 6’ 5,101 14 2 129,121 2 c\ 58,956 9 3 48,928 8 1

9 10 O 4 2i 68,18 6 4 ill 15,225 8 ii 5?389 16 ii SS,5oi 9 2I 40,963 13 7 32,088 7 1

5 9 O 4 xo| 68,290 14 51,673 z 5 4 4,694 12 9i 124,658 8 4^ 69,407 8 1 56,804 0 5

3 9 O 5 58,769 1 75,105 13 9i 8,536 7 6! 142,411 2 5i 66,155 10 8 49»"43 *9

1 3 O 8 7{ 132,299 2 IO> 47,558 19 3 5,746 17 n-J 185,605 0 j* 72,877 10 10 54.734 8 7

9 3 O 4 8 97,530 17 ioj 19,822 11 5,599 X 0 122,952 10 ij 59,557 9 2 44,070 11 0

.6 6 O 5 *i 12,622 11 6 1,223 16 11* 459 14 4 14,295 2 9^ 5,616 12 3 2,8 54 14 0

X 2 O 4 7i 113,888 17 9. 14,746 *9 0} 3,682 15 0 132,318 IX 9} 62,893 1 8 54,021 10 IC

l6 9 O 5 °l 60,175 0 10 11,060 6 oT 3 543 19 ioi 74,779 6 8: 34,50s 19 9 26,906 7 5

•7 3 O * 7i 33,721 2 *! 7,667 3 0! 2,946 18 7 44,335 4 4 15,499 7 JO 11,036 9 7

4 3 ° 2 61 43,291 9 4' 5,410 18 7l 2,509 3 S’ 51,211 11 7J 18,865 16 7 12,702 4

8 10 1 1 O _ *-6- _ iKhpas. x

Appendix,

(No. 67.)

io* Julii.

•6? ’7 0

.. -d -.

Account Ctnh

804

44 Geo. III. Appendix.

the Count)-Totals, and Grand Total, of the Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the POOR ii of CHAlUTABLE DONATIONS. '

6. 7- 8. 9- IO.

Expenditure for any other Purposes; Church Rate; County Rate; Highways; Militia j Sc o. in the Year euding EASTER 1803. Total Expenditure within the Year ending EASTER 1803. Money Expended in purchasing Materials for employing the Poor; Distinguishing, MoiWy Earned by the Labour of the Poor, towards their Maintenance, and accounted for to the Parish or Place; Distinguishing, Number of Persons Relieved from the Poors Rate, Permanently j Distinguishing,

r Persons so Relieved OUT of any House of Industry or Workhouse; not including their Persons so Reliey IN any Hou of Industry Workhou includin Childrei

Money so Expended OUT of any House of Industry or Workhouse. Money so Expended IN any House of Industry or Workhouse. Money so Earned OUT of any House of Industry or Workhouse. Money so^ Earned IN any House of Industry or Workhouse.

Children.

£■ '• d. £■ 1. d. C <• £■ d. £• <• <*• £• *. d.

8,429 12 IO 46,449 l6 6 IO 11 2 459 3 ii 177 I II 861 16 2 2,516 674

10,863 8 7 96,468 O 222 1 IO 669 4 IO 1,199 14 7^ 1,644 17 6 5,620 1,169

>5.* 33 6 6* 104,007 II >ol 60 13 6 167 4 2\ J>293 >9 10 1,894 15 zj 6,505 1,26c

X3,093 O *4 69,166 2 5 6 7 io{ 15 19 6 149 19 IO 758 13 i* ' 3,870 892

16,766 7 5* 86,566 2 ■o' 60 6 4J 9 8 9 101 19 if 232 13 1 7,504 27;

13,900 0 o\ 7I,596 7 i li! 25 16 1 IO 9 6 730 80 11 2 6,415 ,39*

7 5l 35»lSi 1 - - - , 43 •* ii 218 J 2 5 127 4 1 oi 3,170 6c

*9,554 a 9 78,219 8 9 182 0 io£ 37 © 9i 217 l6 O 468 9 nj 4,699 4

*8,141 3 loi 176,806 9 0 373 8 1 382 6 61 135 7 7 1,497 0 nf 18,237 *,7

11/328 6 °i 78,009 11 i* 13 J9 120 2 3 465 2 0 1,008 13 "i 5,734 9

13,16* 9 9i 67,948 19 2 705 6 6$ 111 2 6 36 10 0 179 16 ii 7,099 7‘

31,96s 10 4 aI^>393 17 7i 57 2 6} 2,353 6 10J 431 if 8 1,918 16 oi 11,219 2,91

29,036 10 o\ 142,451 14 %\ 325 4 5i 379 8 *°i 586 4 9$ 1,771 14 9a 11,851 1,8;

12,662 18 H 60,730 7 7i 163 9 3I 71 15 5 122 18 3§ 55 3 6 4,515 3C

11,767 17 H 70,406 5 4i 46 2 6 708 9 4i 312 8 2* 2,073 8 5 4,»97 i>75

5,992 11 Si 30.957 18 0 19 8 0 11 2 14 1 5 221 16 iii 1,588 3

42,070 1 4 i i57»467 0 oj- 401 8 4 8,190 17 5 2,600 12 1 5.989 *7 5i 9,227 6,3

70,651 13 7i 231,677 8 4 268 17 7^ 2,880 19 3i 341 9 3! 3.85» 3 6i 14,448 *,7

24,137 10 107,943 11 10 172 1 0 136 18 o| 591 9 4* 678 15 7i 6,446 9

46,694 12 7 147,590 3 0 249 10 3J 69$ 13 if 218 6 9 404 17 «i 6,609 1,1

111,691 IO °i 478,976 2 11 *3 14 5 3,281 4 9i 2,016 18 4 11,301 7 4i 12,185 15,ii

4,993 0 o* *4,755 4 6 088 184 13 1 12 0 0 260 9 4 i,943 13

29,854 5 Si 205,619 3 81 190 2 41 1,269 x6 3 582 9 10 4,158 14 *i 13,668 3>95

20,921 10 3 118,815 IO 5l 356 14 1 988 5 1 339 3 3 1,244 II 6 7,314 i>3<

7 6 66,894 18 3 a - - - 3 2 0 7 16 0 150 8 7 7,801 6<

16,518 15 2 63,97» *9 4 349 9 5 14 18 5 556 •« 3l 737 9 ii 3,467 9

11,836 19 7{ 103,141 9 3i 559 6 6 83716 0 1,221 4 Cj 1,270 15 8i 6,539 1,2

4,180 5 44 12,854 19 0 18 8 7 9 5 0 39 18 8 103 7 7 498

14,510 x8 34 84,394 18 H 407 10 9 1,39* 9 5 a 54 5 3 965 18 9i 5,644 1,

21,983 14 IO 148,847 0 9l 44 18 11 4117 II «3 7 4i 1,370 12 oi 12,944 i.<

21,338 14 104 150,459 16 ioi 5162 2,409 16 O 1,567 4 1 3,64117 7>959 3<

20,794 8 7i •09,59517 »°i *5 3 3 453 8 oh 45i 4 5 1,05813 ioJ 6,829

27,889 16 84 ■52>54* 5 ii 90 211 1,7M 13 Hi n;<* ts 00 00 5>254 0 Oi 8,066 4»<

37,i77 17 179,588 19 5 a 10 10 6 1,600 II «i 862 13 8 3 >45° >7 8 5,i73 5>

21,174 i° 94 206,779 IO ic4 967 19 6\ 2,436 0 4i 1,68114 4$ 2,882 5 ii 9,4i5 3

30,129 17 64 I53»082 7 7i 169 3 9 1,841 6 2 45* 1 7 1,715 0 71 10,624 1

3»353 4 54 17,649 7 3* - - - 1,172 15 4 on 0} 401 0 3 L934

l8,c8o 3 114 150,398 15 9 595 18 1I 253 IO 6J i»i57 17 3i L799 7 7i . 12,500

13,103 iS 04 87.S83 4 9i 26 17 3 247 1 7i 307 12 10 1,064 7 Ja 6,236

*3,493 5 54 67,828 9 9 2 6 13 10 189 11 o\ 4 5 4 17819 O 3,99i

25,427 13 ft 11 76,639 4 4 IS 0 152 9 7 19 15 0 163 7 4 5.643

279>g76 IO 305 0 5 493 18 7a 418 1 11J 1,974 16 ioj 20,149

Appendix,

(No. 68.)

IO* Juliiy

continued.

AMoi

I*

j)

CO u

BEDFORD 1 BERKS - j BUCKING]

C AMBRIDj CHESTER j CORNW A L,

cumberl;

DERBY - ! DEVON -

DORSET.

DURHAM

ESSEX. -

GLOUCES1

HEREFOR]

HERTFOR]

HUNTING

KENT -

LANC AST]

LEICESTE

LINCOLN

MIDDLESB

MONMOU1 NORFOLK; NORTHAM NORTHUMjdIx; NOTTINGf OXFORD fO.) RUTLAND SALOP - ,__

Somerset!

SOUTHAMi

STAFFORD

SUFFOLK . SURREY. SUSSEX - -WARWICK WESTMOR1 WILTS VVORCESTE YORK, EAS'

.....NOR

.....WES'

Total of Ek<

ANGLESEY BRECON- -CARDIGAN CARMARTI CARNARVC DENBIGH . FLJNT - -GLAMOltG> MERIONET M O NT G O Ml PEMBROKE RADNOR

Total of W*

GRAND

ENGLAND

Appendix.

A. 1804.

AppenUNT OF CHARITABLE DONATIONS

For the Benefit of POOR PERSONS!

(No. ( 9*>

ton tim

Copied from the Abstract of the Returns made under 26° GEO. III. c. 68. in 1786.

N T I E S.

f AM

;ge-

AND -

p E R

I> * -0 - -

DON

ER

k -

lx.

;H.

PTON- -BERLAND I AM- - -

PTON -

L AND -

;r ——

r RIDING -TH RIDING !r RIDING.

0 LAND -

fEN >N -

Appendix, v n -

(No. 67.) H

SRY

IO* Jutii. .

Lit -

TOTAL or } < and W A LES j

Annual

Produce of

Money.

£■ s. d.

.96 2 2

9°4 *7 9

6 1

481 5 4

x>445 *5 11

695 *3 8

*5* *9 0

1,067 *5 7

2,329 *5 3

386 6 0

380 11 7

9X4 x4 6

2,231 x7 4

506 6 9

898 14 0

339 5 4

1,816 9 0

2,521 18 0

1,024 3 4

5*7 13 2

4.7*5 8 7

230 6 2

591 *3 6

692 2 2'r

722 *3 0

374 4 6

706 13 3

267 12 10

838 8 9

1,589 I9 7

2*4*7 *5 3

1,0*3 i* 1

3*6 17 1

2,8l4 3 7

*>*47 11 4

*55 1 0

197 *4 5

1,887 10 11

820 4 2

x>33* 7 7

7*4 *3 2

*>953 1 z

46.173 9 9

*49 5 4

*5* 2 8

16 7 0

9* 18 0

160 2 10

43* 5 10

309 3 8

*5* z 3

*83 *7 5

221 3 5

147 18 4

5* x4^ 11

2,070 0 8

£■ s. d.

4*.M3 10 5

Annual Produce of Land.

Total

Annual

Produce.

£. 1. d. £. S. d.

2, l86 II 7 2,382 13 9

6,576 2 3 7,48x O 0

4,306 *5 8 4»97o 1 9

4,064 6 9 4.545 12 1

2,646 *9 2 4,092 *5 1

1,050 7 0 x>746 0 8

457 3 2 709 2 2

3,864 *4 2 4>93* 9 9

6,103 0 2 *,434 IS. 5

4.474 *9 8 4,861 5 8

1,076 2 1 1,456 13 8

5,658 *7 7 6,573 12 1

5>x45 5 1 7,377 2 5

x>79x 11 7 2,297 18 4

3,360 0 7 4,258 14 7,

950 11 10 1,289 *7 2

9>395 6 9 11,211 *5 9

6,722 *4 0 9,244 12 0

4>*77 J5 4 5,9° 1 18 8

7>*79 0 4 7,866 13 6

16,467 8 3 21,252 16 10

*>357 0 7 *,587 6 9

5>*7* 8 4 6,263 X 10

6,444 8 3 7,x36 10 5

749 6 3 *>47x *9 3

3,070 1 2 3,444 5 8

3>347 2 11 4*°53 16 2

500 7 10 768 0 8

*>744 *5 7 3>583 4 4

8,801 *7 2 *0,391 16 9

3>5°* 16 Ii 5>9*9 12 2

5>°57 16 2 6,141 *4 3

12,037 5 9 12,424 2 xo

7>4*3 12 2 10,237 *5 9

*,31* *4 1 3,560 5 5

10,205 1 X 11,060 2 X

83613 11 1,034 8 4

5 >44* 9 2 7,33 0 1

6,160 10 0 6,98014 2

5>°*5 7 1 6,35614 8

3»5*° 7 10 4,*45 1 0

13,633 «3 5 15,5*6 14 6

106,301 8 8 *5*>474 18 5

*74 18 4 3*4 8 8

57* x3 3 7*9 *5 11

46 4 0 62 11 0

164 *9 10 256 *7 xo

39* 12 7 55* *5 5

930 x4 5 1,369 0 3

346 6 0 655 9 8

33* 1 2 490 2 5

,65 *3 0 349 10 5

336 18 5 55* 1 10

380 12 5 518 10 9

310 6 9 369 1 8

4»,66 0 2 6,236 0 10

£■ 1. d. £■ i. d.

110,467 8 10 258JIO 19 3

OBSERVATIONS

ON T H

ABSTRACT of RETURNS made by Overseers of the Poor.

[Continued from the two preceding pages.]

I. —R ET U R N S from Fourteen thousand Six hundred and Eleven Parishes or Places in England and Wales are entered in the AB STRACT of POOR RETURNS, from whence the TOTALS in the foregoing pages are obtained.—Returns from Fourteen thousand Two hundred and Forty Parishes or Places are entered in the Abstra& of the Returns of 1785: Fburteen thousand One hundred and Thirteen in the Abstract of the Returns of 1776.

II. —Three thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five Parishes or Places maintain all, or part of, their Poor in Workhouses. The Number of Persons so maintained, during the Year ending Easter 1803, was 83,468; and the Expence incurred therein, amounted to £• 1,016,445. 15. 3.; being at the Rate of £. 12. 3. 6£. for each Person maintained in that manner. It appears from the Abfirafi of the Returns of 1776, that there were then 1,970 Workhouses, " capable of accommodating " 89,775 Persons.

HI.—The Number 6f Persons relieved out of Workhouses, was 956,248 (Col. 10. pt. 1/.—Col. 11. and Col. 12.) beftdes 194.052 (Col. 14.) who were not Parishioners. The Expence incurred in the Relief of the Poor not in Workhouses, amounted to £. 3,061,446. 16. 10}. A large Proportion of those, " who were not Parishtoners," appear to have been Vagrants; and, therefore, it is probable, that the Relief given to this Class of Poor could not exceed Two Shillings each, amounting to £. 19,405. 4. o. This Sum being dedu&ed from the above £. 3,061,446. 16. io{. leaves £. 3,042,041. 12. io\.; being at the Rate of £. 3. 3. j\. for each Parishioner relieved " ou t of any Workhouse."

IV. —The Number of Persons relieved in and out of Workhouses, was 1,039,716, besides those " who were not Parishioners." Excluding the Expence supposed to be incurred in the Relief of this Class of Poor, all other Expences, relative to the Maintenance of the Poor (Col. 4. and 5.) amounted to £. 4,093,758. 19. 6{. j being at the Rate of £. 3. 17. 9^. for each Parishioner relieved.

V. —The Resident Population in England and Wales, in the year 1801, appears from the Population Abfiralt to have been 8,872,980; so that the Number of Parishioners relieved from the Poors Rate, appears to be Twelve in *a Hundred of the Resident Population.

The Number of Persons belonging to Friendly Societies, appears to be Eight in a Hundred of the Resident Population.

The Amount of " the Total Money raised by Rates," appears to average at £.0. 12. oj. per Head on the Population.

The Amount of the whole Expenditure on account of the Poor, appears to average at' £. o. 9. 7 J. per Head on the Population.

VI. —The Expenditure in Suits of Law, Removal of Paupers, and Expences of Overseers and other Officers, according to the present Abfintot, ambunts to £. 190,072. 17. of. The Amount of such Expenditure, according to the Abstract of the Returns of 1785 (compnfed'in Columns 11, 12, and 13 of that Abfiradt) was then £. 91,998. 1. 9.

VII. —The Expenditure in purchasing Materials for employing the Poor, according to the present Abstrab*, amounts to £. 47,513. 11. 4i- The Amount of such Expenditure, according to the Abstract of the Returns of 1785, was then £. 15,892. 8. 10.

VIII. —The Poor of Two hundred and Ninety-three Parishes or Places in England and Wales are Rated in the Returns to be farmed, or maintained under Contract.

IX. —The Poor of Seven hundred and Sixty-four Parishes or Places in England and Wales are maintained and employed under the Regulations of special Acts of Parliament.

X. —Five thousand. Four hundred and Twenty-eight Friendly Societies have been enrolled at the Quarter Sessions of the several Counties in England and Wales, purfuaot to the Acts of 330 Geo. III. c. 54. and 35° Geo. III. c. 3 ;—but in this Number are not included the Friendly Societies which may have been enrolled in the County of Devon; —the Holland Division of the County of Lincoln; and the County of Carnarvon ;—the Clerks of the Peace of those Places not having returned any Answer to the Application requefiing them to specify the Number of Friendly Societies which may have been there enrolled pursuant to the said Acts.

XI. —Application having been made to the several Clerks of the Peace, requefiing them to specify " the usual Proportion of the Rated Rental to the Rack Rental," it appears that, according to the Answers received, the Rated Rental amounts on an average to about ‘Thrte-fourthi of the Rack Rental; but many of the Clerks of the Peace have not been able to fiate any thing satisfactory in their Answers to the above Question.

The Rated Rental of each County having been obtained by calculation from the Rates in the Pound returned, and from the Amount of Money there raised— the Total Rated Rental of England and Wales appears to amount to £. 24,129,134; on which the Average Rate in the Pound is £.0. 4. 5$. equal to £ o. 3. 4. on the Rack Rental, estimated according to the Answers received from the Clerks of the Peace.-

In the Returns from Three hundred and Eighty-seven Parishes or Places in England and Wales, the Rate in the Pound is stated on the Rack Rental. The Amount of Money raised by Rates in those Parishes or Places is £.268,381. 2. 9^. The Amount of the Rack Rental, as computed therefrom, is £. 1,679,716. 10. 4{. consequently the Average Rate in the Pound, on this Rental, amounts to £. o. 3. 2j.

It appears however from the Returns made to the Tax-Office for the Year ending April 1804, that the Rental of Real Property in England and Wales amounts to £.34,000,000; not including Mines, Canals, and some other kinds of Real Property, which, with an Allowance for the Deficiencies iocident to Taxation, cannot be efiin)ated at less than £. 4,006,000 per annum. Including this Sum, the fiack Rental of England and Wales, liable to Assessment, amounts to £.38,000,000; on which (the Amount of the Parish Rates being £. 5,348,205.) the actual Rate in the Pound averages at £. o. 10. or nearly (Jnc-seventh part.

XII. —The Area of England and Wales (according to the latefi Authorities) appears to be 58,335 Square Statute Miles, equal to 37.334,400 Statute Acres: Wherefore, the Number of Inhabitants in each Square Mile (containing 640 Acres) average* at 152 Persons.

----- — •^•9

-Account* Gen1.

44 Geo. Ill

Appendix

805

ABSTRACT of an Account of the PUBLIC EXPENDITURE in Ireland in the Year 1801; so far as relates to the Heads of Expenditure charged on the Contribution Fund of the United Kingdom:—Dil'tinguishing such Part of the said Expenditure as was for Services prior to the Year 1801 from such Part as was incurred within the said Year.

Expenditure Expenditure

for Services prior to for the Year TOTAL.

the Year 1801. 1801.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. t. d.

Civil List 62,223 18 —jj 99,649 18 8 f 161,873 16 93

Pensions - 45,4° 1 3 9 68,364 7 8 H3,765 n 5

Other Permanent Charges ----- 47»39o 9 7 4 97,584 11 6 4 144,975 1 1 J

Payments in Anticipation of") Bounties - 7.4*3 13 5j . 30,339 — e i 37,762 14 — i

Exchequer Receipts - - 3 Militia, &c. - - - - 15,111 13 113 15,111 13 n i

Manning the Fleet ----- 23,144 6 6 i 23,144 6 6J

Ordnance - 324,899 15 2 324,899 15 2

Army - -- -- 51,438 5 11 i 661,569 11 8 713,007 17 7 J

Fencibles ----- 117,795 11 10> 591,484 3 u 4 709,279 15 93

Militia - -- -- 93,881 10 7 j 769,411 11 6 f 863,293 2 2J

Volunteer Corps ----- H5,®53 6 10 i 173,212 1 3 288,265 8 1 j

Additional Pay for Dublin Duty ----- 5,893 10 10 j 3,875 17 4$ 9,769 8 3

Marching Allowances - - - 3,270 4 11 3,270 4 11

Extra Forage - -- - 4,271 6 6J 171,699 7 10 J 175,970 14 5

Military Jlospitals ----- 20,083 15 — i 20,083 15 —3

Military Infirmary ----- 549 2 8J 1,846 15 111 2,395 18 8

Barracks - -- -- 13,339 15 101 315,880 15 329,220 10 11

Staff Officers - -- - 18,705 7 — 32,848 16 11 3 51,554 3 11 i

Half Pay Officers ----- 7,i8o 7 7 3 8,765 1+ 9i 15,946 2 43

Officers Widows ----- 2,382 17 5 4 2,815 7 4 4 5,198 4 9i

Royal Hospital - -- - 32,999 16 8j 32,999 16 8J

Public Officers - - - - 1,528 1 101 4,473 9 1° i 6,001 11 9

Reduced Officers ----- 2,213 18 7 1,111 7 10 J 3,325 6 5 J

Army Extraordinaries ----- 74,072 7 7 279,120 13 61 353,193 * i|

Miscellaneous Services - - - 116,967 5 2$ 442,841 17 8 j 559,809 2 11J

Total - - £. 787,712 1 6 J 4,176,405 3 6 3 4,964,117 5 14

Appendix# (No. 69.)

11* Julii.

\-----~

Treasury, Ireland, 7 Thomas Haffield.

30th April 1803.3

An ACC CUNT of the SILVER BULLION imported into His Majesty’s Mint, and the Amount of SILVER MONIES Coined; from the 18th day of March 1797 to the 31ft day of December 1803; specifying the Dates when the Bullion was received.

SILVER BULLION Imported. SILVER MONIES Coined.

Date. Standard Weight. Value.

- 1798. * April 4. - - 13- - - 24. May 1. - 8. July 6. lbs. oz. dw. gr. 881 10 0 0 1,092 1 9 21 434 5 17 2,411 4 11 14 370 2 11 22 4,7°5 2 3 11 £■ *, d. / Small Silver Monies; confiding of Penny, Twopenny, Threepenny, and Fourpenny Pieces provided for His Majesty's Maundy.

9,895 7 2 23 30,676 7 10 j Total Amount Coined - - £. 278. 8. 0.

Appendix;

(No. 70.)

16'Julii.

<-----.-----J

No other Silver Monies coined at the Mint have been delivered within the period of this Account.—The Coinage of the Silver Bullion imported in 1798 was suspended on the 9th May of that Year, by a verbal Order of the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Coin; and subsequently by an Act of Parliament (38 Geo. III. ch. 59.)

Mint Office, 7 James IV. Morrijon,

05 th June 1804.3 Dep, Mailer and Wr.

Voit. 59. T

1

INDEX.

[Index removed.]

