THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 45.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Erom January the 21st, 1790,

TO

June the 10th, 1790,

In the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Vo L.

VOL. 45.

B

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Jovis, 21* die Jantiarii;

Anno 30° Georgii IIIm Regis, 1790.

Message to A M E S S A G E from His Majesty, by Sir

attend His ZA Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the

Majee* XX Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Writs issued Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pur-in Recess. suance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of " Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to " issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for " making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for " the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Noin the room of Peter Delmet Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, deceased; and for the City of Litchfield, in the room of George Anson, Esquire, deceased.

Members Several Members, Fetumed upon new. Writs, took take Oatbr. 'the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according1 to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to die Clerk of this House an Account of

Vol, 45.

their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill read.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had at- Mr. Speaker tended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where reports the His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious King’s Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parlia- sPetch' ment; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Since I last met you in Parliament, the Continuance of the War on the Continent, and the internal. Situation of different Parts of Europe, have been productive of Events which have engaged My most serious Attention.

While I see with a just Concern the Interruption of the Tranquillity of other Countries, I have at the same time great Satisfaction in being able to acquaint you, that I receive continued Assurances of the good Disposition of all Foreign Powers towards these Kingdoms; and I am persuaded that you will entertain with Me a deep and grateful Sense of the Favour of Providence in continuing to My Subjects the increasing Advantages of Peace, and the uninterrupted Enjoyment of those invaluable Blessings which they haie so long derived from Our excellent Constitution.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have given Directions that the Estimates for the present Year should be laid before you, and I rely on your Readiness to grant such Supplies as the Circumstances of the several Branches of the Public Service may be found to require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Regulations prescribed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the Com Trade, not having

Resolution for Address on King’s Sp4«ch.

Committee appointed to draw it up.

4 21° — 22° Januarii. A. 1790.

having been duly carried into Effect in several Parts , That His Majesty’s most Grarious Speech Speech

of the Kingdom, there appeared Reason to apprehend to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said referred, that such an Exportation of Gprn might take place, Committee, and such Difficulties occur in the Importation of

Foreign Gori\ as would have heen productive of the Ordered, That M*v -Speaker jgsue his ^-arrant to Newport most seriows Inconvenience to My Subjects. I^n|er the Clefjk of the Cron'll, to qjjpke ufct a nejf Writ for Writ, these Circumstances it itopeared indispensably >nec£s- the Roping of p Burgess to swerve im this present Par-sary to take immediate Measures for preventing -<he liament for the Borough of Newport, in the County Exportation, and facilitating the Importation, of cer- of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable John tain Sorts of Corn; and I therefore, by the Advice of Thomas Townshend, who, since his Election for the said My Privy Council, issued an Order for that Purpose, Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the a Copy of which I have directed to be laid before Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High you. Admiral of Great Britain.

I have only further to desire, that you will continue to apply yourselves to those Objects which may re- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth quire your Attention, with the same Zeal for the the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. Public Service which has hitherto appeared in all the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-your Proceedings, and of which the Effects have liament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County been so happily manifested in the Increase of the of Devon, in the room of Robert Esquire,

Public Revenue, the Extension of the Commerce and who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath Manufactures of the Country, and the general Pros- accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of perity of My People. His Majesty’s Navy.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we participate in the just Concern with which His Majesty observes the Interruption of the Tranquillity of other Countries: That we at the same Time learn, with great Satisfaction, that His Majesty con times to receive Assurances of the friendly Disposition of Foreign Powers: That we entertain a deep and gratefill Sense of the Fayour of Providence towards these Kingdoms, In continuing to us the increasing Advantages of Peace, and the uninterrupted Enjoyment of these invaluable Blessings which we have so long derived from our excellent Constitution, and which we so happily experience under His Majesty's mild and auspicious Government:

That we shall proceed with Cheerfulness 4o make such Provision as may appear to be requisite for the several Branches of the Public Service:

To express our Sense of His Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, manifested in His Anxiety to prevent the further Exportation of Corn, and to facilitate the Importation under the Circumstances which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate <to us; and to return His Majesty our Thanks for having been pleased to direct a Copy of the Order, issued by His Majesty by the Advice of His Privy Council, to be laid before Us:

To assure His Majesty, that we shall uniformly continue to apply ourselves with unremitting Assiduity and Zeal to those Objects of Public Concern which may require our Attention, and shall be at all Times desirous of adopting every proper Measure for maintaining the Public Revenue, and encouraging the Commerce and Manufactures of the Country, as being essentially connected with the general Prosperity of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord tort, Mr. Cawthortie, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Secretary Grenville, the Earl of Mornington, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Wilberforce. Colonel Phipps, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Secretary at War,*Sir Howard, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Steele, Mr. Beaufoy, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Eliot; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 22° die Januarii;

Anno go* Georgii III" Regis, 1790.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Re- Greni Ugian do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the mittecs «p-House. pointwk

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit evpry Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee of pointed. Privilege*

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. aPPoi,t*tl-Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Fox, the Lord North, Mr. Secretary Grenville, Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Wilberfot'ce, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Hopkins, the

Earl of Courtown, Sir George Augustus William Shuck-

burgh, Mr. Medley, the Lord Arden, the Lord tort, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ord, Sir Edward , Mr. Plamer, Six William Young, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Cawihome, the Lord Hood, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Gamon; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit every,

Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege

» of

Other usual Orders made.

30 Geo. III. 22° Januarii. 5

of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any. Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House, will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting

Vol. 45.

of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no* Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House; or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminstet, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, -and from Four till Six in the Afternoon; during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, of other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the saline.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid;

Ordered, That the said Ordeis be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed

C to

Old Buck-enham Inclosure Petition.

Norwich and Caister Causeway Road Petition.

Colacis and Carl ford Poor Petition.

6 22° JanuarA. 1790.

to this House, shall oome to Mr. Speaker, he do open ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor to this House. within the said Hundreds, whereby the Petitioners

were authorized to erect and fit up certain Buildings Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and House do, from Time to Time, when the House is to borrow Money to defray the Expence thereof, and going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Com- also to make certain Rates or Assessments upon tho mitteee; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Inhabitants, for paying the Interest of the Money to Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and be borrowed, and for defraying the Expence attend-void. ing the Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Poor, and divers other Powers and Authorities Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, were given the Petitioners for carrying the Purposes being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do of the said Acts into Execution; and that, in pur-appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but suance of the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, the such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the Petitioners have caused several Buildings to be erected same. and fitted up, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assess-A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors ments, which has been applied in defraying the Ex-of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Old Buckenham, pence of erecting and fitting up the said Buildings; in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and and that of late Years the Number of the Poor, within the rest of the Owners of Lands and Grounds within the said Hundreds, has so greatly increased, that the the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; said Buildings are become too small for their Recep-Setting forth, That there are; within the said Parish, tion and Employment, and the Money arising by the certain Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, which, in said Rates or Assessments is found insufficient for their their present Condition, are incapable of any consider- present Support and Maintenance, by reason whereof able Improvement, but might be rendered of great Value the Petitioners have been under the Necessity of in-if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made curring a considerable Debt, over and above the thereof to the Petitioners, and all others interested Money borrowed as aforesaid, which Debt now re-therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be mains unpaid, and the said Acts are in other Respects given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and al- ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and unlotting the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, in less the said Rates or Assessments are increased, and such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re- some Amendments made to the said Acts, the Poor strictions, as to the House shall seem meet within the said Hundreds cannot be properly main-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- tained and supported, and the said Buildings suf-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir ficiently enlarged and altered, nor the Money due as John JVodehouse and Sir Edward Astley do prepare, and aforesaid be paid off and discharged: And therefore bring in, the same. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, by such A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Ninth shall think proper.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ing the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Norwich, to a Stone, formerly called The Two Mile mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Cause- shall appear to them, to the House: way, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of And it is referred to Sir Sir

Great Yarmouth, and also, of several of the Persons Astley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to Records, carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed

a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the A Petition of Robert Harper and Henry Duncombe, Burton Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- Leonard great Part of which still remains due; and that the scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money ting forth, That there are, within the Township of borrowed, and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, Burton Leonard, in the County of York, Three Open and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in and Uninclosed Fields, called Brier Hill Field, Shaw good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is en- Field, and Chapel Field, containing, together, Two larged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be hundred and Seventy-three Acres, One Rood, and given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the Thirty-seven Perches, or thereabouts; and the said said Act for such further Time as the House shall Robert Harper and Henry Duncombe, and several other think proper. Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the und Grounds in the said Open Fields; and that the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and shall appear to them, to the House: are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improve-

And it is referred to Sir John JVodehouse, Sir Edwardment, for which Reason it would be greatly to the Ad-Astley, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- vantage of the Parties concerned, if tire same were diing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; vided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing Records. the said Open Fields, in such Manner as to the House

shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, forth. That Two Acts were passed in the Twenty- the same.

08 A Petition

30 Geo. III. 2

7

Winchester

Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Debtors in the Common Gaol at Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the Mouse, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Koads°r°U^ Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in Petition. anc* by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Ken-itett, to Sheppards Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Hill, and from the Town of Avebury, to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, and for carrying into Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroaghton, and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenters Arms, in Blunsden, in the said County, and also of many of the principal Landholders and Inhabitants residing in or near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Sum of 2,000 /. has been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the same hath been expended in the Reparation of the said Roads; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said several Acts are further extended and enlarged; and that a Part of the present Road, of about Two Miles in Length, from near The Catherine Wheel Inn, at Beckhampton aforesaid, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, is very steep, and Travellers hdve been much incommoded by die full Force of the Winds passing over the high Downs there, whereby Carriages have been sometimes overturned; and that a commodious Road may be made, so as to avoid the great Ascent of the said Hill, either on the North or South Side thereof, and that if another new Line of Road was made, branching from out of the aforesaid Road, on the East of a Place called 1 'SheppardsShord, across the Down, to lead into Caine

Turnpike Road, at or near a certain House, called The Labour in Vain, the same would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, but such Alterations cannot be effected without a considerable Expence, which may make it necessary to borrow a further Sum on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the' said Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and to alter the Powers, of the said Acts,*and for such ether Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Point A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Monson,

Petition* Lord of the Manor of Pointon, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable Houses and Tottsteads, and of old inclosed Lands within the Parish of Pointon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are/ within the said Parish, a Common Cow Pasture, and also a Common Fen, over which the Petitioners, and others, are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Vol. 45.

Cow Pasture and Fen, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Cow Pasture and Fen might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Cow Pasture, and Common Fen, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Calvert, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Norwich and Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His preseut Majesty, for amending 11 "* the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Nonvich, to Block Hill, in Trorwse,at the Angld where the Road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, great Part of which still remains due;’ and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act for such further Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Loo« the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Alexander Irvine, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dorehestei the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Thomas Ewer, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Malmesbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to servo in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James Maitland, commonly called Lord Viscount Maitland, now Earl of Lauderdale, a Peer of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St. German* the Clerk of the Crow'ii, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John James Hamilton,

Esquire,

8 22° — 23’

Esquire, now Lord Viscount , called up to the

House of Peers.

Address The Lord Valletort reported from the Committee,

reported, and appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be agreed to presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign#

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great , in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

While we participate in the just Concern with which Your Majesty observes the Interruption of the Tranquillity of other Countries, we feel, at the same Time, the greatest Satisfaction in being informed that Your Majesty continues to receive Assurances of the friendly Disposition of Foreign Powers: And we entertain a deep and grateful Sense of the Favour of Providence to wards these Kingdoms, in continuing to us the increasing Advantages of Peace, and the uninterrupted Enjoyment of those invaluable Blessings which we have so long derived from our excellent Constitution, and which we so happily experience'under Your Majesty’s mild and auspicious Government.

Your Majesty may be assured, that we shall proceed with Chearfulness to make such Provision as may appear to be requisite for the several Branches of the Public Service.

We are duly sensible of Your Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of Your People, which has been manifested in Your Anxiety to prevent the further Exportation of Corn, and to facilitate the Importation under the Circumstances which Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate to us; and we desire humbly to return our Thanks to Your Majesty, for having been pleased to direct a Copy of the Order issued by Your Majesty by the Advice of Your Privy Council, to be laid before us.

We assure Your Majesty, that wie shall uniformly continue to apply ourselves, with unremitting Assiduity and Zeal, to those Objects of Public Concern which may require our Attention; and shall be, at all Times, desirous of adopting every proper Measure for maintaining the Public Revenue, and encouraging the Commerce and Manufactures of the Country, as being essentially connected with the general Prosperity of Your Majesty’s Dominions.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

King’s Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech

Sp«e«h to be to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration considered. To.morrowMorning.

Orders in Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Council, &c. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Com pre-° N# i. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, sented. " prohibiting the Exportation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye,

Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, Oats, Oat Meal, and Beans, until further Order, and

Januariu A. 1790.

allowing the Importation of certain Articles of Foreign Grain, upon the Low Duties; dated 23d December 1789: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order in Council for allowing the Re-exportation of Foreign Com and Grain, Flour and Meal, which is or shall be Warehoused, and also the Exportation of Foreign and British Corn, Grain,

&c. entered for Exportation before the issuing or Receipt of His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 23d of December 1789, under the Regulations and Restrictions therein mentioned; dated 2d January 1790:

And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order in Council for allowing the Exportation of Malt, declared or made for Exportation on or before the 28th of December 1789; dated 8th January 1790: And also,

N° 4. Extract from the Report of the Committee of Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, respecting Com.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Laws relating next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Com to be to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation and considered. Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were this Papers Day presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23* die Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Pit AYERS.

THE Earl of Courtmm reported to the House, The King That His Majesty, having been waited upon appoints to (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know be attended. His Majesty’s^leasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Hutiagrt House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Trial, the Trial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday, the 1st Day of February next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration King's His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Speech con-Parliament. sidered.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted Motion for a to His Majesty; Supply.

Resolved,

To be considered.

Papers, relating to Corn presented*

King's Answer to Address.

30 Geo. III.

23*- — 25°

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Mr. Secretary Grenville presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N* i. Copy of a Notice, published in the Quebec Gazette for Thursday, 12th February 1789, relating to the Importation of Corn and Grain into the Province of Quebec: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester to the Right honourable Lord;

dated Quebec, 14th February 1789: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester to the Right honourable Lord Sydney; dated Quebec, 14th March 1789: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester to the Right honourable Lord Sydney; dated Quebec, 11th April 1789: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester to the Right honourable Lord Sydney; dated Quebec, 6th June 1789: And also,

N° 6. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, allowing an additional Quantity of Grain and Flour, not exceeding 750 Quarters, to be exported, from the Port of Southampton, to the Island of Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants and of His Majesty’s Troops stationed there, up to the 25th of December 1789; dated 11th November 1789: And also,

N° 7. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, allowing an additional Quantity of 300 Sacks of Flour to be exported, from the Port of Southampton, to the Island of Guernsey, for the Use of the Inhabitants and of His Majesty’s Troops stationed there, up to the 25th of December 1789; dated 18th November 1789: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Average Prices of Corn and Grain in London, Counties Inland, Counties on the Coast, and North and South Wales, for Ten Weeks, ended oth January 1790; as ascertained in pursuance of the Statute of the 10th Geo. III. Ch. 39.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and' Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers and Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 25* die Januarii;

Anno 30° Georgii III. U Regis, 1790, Praters.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty on Saturday last, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you for your very loyal and dutiful Address. It is with great Satisfaction that I receive the repeated Expressions of your affectionate Attachment, and the Assurances of your continued Attention to those Objects Vol. 45.

which are essentially connected with the Happiness and Prosperity of My People.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Time limited

Private Bills after the 5th Day of March next. for receiving

J J PeUtions.

A Petition of William Henry , Esquire, Mr. Camp-

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, bell’s Petition That a small Part of the Road leading from the Town j£0^n"dp a of Sudbury, and the Parish of Shelf in the County p°ot p"thg of Suffolk, to the Parish of Foxearth, in the County of &c.

Essex, and also small Parts of the Foot Paths leading from the Parish of Melford, through the Park and Grounds of the Petitioner, to the said Parish of Fox-earth, are inconvenient in many Respects to the Petitioner, who is willing, upon Condition that the said Road and Foot Paths be shut up and discontinued, to take upon himself to make a good Road for Carriages and Horses, from a Farm House called now in the Occupation of Charles Favre, to the Entrance into a certain Field, called Adams's Ley, in the Occupation of John Adams, and likewise to make a good Foot Path from a Stile in a Field, called Three Acres, in the Occupation of Roger Moss, to the West Corner of a Field called Foxearth Meadow, the Property of the Petitioner, and to oblige himself, his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, to keep the said Road and Foot Way or Path in good and sufficient Repair, which Road and Foot Path will answer all the Purposes of the Road and Path intended to be shut up, and will be also advantageous to the Petitioner, and of no Inconvenience to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick. Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners of Estates, and Hackney Inhabitants, within the Parish of Hackney, in the Church I'eti-County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto unsubscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Church belonging to the said Parish is very ancient, much out of Repair, and very inadequate in Size to the Accommodation of the Inhabitants; and that it appears, on a Survey lately taken, that no material Enlargement can be made of the said Church without taking down, and re-building the same, and that, if it should be re-built on the present Foundation, it cannot be made to accommodate more than half the Number necessary to be provided for; and that the Scite of the present Churchj from its Proximity to the Turnpike Road, occasions great Obstructions thereon, more particularly since the opening of a Communication with Essex, and the Eastern Counties, by the Bridge over the River Lea, for all which Reasons it is expedient that a new Church, in a more convenient Situation, should be built; and that the present Church Yard, from the great Increase of Inhabitants, is become so full, as to make it absolutely necessary to take in more Ground to enlarge the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a’ Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do'

D examine

Schusler's Naf.Pcti-tion.

Coventry. Streets Petition.

Newport and Caerleon Bridges Petition.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr. Meimoar'ing, &c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Gottlob Gotthelff Schuster was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier and Mr. Cruger do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the City of , and its

Suburbs, for preventing Annoyances therein, and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have caused several Streets, and other public Passages within the Limits of the said Act, to be paved, lighted, and cleansed, and have made several Improvements, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and of all Persons resorting thereto; and that there are several public Roads leading through the said City and Suburbs, along which great Numbers of Carriages daily pass, and the Streets through which the said Roads lead are in many Parts very narrow, incommodious, and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and there are also several other Streets and Passages which are narrow and inconvenient to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass along the same, and no Power is given by the said Act to widen the said Streets or Passages; and that the Petitioners find the said Act defective in other Respects, and it is necessary that some Amendments and Alterations should be made therein, to enable them to improve the said City and Suburbs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening such Parts of the said Streets and other Places, as shall be necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of Travellers, and of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and for making such Amendments and Alterations in the scud Act as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Honse:

And it is referred to the Lord Eardley, Mr. JYilmot, &c.: And they are to meet To-motrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bridges over the River Uske, at Newport and ,in the County of Monmouth, are ancient Wooden Structures, narrow and incommodious, and so far decayed, that it is necessary to take down the same; and it would be beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said County, and of public Utility, if good and sufficient Bridges odf Stone, or other durable Materials, were to be erected at the said Places: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid., by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- London Peti-under signed, being Manufacturers of Tobacco and tion against Snuff in the Port of London, on Behalf of themselves the Tobac*. and others, was presented to the House, and read; Act*

Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof," the Petitioners are subjected to the Laws of Excise; and that the said Act exposes Mysteries in their Trade of inestimable Value, which have been received in Patrimony, purchased, or acquired by long and laborious Application and Experiment, and which have hitherto been considered exclusive Property: That as in those Articles alone which are mysterious, the fair Trader can maintain a Competition with the Smuggler, the Petitioners apprehend it will not only injure them, but eventually prove detrimental to the Revenue — That it imposes Rules and Regulations on the Manufacture of the Article, which, in some Cases, are impracticable, and which, in many, cannot be complied with, without rendering the Goods unfit for their Customers, and, in Consequence, subjects the Petitioners to heavy and inevitable Forfeitures and Penalties — That by directing the Manufacture of a Parcel to be completed before any Part thereof can be sent out or sold, the Petitioners are occasionally, for many Days, prevented supplying their Customers, though all the Time in Possession of the Goods which are wanted — That it debars Manufacturers, who are not in Ports of Importation, from disposing of such Goods as they cannot make use of in their own Manufacture, to the Manufacturers who are in Ports of Importation, and who are, perhaps, the only Persons they can sell them to, without sustaining a considerable Loss — That it obliges many Manufacturers to alter their Modes of Manufacture^ to the great additional Expence and Inconvenience of such Manufacturers, as well as imminent Danger of the Loss of their Trade — That it prohibits the Removal of some Articles in less Quantities than 20olbs. Weight, which, in most Cases, are more than the Petitioners, at one Time, can dispone of to their Customers — That, upon Exportation of the Article, it requires a Return of Papers which cannot always be obtained, and otherwise very much discourages our Foreign Commerce of the Commodity —

That it gives, Power to a malicious Officer to almost ruin the Business of any principal Manufacturer —

When executed in the most lenient Manner, occasions Delays and Interruptions quite inconsistent with the Nature of Trade, and, in Consequence, not only affords greater Latitude to the Smuggler, by enhancing the Price of the fair Dealer’s Goods, but has a Tendency to drive the Manufacture of the Article out of this Kingdom — That for these, and many other Reasons of Objection, as well as from a fall Persuasion that no Modification of the Act will, in the End, benefit the Revalue, or relieve the fair Trader firom the Competition of the Smugglers, the Petitioners therefore pray. That the said Act may be repealed; and that, by themselves and Counsel, in Proof of their Allegations, they may be hoard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

30 Geo. III. 25° — 26* 11

OM Bncken- Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, accord* ham Inclo* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the sore Bill Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish presente ^Buckenham,in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second tune.

Committee OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House

to consider of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Motion jq consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, ora uppy. a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be new

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Fosbrook A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Per-Road Peti- sons, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Fosbrook, in the Parish of ,through

and from thence to, Or near to, Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious in many Parts, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Means prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gamer, &c.: And they are to otoet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

" Morning next,* and inserting the Words " Thursday v Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Wednesday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider forther of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have Petitioas re-been presented to this House, complaining of the fcmd* present Circumstances of the Slave Trade to Africa, and desiring an Abolition or Regulations in the said Trade, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, be referred to the said Committee; and that such of the Petitioners as pray to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their respective Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence, taken Minute* of ki the last Session of Parliament, before the Committee ^,dr*"^’ed of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con- c're er sider of the Circumstances of the African Slave Trade, together with all Reports, Accounts, and Papers, which were referred to the said Committee, be referred to the Committee now appointed to consider further of the said Trade.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the ^orn ' Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain. w '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Slav* Trade The House was moved, That the Entries in the to be con- Journal of the House, of the 93d Day of June, in the sidered. last Session 0$ Parliament, of the Order then made, for discharging the Order of the Day for going into a Committee to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions, which were presented to the House in the preceding Session, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade; and, of the Resolution of the House thereupon, " That this House will, early in the next Session of " Parliament, proceed to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the " said Petitions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Vol. 45,

Mariis, 26° die Jamtarii;

Anno 30* Georgii in'11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were journed. not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Accounts

presented.

Prohibited East India Goads.

Naval Stores from Russia*

Whale Ships.

Stump Cross

Roads

Petition.

Wittlesford, was presented to the House) and read;

Setting forth. That the said Acts have been put in Execution for the Repair and Amendment of the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and,

and from to aforesaid, greatly to

the Advantage of the Public, in the performing whereof considerable Sums of Money have been ex*

THE House being informed that some of the pended, and a large Debt contracted, which now re* Commissioners of the Customs attended at the mains due on Mortgage of the Tolls; and that the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented Terms granted by the said Acts, and by the General to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts Turnpike Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of of Parliament, King G the Second, are near expiring, and the

N* l. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Debt cannot be paid off, and the said last mentioned imported into Saint Helen’s, and private Trade Ware- Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, houses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1788 to without the further Aid of Parliament, and it would Michaelmas 1789, what delivered out for Exportation be convenient to have the Powers and Authorities ne* during that Period, and what remained in the said cessary to be exercised for the several Purposes in the Warehouses at Michaelmas 1789: And also, said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relate to the

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and Cow-imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of bridge, and from to Wittlesfoi'd, comprized in

London, from Michaelmas 1788 to Michaelmas 17891 One Act; and that the Road from the said Turnpike also, what exported during that Time, and what re- Road at Shdford, to the London Road, which passes mained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1789: through Newton and Houston Mills to Cambridge, is And also, much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of of public Utility, if the same was put under the Care London, at Michaelmas 1788, what have been since and Management of the Petitioners, and others the brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Trustees for Repair of the Road from Stump Cross to Michaelmas 1789: And also, Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from She ford to

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited Wittlesford aforesaid: And therefore praying, That to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1788, what have the Terms of the said Acts, so far as the same relate been since brought in, what exported, as also, wheat to the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and remained at Michaelmas 1789: And also, Cambrid, and from Shel/'ord to Wittlesford, and for N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods the several other Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem Saint Helen’s, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom meet.

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1788, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have Consideration of a Committee: And that they do been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it 1789: And also, shall appear to them, to the House:

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from And it is referred to Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1788 they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the to Michaelmas 1789: And also, - Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the

Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1788 to Michaelmas 1789: A Petition of the Right honourable Basil Earl of Lutterwr

And also, Denbigh and Desmond, and the humble Petition of the Inclosurt

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which severed other Persons whos#Names are thereunto sub- Petition, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s scribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their Names and Commons within the Open and Common Fields, and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in what Port they were discharged, and also what Quan- the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, tity of Blubber each Ship imported, in the Year and read; Setting forth, That there are* within the said 1789. Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, and Com-

And then they withdrew, f monable Places, in which the Property of the Petitioners,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. and others, lie intermixed and dispersed, and it would

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. interested in the said Open and Common Fields and The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Commonable Places, if the same were divided and Papers of this Session. , inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several

Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing,

Excution certain Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields King George the First, and in the Third, Fifteenth, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King House shall seem meet.

George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Stump Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Cross, in the Parish of Chesterford, in the County of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Essex, to Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Mr. Pochin and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring Shdford to Wittlesford, in the County of Cambridge, in, the same, and from Foulmire, in the said County of Cambridge,

to the stud Town of Cambridge, and other Roads ad- A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Dorchester jacent to the said last mentioned Roads, so far as Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Ho ids the said Acts relate to the Road from Stump Cross to Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act *>em‘0iu Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Shelford to " for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and

V keeping

Mercurii, 27' die Januarii; Anno 308 Georgii III*" Regis, 1790. Praters.

Dibtfen In*

closure

Petition.

Linton In-

closure

Petition.

13

" keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the " Borough of Dorchester,in the County of Dorset,

" and for repealing so much of an Act, pussed in the " Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool " to the said Borough," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, but the Road by the said Act directed to be repaired (except so much thereof as leads from the Parish of Warmwell,through the Parishes of

Poxicell and Osmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Osmington, the Petitioners being discharged from the Repair thereof by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) cannot be sufficiently amended, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued, and the said Act amended and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lionel Damer, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Lord Malmesbury, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of or Persons interested in the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds are, in their present Situation, inconvenient to the Proprietors thereof, and the said Common Pastures and Waste Lands are, at present, of little Value, but if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons having Right of Common, or other Rights and Interests therein, io lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for' dividing and allotting the said intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sloane and Mr. Marshum do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Joseph F Esquire, William Fountaine, and John Lupton, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, called Low Field, Kellbotton, South Field, Langriggs, and Fore-Lands, and other small Fields, which lie intermixed and undivided, containing together about 50 Acres, and also a Stinted Pasture, Vox.. 45.

called Linton Pasture, containing by Estimation 480 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Joseph Fountaine, William Fountaine, and John Lupton, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Open Fields, and also Owners of the Cattle Gates on the said Stinted Pasture; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors,1 in the said Open Fields and Stinted Pasture, lie dispersed, and intermixed with each other, and are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, for which Reason it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Stinted Pasture, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report from whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Committee Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now received. Supply.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time j

Resolved, Nomine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Committee next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole appointed. House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimates, Navy for the Year 1790, with an Estimate of the Half Ac.ordered Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of >^lnary of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid avy' before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1790, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1790, Garrisons, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the \ ear 1790, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of Officers, the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1790, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- Chelsea Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1790, be Pensioners, laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, Services not and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this provided for. House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Disposition Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of Grants, of the Year 1789, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

E Ordered,

Estimate of Navy Debt ordered.

Accounts of

Exchequer

Bvllsordered.

Hackney Church Petition reported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mr. Alderman Xe ^eiur^ preSentfed to the House,. Schuler's

Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gottlob Nat. Bill

on the 31st Day of December 1789. Gottkeljf And the same was received; arid pr*8ent*^ Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to’ read the First Time.

His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this

House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts. A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Westminster

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving,

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, e on‘

Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. arid other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and’ other Parts therein mentioned, was pre-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made virtue of the said Acts, the Petitioners are authorized to out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of make Rates or Assessments upon the Inhabitants of the Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within cerSum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the tain Parishes within the Limits of the said Acts, for

" Service of the Year One thousand Severi hundred defraying the Expences of carrying the said Acts into

" and Eighty-nine." . Execution; but the Petitioners rind they have not, by

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the said Acts, sufficient Power to enforce the Payment Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made of the said Rates or Assessments in certain Streets, and out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of other Places, commonly called Optional Streets, and Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further that the said Acts are, in many other Respects, ineflecSum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the tual for the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

" and Eighty-nine." to amend and render effectual the said Acts, in such

Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Parish amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names shall appear to them, to the House: are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the And it is referred to Mr. Michael Angelo Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-appeared to them, to the House; and he read the ber, ana hhve Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Records, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

as followeth; viz. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee' of Rejfoh'dri'

To. prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. the whole House, to whom,it was referred to consider Cora LaWs. William Blackburn, a Surveyor, being examined, of the Laws relating to the Importation arid Exportation said, That the Church belonging to the said Parish of Corn and Grain, be now received, is very ancient, and much out of Repair, and very Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Corn-inadequate in Size for the Accommodation of the mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to Inhabitants — That the Tower, being a Part of the move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Hill Building, is very ancient; and as the Church is pro- for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned1 ‘ cposed to be taken down, and built in another Place, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders it will be expedient to take down the Tower also. — of Council respecting the Importation arid Exporta-And he added, That no material Enlargement can be tion of Corn and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued' made of the Church, if rebuilt on its present Scite: by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in

Then, America, and for preventing Suits in consequerice of

John Withers, Esquire, being examiried, said, That the same, and for making further Provisions relative in case the Church should be rebuilt on its present thereto.

Foundation, there will not be Room for the Accommo- And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

dation of Half the Inhabitants who would usually Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ^ornJI?fem

attend — That the Church and Church Yard being for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned ^dered.

so near to the Turnpike Road occasions great Ob- in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders

structions and Accidents, by the Stoppage of Carriages of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation

going to and from the Church; for which Reasons the of Com and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued

Witness is of Opinion that a new Church ought to be by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Coloriies

built on a new Scite, in a more convenient Situation, in America, and for preventing Suits in consequence

for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, with a of the same, and for making further Provisions relative

Tower, proper Ornaments, Appendages, and Requi- thereto: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General,

sites for doing the Parish Business: And, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in,

The Reverend Mr. Jelenger Symons inforrned your the same.

Committee, That the present Church Yard, from the great Increase of the Inhabitants, is become too small The Order of the Day being read;

for the Use of the Parish, and has been so for some The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee

Years past. whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances on STa^e

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in ai Bill for of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Pe- Trade, taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the titions which have been presented to this House, relative Parish of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and to the State of the African Slave Trade, for building another Church and Tower for foe Use Mr. Speaker left the Chair, of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Church Yard, belonging the reto: and that Mr. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Mairrwaring, and Mr. Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That he Alderman Wilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when same. the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Committee for examining Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Papers referred.

OVdeted, That theitepost' Ke now received.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, That He was directed by the Committee td ihove the House, that, in order to facilitate the Progress of this Committee in the Matters referred to them, the House will be pleased to appoint a Committee for the Purpose of taking- the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And Mr. Burges moved the House accordingly.

Ordered^That, in order to facilitate the Progress of the said Committee in the Matters referred to them, a Committee be appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. force, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Penhryn, Mr. Secretary Grenville, Mr. John Scott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sloane, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Mar sham, Sir William Mr. Alderman

Newnhart}, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge, Mr. William Smith, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir Charles Middleton, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cruger, Mr. Burke, Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Blackburne, Mr. , Sir John

Trevelyan, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Alderman Le Mr. Eliot, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Deoaynes, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Gamon, Mr. Burges, Mr. Estwick, Mr. Rooke, Mr. Henniker, General Burgoyne, Mr. MolyneMr. Whitbread, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Windham, Mr. Grigby, Mr. the Lord Muncaster, Sir William Young; and all the Gen-

tlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland \Durham, York, . Nor-

folk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnaivon, Anglesey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee do, from Time to Time, report the Minutes of such Examination to the House.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, Minutes of Evidence, Reports, Accounts, and Papers, which have been referred to the said Committee of the whole House, be transferred to the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. Burges also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee of the whole House to move, that they may have Leave to sit

again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Renfrew, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Glasgow, fee. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Renfrew, Glasgow, Rutherglen, and Dumbarton, in the room of the Right honourable Ilay Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, who, since his Election for the said. District Vol. 45.

of Burghs, hath accepted' the Office of Lord President of the CoUrt of Session in Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4

Jovis, 28" die Jianuarii; Anno so* Georgii I. IIlU Regis, 1790.

PrayUrs.

QOTTLOB Golthelff Schtwler took the Oaths ap- Schuster pointed, in order to his1 Naturalization. sworn.

The House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, House adit appeared that Forty Members were not present; joumed. yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 29* Januarii; Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, Answer to That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Addregs- Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lists, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Bi'itain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 3G5 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 36 5 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1790.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1790, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Pragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from the 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the

Secretary

Estimates presented- -

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

Gen1 and Gen1 Staff Officers.

Troops in East India.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, &c.

Supernumerary Officers.

Difference between British and Irish Establishments.

Half Pay.

Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1790: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, from the 25th December 1789 to the 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1790: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1790: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1790: And also, Estimate of the Charge of a Corps of Foot for Service in New South Wales, under the Command of Major Francis Grose, from the 5th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 203 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1790.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates1 are as followeth; viz.

Half Pay.

Corps for New South Wales.

Recruiting Land Force*, &c.

g

cg

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

eg

FT

<1

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great , Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 178910

*, 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

Horse - -

Dragoons :<

Light ( Dragoons:

Foot Guards:

First Regiment of Life Guards -Second Ditto - '

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

'First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons -Lieut. Gen. Johnstone’s -Lord Southampton’s Lord Howard’s ... Lieut. General Johnstone’s

''Sir Henry Clinton’s Lieut. General Pitt’s General Hodgson’s Lord Heathfield’s -Major General Harcourt’s

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Ditto -Third Ditto -

Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officer* and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. TOTAL.

f £ e. d. £. s. d. £ s- d. £. s. d. r £ s. d. £.

234 — m - m - - - 20,394 9 2

20,151 2 6

319 78 5 - - - - 26,054 18 4 66,600

336 m 15,291 15 3 1,712 5 — 339 — 41 558 17,901 — 7 i

225 m — 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 — — 12,228 17 5

225 - - 10,486 15 3 ’ 1,141 10 — 22S 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

226 - 10,523 5 3 1,147 16 9 J 228 19 9 i 372 12,272 1 9*

225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 37 2 12,228 17 5

225 - 10,486 .15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372. 12,228 17 5

22^ 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

225 3,037 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5 164,690

1,649 - w m - - - m - - - 46,153 2 —

1,058 - - - - 29,931 l7 10

3,765 29,986 12 10 106,071

d.

GO

O

O

w

o

O

a

Si

00

to £

3.5

g 8-

n

g

CQ

l-h

n'

CD

CL

CT

CD

o

o

ft

z

t -i

v> 9- o x

5 *» g.

o-

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, — continued.

Foot -

CORPS, Numl jers. Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. TOTAL.

r \ £. s. d. £. $. d. X s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Lieut. General Hall’s - - 467 - 8,368 4 71 1,351 2 5i l8l 11 3 T 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Prince Edward’s - - - 467 - 8,505 6 5 1,351 2 5 i ]82 15 7i 540 15 — .10,579 19 6

General Armstrong’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 71 1,351 2 5i l8l 11 3i 540 15 ~ 10,441 13 4

Major General Picton’s m 467 - 8,368 4 7 1,351 2 51 181 11 3t! 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Lieut. General Morrison’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 7* 1,351 2 5 j 181 11 3 T 540 15 " 10,441 13 4

Major General O’Hara’s - - 467 m m 8,368 4 7 I 1,351 2 5 l8t 11 3* 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Major General Grenville’s - - - 467 - - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5 i 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Earl of Harrington’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 71 1,351 2 5 i l8l 11 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

] Lieut. General Clarke’s - 467 m m 8,368 4 7\ 1,351 2 5 T 181 11 3 T, 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Earl Cornwallis’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5i l8l ii 3 T; 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Lord Frederick Cavendish’s - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5 T l8l 11 3 T 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Lieut. General Fletcher’s m m - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5i 181 11 3t 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Sir John Dalling’s ... - - 467 *> 8,368 4 7k 1,351 2 5 T 181 11 34 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Sir Hector Munro’s - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5 T l8l 11 3 T 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Lieut General Rainsford’s - - - 467 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5t l8l 11 34 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

Lieut General Elphinstone’s - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5 T l8l 11 34 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

_Lieut General Grant’s - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 k 1,351 2 5 T 181 11 34 540 15 — 10,441 13 4

7,030 177 6zt6 12 IO

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids - . — _ / > , j if 1,620 27,077 8 9 2,299 10 866 17 — 2,880 1 -T — A i 1 1 1 A V 33,123 15 9

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle - - - 302 - - 782 2 - - - 55 — 29,592 6 7 i 30,429 8 10

Total - - - 17,448 310,643 17 5 k 41,467 5 5 7,037 6 1 1 17, M9 15 — - - £ 578,562 14 1

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

00

to

CO

o

si

a

CO

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1789

to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

o

cq‘

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

(S

FT

<; - O & CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants. T

£ s. d. <£ $ d «£. s. d. £. s. d. £ Si 1

Lieut. General Burgoyne's Regiment of Foot - 467 - 8,368 4 7 i i,35i 2 51 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Major General Stopford’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 7 i 1,351 2 5 i f8i 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Lieut. General Baugh’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 7 f i,35i 2 5i 181 11 3* 540 15 — 10,441 13

Sir Robert Murray Keith’s ----- - 467 - 8,368 4 7i i,35i 2 5i 181 3 I 540 15 — 10,441 13

Colonel Hotham’s ----- --- 467 8,368 4 7 1 i,35i 2 5 i 181 11 3* 540 15 — 10,441 13

General Grteme’s ----- --- 467 - 8,368 4 7i i,35i 2 5 i 181 ll 3* 540 15 — 10,441 13

Sir William Erskine’s - 467 - 8,368 4 7* i,35i 2 , 5 i 181 11 3 i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Major General Roy’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 7 1 i,35i 2 5i 181 11 3 f 540 15 — 10,441 13

Major General Adeane’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 7 i i,35T 2 5 i 181 11 3 i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Lieut. General Frederick’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 7 1 i,35i 2 5 i 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Lieut. General Campbell’s - - - 467 - 8,368 4 71 i,35i 2 5 I 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions - 1,869 - 33,713 16 5 5,404 9 9 72S 7 8 2,163 — 42,00s 13 1

Major General Gunning’s ----- - 467 - 8,368 4 7 5 i,35i 2 5 k 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Lieut. General Gabbett’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 7 I i,35i 2 5i 181 ] 1 3 i 540 15 — 10,441 13

Lieut. General Browne’s ----- -- 467 - 8,368 4 71 i,35i 2 51 181 11 3i 540 15 — 10,441 13

8,407

GARRISONS, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape

Breton, St. John’s in Newfoundland, Placentia in Ditto, [

and St. John’s Island ——

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent's, and Dominica m

Officers serving with the Forces in North America and the

West Indies -

Officers of Hospitals serving in Notth America and the

West Indies - - - m m - - - - m

TOTAL.

d.

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

10

4

4

4

d.

188,192 — 6

5,675 13 8 2,195 10 3

13,000 4 —

5,064 7 6

rs

30 Geo. III. 29°

13

n>

P CO

o' 3

P*

to

o

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, — continued.

D

cq"

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

w

rT

CORPS

GIBRALTAR:

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion Lieut. General Jones’s ——

Lieut. General Smith’s ——

Sir John Sebright’s -

Lord George Lennox’s ——

Earl of Ross’s - -

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson’s -

Sir David Lindsay’s ——

General Lambton’s ——

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c.

NEW SOUTH WALES: Major Grose’s Corps - -

Total

War Office,

29th January 1790.

Numbers.

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

4,203

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

d*

8,128

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

6

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

8 I 7 £ 7£ 71 7 I 7f 7 i 71 7 i

319

12,929

4,714 7 6

230,656 12 41

Clothing of Non-Comm issioned Officers and Private Men.

£. s.

L351

1.351

1.351

1.351

1.351

1.351

1.351

1.351

1.351

2

2

5 i 5 i

2 51 2 51

2

2

2

2

O

5 i 5i 5 I 5 i 5i

884 2 1

37,364 7 11

Agency.

j£. s. d.

179 8 8 J 181 11 3*

181 11 181 ti 181 11 181 .11 181 11 181 11 181 11

3* 3 3 I 3i 34 34 31

88 a 7 {

4,99° 6 111

Allowances t<? Captain s, Pay masters Surgeons, and Serjeants.

£. s. d.

540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 —

447 15

15,048 —

Geo. Y

TOTAL.

£. t. d.

10,199 12 10

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

£. s. d.

93,732 19 6 3,5542 13 4

6,13 4 7 3

3i/,549 16 —

to

<0

o

<0

30 Geo. III.

29° Janu

21

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great,

for the Year 1790.

General and Staff Officers.

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both! „ ? ~

inclusive, being 365 Days - - - - -J *' ’4 ®

War Office,

29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

and Nine Regiments of Foot,; 365 Days. East India Troops*

Charge* TOTAL.

s. d. 1 s. d.

10,710 12 9i

2,296 5 3i

231 —

427 16 —

- - 13>665 14 1 io£

13,970 1 3

2,453 — 41

248 16 2 1

752 - — — - '

- - 17,42.3 17 9*

13,713 - 7 1

2,453 . — 41

246 10 61

752 — —

17,164 11 6f

- - 17,164 11 .

- - 17,164 11

- - . 17,164 11 6 i

- - 17,164 11 6i

- - - 17,164 11 6 k

- - - 17,164 11 6*

17,164 11 6*

- £ 168,406 5 —

Sir William Howe’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive.

Pay

Numbers.

Clothing

Agency

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master -

Total for this Regiment -

Major General Gordon’s Regiment of Foot.

Pay - -

Clothing ——

Agency - - . -

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon

Total for this Regiment -

Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot.

Pay....

Clothing ——

Agency Allowances, as above

Total for this Regiment

General Trapaud’s - - the same

Major General Murray’s - the same

Major General Medows’s - the same

Sir Archibald Campbell’s - the same Colonel Abercrombie’s - the same

Colonel Musgrave’s - - the same

Colonel Marsh's - - the same

Total

903

902

902

902

902

902

902

902

902

415

8,119

8,534

War Office,

29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent or to be sent to the East Indies on the Requisition of the said Company. — This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of’ the Additional recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of 11,435/. 12*. 10 \d.;which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

Vol. 4

G

ESTIMATE

East India Troops.

Paymaster General, &c.

22

29° Jcinuarii. . 1790.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in,

and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe’s Regiment of Light Dragoons. Pay of Additionals ... Clothing -Agency -

Total -

Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot, One Company.

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Clothing for Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain -

In all, for One Company General Trapand’s Regiment - - the same

Major General Gordon’s - - the same

Major General Murray s - - the same

Major General Meadows’s - - the same

Sir Archibald Campbell’s - - the same

Colonel Abercrombie’s - - - the same

Colonel Mtisgrave’s - the same

Colonel Marsh’s - the same

Total -

Numbers.

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

486

494

Charge.

368

44

3

s.

4

14

8

d.

— i 4i 5 i

968 19

lO

197

38

8 — I 14 5

5 —

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

£. s. d.

416 6 10 £

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

1,224 7 4

11,435 12 lOf

ES T I A T.IJ of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; ' to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate.General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1790.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, See. Fees at the Exchequer -Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, &c. Commissary General of the Musters, and D* Judge Advocate General -Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army -

Total for Officers

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry upon Account -

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Total - -

Geo. Yonge.

- £. s. d. 17,782 10 — 12,000 9,977 3 5 4,482 — 10 2,289 5 9 5,103

- - 51,634

- 11,642 5 8

£- 63,276 5 8

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

Supernumerary Officers#

Horse

Grenadier

Guards.

Dragoons.

Foot

Invalids.

1 1

41st Regiment, of Foot or Invalids.

£. s. d.

''l Lieutenant Colonel - . - - m 547 10 —

.2 Majors - - each ,£.456. 5. — 912 10 —

4 Lieutenants and Captains - - each 355. 17. 6. 1,423 10 —

2 Guidons and Captains - each 337- 12. 6. 675 5 —

6 Sub Lieutenants - each 228. 2. 6. 1,368 15 —

2 Adjutants - - each 173- 7. 6. 346 15 —

2 Chaplains - - each 121. ]3* 4- 243 6 8

2 Surgeons - - each 146. — — 292 —

2 Riding Masters - each 45- 12. 6. 91 5 ~

5,900 OO

Agent - " - - 80

Deputy Provost Marshal - - - 25 —

l Captain -1 Major and Captain

1 Major and Captain -

2 Captains

l Lieutenant

- each 172. 17. 6.

Agency

Lieut. Colonel and Captain Major and Captain -5 Captains -

9 Lieutenants -

8 Ensigns -1 Adjutant- -

1 Quarter Master 1 Surgeon -1 Mate -

Allowances! 7 CaptJaihfe' -to \ Surgeon

Agency e&: £‘. 86.

685 14 9

- 17 2 10*

291 6 — *

- - - - 25? — n

- each 171. 7. 1. 856 15 5

- each 79* *9- 4. 719 14 —

- each 62. 16. 7*. 502 12 10

- - - - 68 10 10

- - - 79 19 4

68 10 10

59 19 5i

2,904 9 4*

fa _ - 25 15 7

560. ——

82. 2. 6.

T6*ai/ -

Charge for 365 Days.

259 6 3 345 15 — 80 13 6

642 2 6

- £<

d.

6,005 16 8 267 19 if

259 6 3

702 17 7f

3,572 7 5i

10,808 7 i$

War Office,

29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo l.45.

ESTIMATE

29° Januarii.

A. 1790

Difference between British and Irish Establishments.

Half Pay.

ESTIMATE, of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. Difference.

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regimfent of Foot, 1st Battalion.

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, £. s. d. £. s. d.

and Private Men - - - - 467 8,368 4 7*

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private

Men - - - i,35i 2 5*

Agency - 181 11 3*

Allowances to Captains, Surgeon, Paymaster, and

Serjeants ----- -- - 540 15 —

10,441 13 4

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - - 9,263 14 9

i,i77 18 7

.Lieutenant General Leslie's, the same - 467 ... 1,177 18 7

Major General Hyde’s, the same - 467 - 1,177 18 7

General Murray's, the same - - 467 - 1,177 18 7

Lieutenant General Tayler’s, the same - 467 - 1,177 18 7

Major General Tonyn’s, the same - - - 467 - 1,177 18 7

Lieutenant General Maitland’s, the same - - - - 467 - 1,177 18 7

Total Difference to be made good - - - 3,269 & 5 «£ 8,245 10 l

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1790.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1789 to the 24th December 1790, inclusive ——

Allowance to One Officer of the Reduced Horse ----- c£‘, 45 12 6

For Allowances to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of

Horse Guards, at 10/. per Annum each - - - - 50-

For Allowances to Ten Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d.per Diem each 106 9 2

£. s. d. 162,797 18 4

202 1 8

163,000 ——

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Half Pay.

American Forces, for the Year 1790.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive ——

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum ——

In all -

£. s. d.

55,092 10 — 4,907 10 — Co,000 ——

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Gw. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service Ditto,

of the States General for the Year 1790.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790 ——

£. s. d.

3,392 14 2

War Office, 29th January 1790,

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Corps of Foot for Service in New South Wales, under the Command of Now South Major Francis Grose, from the 5 th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of‘December following, both inclusive, Walo*. being 203 Days.

Numbers.

Charge.

Major* Grose’s Corps of Foot;

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men, from 5th June 1789 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 203 Days -Clothing of the Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men, for the same Time Agency for the same Time ——

Allowances to the Captain, Surgeon, Paymaster, and Serjeants, for the same Time ——

319

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Total

- -

Geo. Yonge.

£. s. d. 2,621 19 4( 491 14 2

49 — 4

24 — 51

3,4H 14 4

Vox.. 45.

II ESTIMATE

29° JamiariL

A. 1790.

Recruiting.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills presented.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, send of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1790.

For Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 1790, upon Account -For the Contingencies of the said Forces for the same Time, upon Account -

Total

War Office, 29th January 1790.

Geo. Y

£ d’

40,000 ——

24,500 ——

- -£.

64,500 — —

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " Eighty-nineAnd also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Mon*y, by Loans or Exchequer Bins, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-nine."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, amount to the Sum of

Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 29th Day of January 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, amount to the Sum of - - - - Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 29th Day of January 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

Ordered, *

Burton Leonard Inclosure Bill presented.

Bierbaum’s Nat. Petition.

Bristol

Church

Petition.

Member added to bring in Pointon Inclosure Bill.

Pointon Inclosure Bill presented.

11 are wood

inclosure

Petition.

29° Janu.

27

Estimation, about 900 Acres; and that the said Edwin is Lord of the said Manor, and, as such, entitled to the Soil and Royalties of the said oors. Commons, or Waste Grounds, and is also Impropriator of the Tythes of the Parish of aforesaid, and

as surviving Trustee, in a Deed of Settlement, hearing Date the 2 2d Day of July 1731, and made, by John , Esquire, in Trust for the Church of Harewood aforesaid,- is entitled to the Great and Small Tythes thereby settled upon the said Church, by the said John A Petition of Julius George Bierbaum was presented , Yearly renewing out of certain Farms, which

to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be are entitled to Right of Common on the said Moors, given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. Commons, or Waste Grounds; and that the Reverend

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Christopher Jackson is Vicar of the Parish Church of according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Harewood aforesaid, and the said Edwin Lascelles, and

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Buncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart and Sir John JVodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Feoffees of certain Estates and Hereditaments applicable, amongst other

several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common on the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, are not, in their present Uses, to the Repairs of the Church of the Parish of Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied

to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, and if the Tythable Lands and Tenements were exempted from the Payment of Tythes, upon Compensation being made for the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in such Manner ds to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Mr. John Smyth do prepare.

Saint Thomas, in the City of Bristol, and also of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church belonging [to the said Parish is in a very ruinous State, and incapable of being repaired, and that, when the same shill be taken down for the Purpose of re-building it, it is probable that it will be necessary likewise to re-build the Tower which is contiguous thereto; and that, there being no Fund adequate to the Expence thereof, the same cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down, and bring in, the same, and re-building, the said Church and Tower, or so much thereof as may be necessary, in such Manner, A Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occu- Ouse Nsvi-

and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall piers of Land adjoining to the River Ouse, in the £ation ^eti*

seem meet. County of Sussex, and of divers other Persons inte- Lewes to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the rested in the Navigation of the said River, was pre- Cuckfield.)

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

mine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall Navigation of the said River, is, in several Places, much appear to them, to the House. obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, and the

And it is referred to Mr. Cruger, Mr. Phelips, &c.: River is, in many Places, so shallow as to render it

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at very inconvenient for the conveying of Goods and Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Merchandize thereon; and that it would be of great have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Public Utility to improve, continue, and extend the

Navigation of the said River, from Lewes Bridge, at Ordered, That Mr. Marsham be added to the Gen- the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Cuckfield, apd the several Branches of the said River,

Right honourable John Lord Monson, Lord of the all in the County of Sussex: And therefore praying,

Manor of Pointon, in the County of Lincoln, and the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for im-humble Petition of several Persons whose Names are proving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable the said River Ouse from Lewes Bridge, at the Town Houses and Toftsteads, and of old inclosed Lands, of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, within the Parish of Pointon aforesaid. and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of Pointon, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Aldridge, Lord George Henry Lenox, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edwin Lascelles, Esquire, and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Manor

and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York, was Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed for Additional presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Wit- Powers to there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several nesses as shall be produced on the part of the several large and extensive Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the of th* Slavs called Dunkeswick Common, Huby Common, Wtscoehill Abolition of the Slave Trade, have Leave to sit not- Trad*.

Common, and Weeton Green, containing together by withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Vol. 4 $. Ordered,

Corn Indem* nity Bill presented.

Ordnance.

29* Janua

A. 1790.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Old Bucken-

Fens and Waste Lands, within the Parish of ham Inclo-

Buckenham, in the County of , was read a sure B.lH,

c , rp- committed,

second lime.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Sir John

IVodehouse, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to permit the Petitioners against the Abolition of the Slave Trade to appear, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, for the Purpose of examining such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the said Petitioners in support of their Petitions.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance

to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1790 — Land Services

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders,

and not provided for by Parliament; —

On Account of Debt to 31st December 1783:

Paid Debts incurred previous to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period ..... ——

On Account of 1788:

BERMUDA:

Pay of an Engineer, Draughtsman, and Civil Officer, and for Contingencies

£. s. d. 556 7 2

498 19 4

1,831 3 6

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies -

SAINT CHRISTOPHER:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

DOMINICA:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

GRENADA:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

FOR THE NAVY:

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences, incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Fleet, beyond the Allowance for Sea Service, on the Vote for 18,000 Seamen for 1788 -

- 5,156 2 3

5,826 8 3

£ s. d. 1,575 4 3

13,869 — 6

15,444 4 9

23,795 16 7

39,240 1 4

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1790.

L AN D SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and £, s. d.

Attendants, employed at the Tower - - - 15,498 8 —

And at the following Places; viz.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - - 2,076 5 —

Inspector of Artillery at D®, and for proving Guns - - 1,377 12 6

Superintendant of Military Machines at D® - - - 310 5 —

Hampton Court, and St. James’s, Windsor' and Greenwich - 226 -

Woolwich - - 570 ——

Purfleet - -- 541 5 —

Gravesend and Tilbury - - - - 255 -

Chatham - -- 663 17 6

Upnor Castle - -- -- - 144 15 —

Sheerness - -- 380 ——

Feversham - 460 ——

Dover - - - 120 -

Portsmouth ----- --- - 823 17 6

Priddy’s Hard - -- -- - 243 17 6

Plymouth - -- 653 17 6

Keyham Point - - 170 ——

Waltham Abbey - 523 17 6

{Pendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford’s Fort, Hull,

Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort ----- 430 — —

Guernsey - -- 448 2 6

Jersey - - - 448 2 6

Isle of Man.....- - - 166--

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ----- -- - 554 17 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

«£. 27,086 ——

North Britain Gibraltar

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at -

Jamaica ——

Antigua ——

St Christopher -

Dominica - -

Barbadoes ——

St. Vincent ——

Grenada - - - .

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

Halifax -

New Brunswick -

St. John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same, at the several Barracks, Forts, Casttes, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty

of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey,®and Jersey -....

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

d.

13,543 -

554 10 --1,381 7 6 200 15

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 — —

219 ——

861 15 — 680 10 — 629 12 6

1,058 10 —

3,416 17 6

18.000 ——

15.000 ——

4,379 4 7

6.000 ——

2.000 ——

10,402 10 -

Vol. 45.

Pay

Ordnance.

Ordnance.

A. 1790.

£. s. d.

29° yanaarii.

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,730 Men, Officers s. d.

included ----- - - -- 111,069 10 —

Pay of Bombardiers, and First Gunners, still remaining on the War Establishment .....- --- - 1,575 11 8

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pav of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows tensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants ——

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees On the Sum of 457,447 /. 18$. gd. being the Amount of this Estimate ——

Ordinary - -

112,645 1 8

2.327 15 — 2,025 15 —

20,044 »4 5

882 ——

219,756 18 2

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, £. s. d.

and Contingencies - -- - 4,000----

For Fuel for the Troops ----- - 1,500---

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

NEW BRUNSWICK:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

QUEBEC:

For Current Servifce, and Contingencies ----- -- 3,000 — —

For a Supply of Stores ----- ---- - 2,675 14 1

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - -

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

5,500 ——

4,000 ——

4,000

5,675 14 1

600 ——

2,500 — —

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications at Brimstone Hill ——

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department

DOMINICA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department

For the Fortifications in Prince Rupert’s Bay -

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department

BARBADOES:

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications near Bridge Town ——

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department

ST. VINCENT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications near the Town ——

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department -

i,qoo ——

1,000 ——

1.000 ——

- 8,000 ——

1.000 ——

10,000 ——

1,000 ——

- 8,000 ——

- 1,000 ——

10,000 ——

1.000 -

8.000 -

10,000 ——

1.000 -

8.000 ——

1.000 ——

10,006 ——

GRENADA:

30 Geo. Ill

29" Januarii.

31

GRENADA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department - 1,000-

For the Fortifications near George Town ----- -- 8,oooo-

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department - - 1,000---

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 4,492 10 10

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works - - - 14,707 9 2

For excavating the Rock, and proceeding* with the Souterrain Batteries,

and their Communications - - 2,000 ——

Blowing and breaking Stone for Lime, Carriage of Stone, Coals, Culm,

Lime, &c. attending the Kiln, and making Mortar - 2,000 ——

For the Ordinary Repairs of the Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses,

and Magazines - - - - 3,000 ——

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department - - - 2,000 ——

For Contingencies in the Storekeeper’s Department ----- 1,800 ——

For a Supply of Stores ---- - - 10,000 ——

ISLE OF MAN: For Repairs, and Current Service -

JERSEY:

For the Purchase of Lands for fortifying St. Hillier’s Hill 1,000 ——

In further Part of the Charge for Storehouses and Barracks - 2,000 ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 962 — 10

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other

Places in the Island ----- ---- - 3,000--

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 962 — 10

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies

C s. d.

10,000 ——

40,000 — —

400 — —

3,962 — 10

3,962 — 10

6,000 ——

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

CINQUE PORTS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

500 ——

2,500 ——

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockhamwood, and Howness, Current Service,

and Contingencies - -- - 6,500 -

Towards the Reveting Townshend’s Redoubt - - - 1,000 -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,924 1 8

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works -

9,424 1 8

2,000 ——

2,000 —

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs, and for erecting Watchhouses, Magazines, Ovens, and Refining Houses for Sulphur, Platforms, and a House for Fire Engines, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

5.6S4 ’9 9

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various

Places in the Division ----- -- 4,000--

In further Part of the Charge for completing the Works round the

Common ----- ----- - - 1,500--

In further Part of the Charge for building an additional Powder Magazine

at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for the Use of the Navy - - 2,000-

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - - -- - 1.924 1 8

9.424

8

Vol. 45.

GOSPORT:

Ordnance.

Ordnance.

Committee of Supply.

29° Janua

GOSPORT:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines -In further Part of the Charge to continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

1,000 ——

1,000 — —

1,924 1 8

A. 1790.

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel at Plymouth; and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw’s Castles, and at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

7,000 ——

1,924 1 8

1,000 — i,924 1

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers ——

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For Repairs of Buildings, and various Utensils for carrying on the Royal Manufactory of Gunpowder, Current Service, and Contingencies - -

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons -

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

3,924

For Contingencies

SALT PETRE:

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Unprovided

Extraordinaries - 198,450 19 3

Ordinary - - - 219,756 18 2

Ordinary and Extraordinaries - - L 418,207 17 5

' Debt to 31st December 1783 L L575 4 3

1788 — Land Service - < - 13,869 — 6

15,444 4 9

.1788 — Sea Service 23,795 16 7

39,240 1 4

457,447 18 9

8.924 1 8

2.924 1 8

2.000 — —

3,045 15 5 2,500 ——

6.000 — —

9.000 — — -

Office of Ordnance, 29th January 1790.

W. Hoax.

G. C. Berkeley. J. Aldridge.

G. Craafurd. Tho. Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he, was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

30 Geo. III. 29° Januarn. — 1° Februarii. 33

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Papers re* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the lating to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Sresented* ' Export of a Committee of the General As-

presen . sembly of the Island of Barbadoes upon the several v Heads of Enquiry, &c. relative to the Slave Trade, received from John Brathwaite, Esquire, Agent for the said Island: And also,

N° 2. Letter from Mr. Burges, inclosing Translation of a Portuguese Law of the Year 1648, relative to the Treatment of Slaves, &c. received from the Honourable Robert Walpole, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to her most Faithful Majesty; and also inclosing Extract of a Letter from George Baldwin, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul General in Egypt, transmitting a Memorial on the Subject of the Slave Trade carried on there: And also,

N° 3. Translation of the above-mentioned Portuguese Law: And also,

N* 4- Extract of the said Letter from Mr. Baldwin, inclosing a Memorial on the Subject of the Slave Trade: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the said Memorial.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee who are appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

House to the Trial of Warren Esquire, in

Westminster Hall.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- nierbaum's ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Julius George Nilt- Bl1' Bterbaum: And the same was received; and read the Presente First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Petition in of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, Favour of and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find streets*BilI-Application hath been made to the House for Leave and for ad-’ to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, made in the ditional Pro-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vision, paving, lighting, and cleansing the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs, for preventing Annoyances therein, and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there, and for making other Improvements in the said City and Suburbs; and Alledging, That it would be of Benefit and Safety to all Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said City and Suburbs, if effectual Provision was made for widening such of the Streets and other public Passages therein as are narrow and inconvenient, and for making proper Foot Paths in certain Parts thereof, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other public Passages, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances in and near the same: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be permitted to be brought in for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to w hom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs, for preventing Annoyances therein, and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it slia.ll appear to them, to the House.

Luna 1° die Februarii; Anno 30* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

The Lords A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and will proceed xV Mr. Pepys:

Insto^Mr Mr. Speaker,

Hastings's* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday, the 8th Day of this Instant February, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Managers Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Mr. Sheridan,

appointed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, make good Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Michael of impeach! -Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, General ment against Mr. George Augustus North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Mr. Hastings, patrick, Mr. Roger Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, Sir James Erskine St. Clair, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Orders re- Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the specting Mr. 6th Day of February 1788, be observed every Day Trial*18* *hat the House shall go as a Committee of the whole Vot. 45.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Leicester thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing an Act passed in the e l* Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and WelfordTurnpike Road, in the Counties " of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to " the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of ," was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress hi repairing and widening the said Road, and have incurred a considerable Debt on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. HungeMr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

K Mr.

Dibden Inclosure Bill presented.

Harewood Inclosure Bill presented.

Newport and Caerleon Bridges Petition reported.

Linton Inclosure Bill presented.

Schusler’s Nat. Bill committed.

Report Supply.

Seamen.

1° Februarii. A, 1790.

Mr. Shane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands ana Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Pennyman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called wick Common, Huby CommonWescoehill Common, and JVeeton Green, within the Manor and Parish of Hare-wood, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Monmouth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with, in respect to the Notice directed to be affixed on the Door of the Sessions House of the County; but that there was not Time to call a County Meeting after it was found necessary to apply to Parliament, so as to give the Notices within the Time required, the County Meeting being held on the 18th of September, and the Notices were given in The Gloucester Journal of the 28th of September, and the 5 th and 12th of last; and

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Bridges over the River Uske, at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Monmouth,are ancient Wooden Structures,

narrow and incommodious, and so far decayed that it is necessary to take them down, and rebuild them of Stone or other durable Materials.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Bridges over the River Uske, at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Monmouth: And that Mr. Morgan, General Rooke, and the Marquis of Worcester, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Gotthbb Gotthelff Schuster* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Cruger, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety, including Three thousand Eight hundred and Sixty Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum for That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Scamen-Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally, put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Committee Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and

whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising p0in°edap* the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marine Mu-the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while tinyBiUor-on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hopkins, and dered-the Lord Hood, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^"be^oiTT* House, to consider of the Duties payable upon Tin derej COim* exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Members Mr. Sumner, be added to the Committee who are ap- added f° pointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of on the Abo-such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the lition of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against Slave Trade, the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Supply. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Accounts of Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in ®*'heiuer the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for BlUsre erre " raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-nine," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to, His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from Richmond the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Bridge Ca»h Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Accounts the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Presented-Parliament,

A Paper,

30 Geo. III. le — 2° Februarii. 35

A Paper, intituled, Richmond Bridge Cash Account, 1788:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, 1789."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2* die Februarii Anno 30* Georgii fll,u Regis, 1790.

PltA Y ERS.

Pointonin- A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Common closure Bill i\. Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of committed. Pointon, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

thorne, Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Corn Indem- A Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been nity concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, cer-

comnutted. Qr(jers of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kensington, A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Chelsea, and an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several tition. Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Hyde Park Comer to Counter's Bridge, and several other Roads adjoining or near to the same, are, by the said Act, put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, with Power to light and water certain Parts only of the said Roads, and to pave the Carriage Way of the High Street, in the Town of Kensington, ana Provision is made, by the same Act, for paving the Foot Paths on the Sides of the said Carriage Way, and for lighting and watching the said High Street, and certain other Parts of the said Town; and that a very considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and the said Tolls are also charged with the Payment of 1,000l. per Annum to the Commissioners for paving the Streets within the City and Liberty of Westminster, to enable them to keep in Repair Part of the Street or Road called Piccadilly, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North End of Hertford , which were heretofore

Vo i*. 45.

under the Management of the Petitioners; and that Robberies, and other Outrages, are frequently committed upon the said Roads in the Night Time, which the Petitioners apprehend might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the Whole of the said several Roads were properly lighted and watched, and it would be a great Convenience to Travellers if the said Roads were properly watered; and Representing to the House, That only a small Part of the Term of the said Act is now unexpired, and that the Produce of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads is insufficient to enable the Petitioners to pay the said Annual Sum of 1,000l. and the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and effectually to amend and widen the said Roads and Foot Paths, and keep the same in Repair, and to light, watch, and water the said Roads, and unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further Powers are given to the Petitioners, the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected; and that a small Part of a certain Lane in Kensington, called Church Lane, is not included in the said Act, and a new Road, called Sloane Street, hath been made from the Great Western Road at Knightsbridge, into the Road adjoining to the Burial Ground belonging to Chelsea Hospital, and it would be of public Benefit and Convenience if such Part of Church Lane as aforesaid, and also the said new Road, called Sloane Street, were put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners for the repairing, lighting, watching, and watering the same, and if Provision was made for repairing the several Foot Paths on the Sides of the said several Roads; and that, in order to widen certain Parts of the said Roads, it will be necessary to take down certain Houses, and other Buildings, situate between the Church Yard of Kensington and the Charity School on the North Side of the Great Western Road in Kensington, and a Public Hotise, called The Half-way House, situate between Knightsbridge and the Town of Kensington, and to take in, and add to, the said Road, such Gardens, Nurseries, Orchard, and other Grounds, as shall be necessary for that Purpose, and the Petitioners apprehend it would tend to the Preservation of the said Roads if some Restriction was laid upon erecting Buildings on new Foundations within a certain Distance thereof; and that frequent Complaints are made of the bad State and Condition of the Pavement in such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid, and the Petitioners apprehend it would be of public Utility if some Provision was made for better repairing the same, or they were empowered to take the said Road again under their Care and Management; and that frequent Disputes have'arisen from the present Mode of collecting certain Tolls authorized to be received on the said Roads upon Sundays by the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the pity and Liberty of Westminster, which the Petitioners apprehend might be prevented, if the Collection of such Tolls were put under their Care and Management for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing’ the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, and for making such Increase in the Tolls payable by virtue of the said Act, and effecting the several other Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

36 2° Februarii. A. 1790.

Ro ton and A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Wondesford an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Bridge Road Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Petition*. enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of " the Ninth and Twelfth Years of Queen , and of " the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the " Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Roy in the County of " to Wandesford Bridgein the county of,

" so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions " of the Road comprized in the said Acts, and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to " the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town " of Somerskam, in the said County of ,"

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Yorke, Mr. Call, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the Ninth and Twelfth Years of Queen Anne, and of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle Division of the Road comprized in the said Acts, and so far as relates to the amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Macclesfield A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are p0ftd thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into

etition. Execution an Act of Parliament^ made in the Tenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening,

" and altering the Road from Macclesfield in the County " of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr " Lane Head, in Femilee, in the County of Derby,

" leading to Chapel in the Frith," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees named in the said Act caused the Road therein mentioned to be made and repaired, and borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, the Sum of 4,100l., which was expended in making and repairing the said Road, and erecting several Bridges thereon, and the Sum of 4,100l. and upwards now remains owing: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term ana Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Terms and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bloxam reported from the Committee, to whom Schusler's

the Bill for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff , was Nat- Bill

committed; That the Committee had examined the rePorted-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate* of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ordinary,

?resented to the House, pursuant to their Address to Ext*’a of lis Majesty, *25/

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1790: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1790.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1790.

Navy

Estimates-

N°

1.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto - -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers ——

3. Pensions, and other Allowances *

4- A /Chatham

5- Deptford

6. Woolwich

7. > Yards -t< Portsmouth

8. Sheemess

9-. ^Plymouth

JO. 28,500 3 41

- 10,717 6 11J

- 4,200 5

OO 1-0 CO 1 18 —

- 4,057 16 —

10 —

- 2,434 8 6

- 4,946 7 8J

" "

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging - - - , -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,"1

15.

16. 17-18.

Buildings, &c.

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers....

Bounty to Chaplains....

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment -Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1790

- - £.

£. d. 56,551 4 1

39,217 10 3

25,351 5 2

4,508 6'11

76,539 — 7 31,700* 5 — 55,840 ——

205,928 — —

169,000 ----- *-

1,231 17 6 3L259 1 5

6,150 7 -r-

703,276 17 11

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1790, amounts to Seven hundred and Three thousand Two hundred and Seventy-six Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Eleven Pence.

Chat Middleton. Geo. Rogers.

J. Hensl JV. Ralmer.

Geo. Marsh.

JV. Bellingham.

Vol. 45.

N A V Y

NAVY OFFICE, 28th January 1790.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Baildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and

other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and*Ordinary, for the Year 1790.

CO

00

Tlace where.

Deptord

Woolwich -

Chatham

o

O'

n

Guns.

98

74

Sloop —

38

32

28

98

74

Sloop

50

38

32

Bomb

110

100

Sloop

74

Ships Names.

Windsor Castle -

Brunswick - - - Building

Mars - Building

Hound - Building

A new Ship proposed to be set up -

fBetween

Building, or Natare of their Repair.

Building

Thetis -

Thames

Iris

Brilliant

Boyne -

Minotaur

Centaur

Martin

Romney

Latona

Niger -Ceres -Terror

Ville de Paris Queen Charlotte Rattlesnake -Conqueror -Irresistible -Monarch Suffolk Invincible -

Middling and! 1 Large Repair - - I

Large Repair Small Repair Middling Repair -

Taken in Hand.

Building - * -

Building

Ordered to be built Building

Middling Repair -/Between Middling and/

\ Large Repair - - J

Middling Repair -Large Repair For completing her Furniture and Stores

In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -

August 1790

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand -

In Hand -April 1790

In Hand -

In Hand -April 1790

Building Building Building Large Repair Small Repair Large Repair Large Repair Large Repair

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -February 1790 In Hand -In Hand -January 1790 In Hand -

n may be Charge of their -

1 A Completed. Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging *nd Stores. TOTAL.

/Complete for 1 Launching - J £. £. £.

2,700 2,700

July 1790 - 11,000 - 11,000

Uncertain - 10,000 — m 10,000

February 1790 - 2,000 - 2,000

- 1,000 ’ - 1,000

October 1790 6,900 710 7,610

January 1790 2,500 - - - 2,500

April 1790 2,500 - 2,500

September 1790- 4,550 " 4,550

June 1790 11,400 8lO 12,210

Uncertain - 1,000 64O 1,640

Uncertain - 5,000 - - - 5,oooo

November 1790 3>26o 2,350 5,610

Uncertain - 11,000 3,620 14,620

April 1790 4,420 820 5,240

April 1790 Uncertain - 2,330 460 2,790

5,970 20 5,990

- — ,7° 170

Uncertain - 9,000 ... 9,000

April 1790 2,260 - 2,260

December 1790 - 3,300 2,170 5,470

April 1791 16,000 «... 16,000

February 179° 3,800 3,800

January 1790 4,230 330 4,560

March 1791 18,000 - 18,000

June 1790 18,000 * 18,000

2° Februarii. A. 1790.

D

eg'

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

F)

C

VI

SllEERNESS - -

Portsmouth -

50

74

64

24

50

3

3

Sloop

98

Sloop

100

98

74

64

38

36

Sloop

38

Hero - - -Assistance - -

Robust -Alexander - -

Vengeance Excellent - -

Defence - -JBellerophon Alfred - - -Marlborough -Defiance - -

Majestic - -

Terrible - -Audacious - -

Dictator - -Pandora - -

Large Repair - - - -Small Repair - - - -For completing her Mast! For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Sails

Leopard ----- Building- - - -A new ship proposed to be set up - -

T ’A: - I Middling Repair -

I fBetween Middling

L’Aigle Cleopatra

Shark - -

Kingsfisher

Prince of Wales Dreadnought -Fury -

Britannia - -

Queen - -Triumph -Montagu -

St. Albans -

Phaeton -

Minerva -

Thalia - -Swan - -Arethusa -

and!

} Great Repair - - -J

Between Small and Mid-/ dling Repair - - -J Middling Repair -

Building -

Building -

Building - - - - -/Between Middling and/ / Great Repair - - -j Great Repair - - - -Middling Repair - - -Small Repair - - - -/Between Small and Mid-/ t dling Repair - - -j Middling Repair - -

/Between Middling and/ \ Great Repair - - -J

Small Repair - -

Great Repair- r - -For completing her Sails -

June 1790 - - J I September 1791 - 6,330

In Hand - - - ! 1 February 1790 - 4»37®

Yards, Furniture, ai nd Stores- - - - 210

ind Yards - - - - w . 150

In Hand - - - April 1790 - - 2,140

- - - - 2,000

In Hand - - - May 1790 - - 7,980

March 1790 - - July 1790 - - 5,980

In Hand - - - February 1790 - 1,260

June 1790 - - October 1790 - 2,480

In Hand - - - Uncertain - - 3,000

In Hand - - - Uncertain . - - 6,000

In Hand - - - February 1790 - 1,230

In Hand - - - October 1790 - 19,500

In Hand - - - December 1790 - 18,000

August 1790- - April 1791 - - 10,500

January 1790 July 1790 - - 11,540

November 1790- April 1791 - - 8,200

July 1790 - - December 1790 - 7,650

In Hand - - - February 1790 - 2,890

January 1790 July 1790 - - 3,920

In Hand - - - February 1790 - 820

380

920

1,070

280

300

290

280

290

930

420

400

200

630

30

100

30

920

2,190

2,020

1,900

990

9°

6,330 4,370

590

920 1,070 280 300 290 280 290

930 420 400 200 630 150

2,170

2.000 8,080

6,010 1,260

3,400

3.000

6.000 1,230

19,500

18,000 12,690 i»,540

10,220

9,550

2,890

3,920 1,810

90 CO

<0

to

30 Geo. IIL 2° Febrmrii.

by

PiYMOUTH

8o

74

64

50

32

Sloop

98

74

64

44

74

Cesar - -Foudroyant Egmont Fortitude -Diadem -Sampson -Intrepid Europa Siren - -Druid - -Helena - -

Atlas - -Swiftsure -Hannibal -Magnanime Belliqueux -Severn - -Powerful -

D

cq'

o

Plymouth

Cutter

New

Building -

Building -Great Repair - -

Very small Repair Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

Middling Repair -Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

Middling Repair -For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her For completing her

Masts,

Masts

Masts

Masts

Masts

Masts

Sails

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -January 1790 January 1790 June 1790 February 1790 January 1790 In Hand - -April 1790 -January 1790 Yards, Furniture, and Stores and Yards ——

and Yards ——

and Yards ——

and Yards ——

and Yards ——

Uncertain Uncertain January 1790 May 1790 May 1790 -

October 1790 Uncertain July 1790 March 1790 -Junen790 April 1790 -

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards -

10,000 . 10,000

- 10,450 _ ' 10,450

- 1,500 - 1,500

- 2,220 - 2,220

- 7,220 70 7,290

- 7,180 2,830 10,010

- 12,430 2,450 14,880

- 8,030 2,630 10,660

- - 3.660 - 3,660

- 3.090 1,740 4,830

- 1,630 530 2,160

- 480 100 580

480 m mm 480

720 720

200 - - 200

240 - 240

10.0 - 100

no 110

£ 357,900 37,220 395,120.

MERCHANTS YARD:

Building - - - In Hand - - - October 1790 - 2,190 700 2,890

Gram d Total for the Ships " " " ’ 360,090 37,920 398,010

s


Woolwich

Chatham

Portsmouth -

Plymouth

D eg'

n' CD CL

CT <

O ► 00

0 0 C/> H SO

0^ > a

fT H

On WORKS of the Yards:

To complete the Walls of the Outer Mast Pond, and the returned Wharf on the West Side of the Mast House Slip, the Dwarf Wall in Front of the said Slip, and 210 Feet of the Wharf Wall, North Side the Inner Mast Pond -

To complete the remaining Part of the Floor of the New Laying House To complete the Building of the New Rope House -To building Two Mast Houses, with a Slip to join the New Tophouse

To carry on the Stone Wharf and South Pier to the New Dock proposed -To carry on the Works at the North Side of the Reservoir -

To too Feet running of Stone Wharf, in the Boat House Canal ——

To 360 Feet running of Dwarf Stone Wharf to the Mast House Slip -To building Two Storehouses and Cabins at the South End of the Officers Lodgings -

To complete the Dam between the Wharf at the Landing Hulk and North Side of the South Dock Towards building a New Boat Storehouse on the New Ground - -

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill and the Mast Pond.

To digging away the Rock behind the New Rigging House. ——

To digging the Rock and Rubble round the Head of the New Dock and North Part of the Yard ——

To completing the Joiner’s and House Carpenter’s Shops and Clock House ——

To completing the laying of the Mast House Slip with Purbeck Pitchers - .-

To joining and carrying on the Wharfs that front the Harbour on each Side of the New Dock -

To extending the present North Jetty Head ——

To building and completing a Jetty Head at the North Side of the New Dock ——

To carrying on the East Cross New Storehouse ——

To building a Pitch House, Store Cabin, Ocham House, &c. ——

To complete the New Rigging House ——

To digging away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Armourers and Plumbers Shops, Engine House, &c. ——

To building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock, &c. between the East Side of the Mast Pond and West Rope House, for forming the Road in Front of the Plank Houses ——

To completing the New Team Stables.

Total -

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward -

Grand Total -

17,300

3,300

8.000 2,100

6.000

8.000

4.000 2,470 0,000 1,040

3.500

650

200

500

5.000 1,620

6.500 1,210

2.000

5.000

2.000 110

1.000

650

1,200

- 92,35o

- 398,010

£ 490,360

B?

I-

30 Geo. III. 2° Februarii.

ABSTRACT:

For Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

For a Ship in Merchant’s Yard

«£ ’ £.

Hulls 357,9001

\ - - - 395,120

Rigging and Stores 37,22oJ

Hull 2,190]

> - - - - 2,890

Rigging and Stores 700J

*5 5 *<

P

to

Towards Improvements in the Yards

92,350

Grand Total - - <£.490,360

Viz.

The Sum of Four hundred and Ninety thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds.

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

S>

Chas Middleton. J.Henslow. Geo. Marsh. Sam.Wallis.

Geo. Rogers. IV. Palmer. JV. Bellingham. E. Le Cras.

2° Februarii. A. 1790.

York Debtors Petition.

Report

s«pplj.

For paying off

Exchequer Bills.

Rolcbrook

Ixdosure

Petition.

Norwich and Watton Road Petition.

30 Geo. III. 2°

43

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand

" Seven hundred and Eighty-nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct

Ordered, Tlmt Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir James and Mr. Powys, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have caused the said Road to be amended and put into good Repair, and hare borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, great

Vol 45.

Part of which still remains due; and that the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Road supported and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend it may be necessary to vary some of the Powers of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and making such Alterations therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the -House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Sir Edward Astley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, OuseNaviga-Merchants, Traders, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Newhaven to httVen to B*ar-Barcombe Mill,in the County of Sussex, w as presented combe Mill.) to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Ouse is at present navigable, from Newhaven to Bar-combe Mill aforesaid, for small Barges, and that, by widening, deepening, and rendering strait the Current of the said River, the same may be made navigable for Vessels of a larger Burthen, whereby the Trade and Commerce upon the said River will be considerably increased, and the Public in general greatly benefited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to improve the Navigation of the said River Ouse, from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Jlouse:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Kemp,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are North thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Collingham others, Owners of Estates within the Parish of North Collingham, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors of the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish, being greatly intermixed, are subject on that Account to frequent Trespasses and great Inconveniences, and cannot, in their present Situation, be improved in the Manner they might be, if divided and inclosed, or allotted in Severalty, and the Enjoyment thereof regulated, and certain Parts thereof well and sufficiently embanked against the River Trent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, the Reve- Cotgrave rend Pierrepont Cramp, Clerk, William Morris, Thomas J}nclo3Ure Morris, ana others, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons Petltl0D-interested in the Messuages, Cottages, Old Inclosures,

Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste

44 2° — 3° Februarii. . 1790.

Waste Grounds, lying in the Manor and Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have appointed Commissioners who have divided, allotted, and exchanged several of the said Messuages, Cottages, Inclosures, Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Lordship, which will be a great Improvement to the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

S'ven to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the ivision, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the said Parish, and also several Exchanges of Property within the same, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3° die Februarii Anno 30* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

Bierbaum

sworn.

Praters.

JULIUS George Bierbaum took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Camp- Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com-btlTsl'eiitioa mitiee, to whom the Petition of William Henry Camp-reported. Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, it being only for shutting up a Road and Foot Paths, and opening others; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Corder being examined, said, That he knows the Road and Foot Paths described in the Petition, the latter of which lead through the Park and Grounds of Mr. Campbell the Petitioner — That the said Road is in Length about 140 Rods, and the Foot Paths about 100 Rods, the Use of which as a public Road and Foot Paths is very inconvenient to Mr. Campbell, who is willing, in case the same are shut up and discontinued, to make another Road and Foot Path in the Line described in the Petition, and to keep the same in Repair, which will be more convenient to the Public than the old Road and Foot Paths — That the new Road will be about Ten Rods farther, and the Foot Path about Twenty Rods nearer; but that the said Road may be easily made a better Road than the old one, and gone over in less Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower 'William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to shut up a

Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex, and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof: And that Lord Frederick Campbell wad Sir Archibald Edmonstone do prepare, and bring In, the same.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Leicester and whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names re°.ai1

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ported. others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester " and Trelford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of " Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the

" Turnpike Road leading from Hinckly to Ashby de la " Zouch, in the said County of ," was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Hubbard, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 1,200/ on the Credit thereof, which cannot be paid off, nor the Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch,in the said County of Leicester:

And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Eardley reported from the Committee, to Coventry whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Street* Pati* in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the dons report*. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs, for preventing Annoyances therein, and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read: And,

Edward Inge, Junior, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have caused several Streets and other public Passages within the Limits of the said Act to be paved, lighted, and cleansed, and have made several Improvements for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Cily and Suburbs — That there are several public Roads leading through the said City and Suburbs, along which great Numbers of Carriages daily pass, and that the Streets through which the said Roads lead are in many Parts very narrow, inconvenient, and unsafe — That there are several other Streets and public Passages within the Limits of the said Act, which are narrow and incommodious, and no Power is given to the Commissioners to widen the said Streets or Passages —

That, in order to the more effectual Improvement of the said City, it will be necessary to open Communications between some of the Streets, and to take

down

30 Geo. III. 3

down several Dwelling Houses and Buildings, and particularly in Saint Johns Bridge , where it will be proper that the Whole of One Side of Part of the Street should be taken down, and some Yards belonging thereto taken in — That the said City and Suburbs are subject to many Obstructions, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and the said Act is not effectual for removing the same, nor is there sufficient Power for the proper Management of the public Wells and Pumps within the said City — That it would be of Benefit and Safety to all Persons resorting to the said City, if effectual Provision was made for the above Purposes, and for making Foot Paths in certain Parts of the said Streets, and to light and watch the said Streets and other Places. — And the Witness further added, That the Purposes aforesaid would be more conveniently executed if the said Act was repealed, and new Powers granted for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs: And that the Lord Eardley and Mr. Wilmot do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

Burton Leo- A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields nard Inclo- in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of sure Bill York, was read a Second Time.

commi e Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Norwich and A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying NewBucken- into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Petition*1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road froifl Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road,

feat Part of which still remains due; and that the erm of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act for such further Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Sir Edward

Astley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

List of The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from

Offices in the the Directors of the East India Company, attended at East Indie* Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presente to House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A List of all Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company, in the East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, Vo i. 45.

u aril. 45

or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Slave Trade to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred-to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debtor* Bill the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effec- ord€rcd-tual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And that Mr. Burges and Sir William Dolbeti do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Marine Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Mut:ny Bill Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was P,esenled-received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways of Way* and and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Mea0*' Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Account* Directions of an Act of Parliament, presented —

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Custom*, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, Excise, fcc. for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Customs, the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs of Great Britain; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1790: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excise.

N the

)5ie

Stamps.

Incidents.

Additions to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt,

Customs, Excise, &c.

46 3° Februariu . 1790.

the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to 1,000l. or more, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1790: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue that have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th of January last: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th January last: And also,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of " the European Dominions of the French King, into " this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed

" Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the " National Debt:" And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge, occasioned by the Loans, made in pursuance of an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of " Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," from the respective Days (within the Year next preceding the Date hereof) from which the Duties commenced, to the 5th of January 1790; made up pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs " and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; " for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, " Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom, and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt"

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An A C C O M P T of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year; viz.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 5th Day January 1790, as per Accompt, (A) ——

of

3,686,994

s. d. 6 2i

Ditto of the Duties of Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of 554,962/. Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt, (B) -

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt, (C)

6,55V 05 16 9

1,214,966 16 8

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt, (D) ——

2,334,038 1 10|

13,787,165 1 5i

Memdum.

In the Sum of 2,334,038/. is. 10 stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included 347,052 /. 9#. being the Amount of Imprest, and other Monies paid in there within the above Period.

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, this 3d Day of February 1790, by

George Rose.

(A.) An

Duties for defraying the Charge occasioned by certain Loans.

g

cq‘

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

?T

"* (A.) —

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs of Great Britain; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate

Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1790.

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Ashes, Pearl ----- - Pot

Barilla -Beads, Coral -Brimstone Bristles, undrest Carpets, Turkey Copper, unwrought -Cork -Com, Oats -

--- r- Wheat

'Almonds, Bitter Aloes Cicotrina Cortex Peru -Ginseng -Gum Guiaci -Jalap

Juniper Berries Quicksilver Saccarum Saturni Senna -Succus Liquoritios Verdigris Elephants Teeth Feathers for Beds -Glass Plates -

s

'Almonds, Jordan

not Jordan _ . - . 9

Capers -

u Cinnamon.

0 2 Cloves -

O Coffee -

Cocoa - -

Currants -

Net Revenae, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Expences of Management, Ac.

790

732

26,407

320

3,124

4,175

1,892

2,460

5,040

3.353

2,073

314

45o

5,446

1,201

1,839

1,726

1.354 2,515

138

7,118

1,243

2,054

5,150

4,686

2,162

23

653

739

668

15.562

1,171

69,936

s.

17

11

10 15

6

11

13

14

7

2

4

9

1

12 19

6

19

6

15

11

9i

3

— i

6 f

9

10 i

7 I

11 i 4*

__ I

— T

4

n i

8

3 1

6 5

14 8 6 3 10 —

19 9 8114

14 104

3 8 4 H 9 9t

15 5

15 1

15 104 6 104 12 5

SPECIES OF GOODS.

<L>

U

a

o

Figs -Ginger -Mace -Nutmegs -

Pimento - -

Prunes -CDenia -

g I Lexia -

I Lipari -

Smyrna -CSolis -

Rice -Sugar, Brown -Hair, Horse -

---- Human- -

Hats, Chip -

---- Straw -

Hemp, Rough -

Hides, Losh -Incle, Wrought -Iron, Bar -

Kelp - -

Lemons and Oranges Cambric ks -

Canvas, Hessens

- Spruce

Damask, Silesia Tabling -Diaper, Silesia Napkemng Russia, Broad

e

.2 <

1-1

Germany, Narrow Lawns, French -

----- --not Holland, whited

----- --Holland, whited -

Russia, Broad, above,

Net Revenue, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Expences of Management, See.

6,710 186

1,125 1,318 7,010 1,944 16 21,464 5

4,995 — 3,882 5

s.

5

16

19

8

12

16,702 3,346 1,095,106

1,125 1,884 2,084 898

82,551

1,023 3,280 128,475 — 1,671 3 10,151 n,43i

17,503

9,058

1,017

334 10 97 — 33,585 5 4i7 7

d.

12

1

2

18

3

4 4

19

13 11

18

3

12

5

18

r

84

__ x

— X

64

24

64

4 T

44

8

9 4 4

54

6

24

24

11

2

14

44

8 i

6

9

74

34

10 6

11

4

6

360 19 25,871 16

4

6

s

9

i*

30 Geo. III. 3°

SPECIES OF GOODS.

O

eg;

r+

n‘

CD

Q_

CT "<

O

c

a>

c

3

Russia, Broad, above 314-

----- ----- ----- above 36 -

----- --Drilling

----- --Narrow

----- --Towelling and Naples

Matts, Russia Melasses

Metal, Leaf -Nuts, small -Oil, Ordinary -

— Salad -

— Train - -

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa Second Pitch -

Salt....

Seeds, Clover Silk, Raw - — Thrown

---- Wrought, Crapes, &c.

Smalts »

Spirits, Brandy

----- --- Geneva

----- --Rum -

f Bear, Black -Caltj Tann’d -

---- Raw -

Deer in Hair -

---- Indian, Half-drest -

Goat, Tann’d -Kid, in Hair Dressed

Soap, Hard -Stones, Blocks of Marble Tar -

55.

o

Net Revenue, subject to the Payment of Bounties,

Ex peaces of Management, Sec.

£. s. d. 2,882 11 10-J: 18 14 18

3 8

14,087

5,802 7,188 881 1,655

6 4

64

74

94

6y

406 17 1,248 l6 12,091 8

2,687 9,58i 1,667 446 106 5,208 23,680

32,635 1,415

8,614 69,064

4 19 18 14

4

7

2

5

3

8

17 6,260 3

7,017 6 708 1

1,409 14 2,576 1

1,609 18

3

8*

4

7

8

34

3 i 5i 94

4

__ I

T

74

6

10 i

11 4

6

10

104

24

3,181 5 — 2,777 17 9 973 8

74 7 369 3

1,813 13

94

104

3 4 1

910 10 — i 1,63119 84 4,49012

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Tapes, Open Thread, Sisters Tobacco, Braziel ----- ----- Manufactured -

Tow -

Turpentine, Common Wax, Bees -/Canary -French -v I Madeira -|,) Port - Rhenish -v. Spanish -Wood, Battens

----- --- Deals

----- ----- --Ends

z'Lathwood -Masts, 12 Inches Diameter Oak Plank .-Pailing Boards

o

\ Scaleboards Staves -

Timber, Fir -Wainscot, Logs Yam, Mohair

E. India Goods; viz. Rated Goods -- - - - ... Unrated Goods -

----- -- Muslins and Calicoes -

.....Tea....

Goods subject to a Subsidy Outwards; viz. Indigo ----- -- - Saunders, Red -

----- -- Skins, Beaver -

----- -- - Allum

Coals to Foreign Parts

- Lead

- Tin -

Other Subsidy Goods

Net Revenue, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Expences of Management, Sec*

GO

s. d.

349 12 64

2,169 — 74

18 18 8

408,018 5 5

711 19 54

4,603 12 104

3,448 7 94

18,714 6 r X

19,920 — 94

348,088 13 44

3,165 12 64

67,881 10 44

12,4bo 12 14

99,889 15 114

3,523 4 9

2,466 14 44

1,107 . 2,893 16 3

11 54

1,148 11 1

718 18 1

8,492 16 9

55,128 1,288 19 7 4

7 1 4

1,117 2 6

205,460 18 -r

21,274 17 104

138,630 5 64

115,812 19 44

16

3

5,428

62 1,163

3,848 9L787

42,365 .

7,58o. 17 14, S86 10 11

3 10

18 —

2114

24

n4 7 4

5

9

GO

ct>

O*

S5i

-a

<0

O

o

t-

Cl

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Sundry small Articles which did not produce a Duty of 1,000 /. upon each ——

Total -

Deduct the Amount of Drawbacks upon those Articles where the Drawback paid exceeded the Duties received

Total Net Receipt

Coals carried Coastways ——

Remittances from the Plantations ——

Money paid by the Receivers General of the Counties for Window Tax Rec<» of Mr. Despard for an American Schooner sold in Honduras Bay -

--from the Receiver General of Excise on Account of Wines sold -

--from Wm. Mellish, Esq. late Receiver General of the Customs -

Interest on Bonds ——

Net Revenue, subject to the [ Payment of Bounties,

Expence* of Management,

&C.

C *.

551,919 l6 1

7,199 15 84-

3%993 12 10 I 423 4 6 1,256 10 6-J-212 — 8 21 17 3

3,906 1 64.

4,671,870 11 8

25,700 — 91 4,646,170 10 10-J-

g

eg'

H*

n'

CD

CL

cr

pc

o

w

X

o

) — I 05

w

DISCHARGE.

By Bounties paid ——

By Over Entries re-paid, and Allowances on Damaged Goods -

By Portage Bills ——

— Paid towards supporting the Three Supreme Courts of Justice in Scotland -

— Paid for purchasing the Exemption of Pitfarren Coals from Duty- ——

— Paid Expences of Management, England"! 297,027 3 8] .

Scotland/ 47,107 2 4 JJ

— Bill remitted from the Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland

to the Receiver General of the Customs in England, not doe on the 5th January last ——

— Small Balances in the Hands of different Collectors, and of the

Receiver General of the Customs of Scotland - -

— Paid into the Exchequer

Total Discharge - - £.

£ s. d. 528,522 13 4

26,661 14 10 194 12 8

26,500 ——

13,465 10 11 344,134 6 — |

10,000 ——

9,697 6 ioj

3,686,994 6 21

4,646,170 10 10

-a

Custom House, London, February 2d, 1790.

Thomas,

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of G. Britain.

N. R. — It is to be observed that those Articles in die above Account which appear to be under a 1,000l. Net Produce, reduced upwards of 1,000l. in the Gross Receipt.

O

C

3

30 Geo. III. 3°

s?

n

9

D

eg'

r — Ih

N'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

eg

o

-w-

E X CIS E.--- A if ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article,

the Duty on which has amounted to 1,000l. or more, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1790.

Under what Heads paid in.

Auctions -Beer -

Bricks and Tiles -Candles -Coaches built for Sale -Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice -Glass -

Hops - -

Walt, perpetual Duty -

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar -

Paper -

Printed Goods -

Soap ——

Spirits, r ^Foreign- -

Starch ——

Sweets ——

Tea ——

Verjuice (with Cyder and Perry) -

Vinegar (with Metheglin or Mead)

Wine....

Wire.....-

Auctioneers (with Auctions) -

Coachmakers (with Coaches)-

Dealers in Coffee, Cho. or Tea

Makers and Sellers of Wax and

Licences' Spermaceti Candles -

to Makers of, and Dealers in.

Excise Commodities -

Retail, of Spirituous Liquors -

D° (commenced 6th July 1787)

Sellers of Gold and Silver Plate

Per Cent. Duties on Licences

Repealed Duties on/9oac^e8 r ^Servants

Tobacco and Snuff, commd 11th Oct. 1789

Total of Perpetual Duties -Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry -

Total of England - -

First Quarter, from 5th January 1789 ta 5th April 1789. Second Quarter, from 5th April 1789 to 5th July 1789. Third Quarter, from 5th July 1789 to lOtli October 1789. Fourth Quarter, from IOth October 1789 to 5th January 1790. TOTAL j Net Produce 1 of the Four Quarters.

£. s. d. £* S. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. *. d.

12,604 13*502 13,662 12,256 52,024

403.367 — 9.336 — 55* >343 368 442,730 38,275 284,085 43,794 1,681,525 91,773

110,549 87,544 — 40,913 52,160 291,166 — —

177 390 — 715 462 1,744

8,56a — 8,140 — 8,866 9,216 34,784

2,023 7.517 — — 20,666 12,206 42,412

37,440 33,391 — 36,029 33.259 140,119

60,350 40,807 — 58,695 48,044 207,896 — —

123,133 — — 7,671 - 130,804

7,9 >9 114,197 — 339,257 162,187 623,560

4,03a 2,972 — 7,100 4*473 — — 18,577

17,195 11,238 — 18,148 17,983 — 64*564

41,56a 19,773 — 41,926 49,941 — 153,202

75,744 74,696 — 88,460 76,031 — 3H»931

182,618 201,661 . 47,482 74.101 505,862

166,976 221,844 216,737 180,260 785,817

19, H5 19,232 21,608 17,442 77*4*7

1.384 2,200 2,866 752 — — 7,202 — —

81,275 205,532 79,164 173,604 7 10 539*575 7 10

_ — —

39,3H 57,459 — 86,446 69,430 252,649 —

403 683 — 885 310 2,281 —

- 497 - . 497 — \

2,170 2,036 — 5,079 3,216 12,501

(with Candles.) ——

5>i83 2,475 — 5.560 26,699 39,917

,7*619 18,504 — 18,098 — — 21,228 75,449

20,991 21,610 — 21,54* — — 20,900 — — 85,043

L359 1,617 — — 2,563 1,809 . 7.348 — —

1,000 - - - 1,000

3.012 4°7 6 3 - - 3,4'9 6 3

3,004 443 2 8 - - 3,447 2 8

- - - 7°,590 70.590

',336,313 — 1,845,211 8 11 ',671,143 1,466,438 7 10 6.319.105 16 9

8,991 — 106,202 295,5*4 13'.255 541,962

|,345>3°4 1>951,413 8n 1,966,657 1.597,693 7 10 6,861,067 16 9

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer (by the Commissioners of Excise in England) in One Year, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1790, on the Part of Scotland.

Under what Heads paid in First Quarter, from 5th January 1789 to 5th April 1789. Second Quarter, from 5th April 1789 to 5th July 1789. Third Quarter, from 5th July 1789 to 10th October 1789. Fourth Quarter, from 10th October 1789 to 5th January 1790. TOTAL Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

Excise, Consolidated £. 1. d. 1 1 ' a* £. s. d. £. I. d. th 1 ’ c* p-

Licences- - 3,500 1,000 - 2,000 — — 6,500 — —

Malt, Consolidated - - - 5i500 3,500 6,500 12,000 . 27,500

Printed Linens - 10,000 — 5,000 4,000 4,000 23,000

Soap - - - 14,500 — — 11,000 14,000 1 1,000 50,500 — —

c fBritish - Spirits,- Foreign - - - 10,500 12,500 7,000 7,000 37,000

4,000 10,000 10,000 15,000 39,000

Auctions - 1,000 — 500 500 1,000 3,000

Starch - 1,500 5oo 1,500 2,000 — 5*500

Wine - 3,000 5,000 4,000 10,000 22,000

Bricks and Tiles - 1,500 500 - - 2,000

Glass - - - 2,000 1,000 1,000 2,000 6,000

Paper - - - 1,500 — — 1,000 1,000 1,000 4*500

' General Licences - - - 1,500 - 1,500

Candles ----- 4,000 - 4,000

Total of Perpetual Duties - 58,500 53,000 53,5°° — '67,000 232,000

Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry - - - 3,500 - 3,5°° 6,000 13,000

Total of Scotland - - £. 62,000 53,000 57,000 73,000 245,000

Engl arid - Scotland - - - - £. s. d, 6,319*105 16 9 232,000 £. * d-

Perpetual Duties - . 6,551,>°5 16 9

England - - - -Scotland - 541,962 13,000

Annual Malt, &c. - 554,962

Total - £. 7,106,067 >6 9

Excise Office, London, 5th January 1790.

Ja' Webb, Acaonip* Gen1!

3° Februarii. ^1. 1790.

30 Geo. III.

3 Februar

SI

-(c.)-

Stamn ^0ta* ^et ^>ro<^uce) P&id into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp*,

j^r 811101,1116(110 I,0°0/- or in Four Quftrtere next Preceding the 5th of

Consolidated Duties Insurance Duty Burials, &c.

Bills of Exchange Receipts -Hats -

Plate -

Horse Dealers, &c. -Post Horse Duty, 8cc. Medicine -Game -Attornies -Pawnbrokers Glove -

Perfumery

Judges Duty in Scotland Apprentice Duty

Stamp Office, 28th January 1790.

£ * d.

659,163 — 10

101,674 8 6

4,211 6 4

83,348 13 8

39,284 1 9

20,380 1$ 1

22,453 9 11

1,034 7 3

170,554 18 7

10,587 16 9

47,771 12 10

24,595 16 —

4,173 12 5

9,108 6 3

8,200 5 6

1,163 12 10

7,260 8 2

1,214,9 66 16 8

Lhydy pro Compf.

Vol. 45.

(D.) — Ap

e*

a

GT

-(D.)-

Ak ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Artiele,

the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,0001, or mere, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th January last.

Or

to

Consolidated Salt, 1787 - -

D* - - - Letter Money, per Week -

Letter Money, 1760 -Seizures, D° -

Alienation Duty, D® -

First Fruits....

Tenths -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 Hackney Coaches, - 1711 . D° - - - 1784

6d. Deduction on Pensions, 24th June 1721

is. - D° - on Salaries, 5th July 1758

Male Servants, - - 1785

Female D® - - D® -

Four Wheel Carriages, D* -

Two Wheel Carriages, D® -

Waggons - - - D® -

Carts - - - D* -

Horses - - - D° -

Shops - - - D® -

Stamps per Bank -

Houses and Windows, 1766

Houses - - - - 1778

Lottery Licences, 1787 -

- - D® - - 1788 -

The Produce of the Duties under 1,000l. above Period, amount to the Sum of -

in

at

Exchequer, the 29th January 1790.

-ft® £ s. d.

74,047 1 1 *

I59*000

m j 64,000 — —

20,767 3 11

2,023 2 —

3,937 5 —

19,550 5 1 J

— 2,836 115

11,700

13,000

45,76o — —

36,375 15 9t

103,558 19 2}

36,881 4 11

_ 149,148 11 1

_ 34,394 4 3 *

23,472 8 8

_ 11,910 3if

114,745 3 2

58,649 13 11

12,000

427.717 4 ,

157,133 6 4i

i,5'7 13 4

- 1,034 7 2 1

i,985»» 59 19 8 -

the

- 1,825 12 5 ,

£ 1,986,985 12 1

Money

- D®

- D*

- D®

- I)°

- D®

- D®

- D°

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D"

- D®

- D® Imprest

D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

paid by the Right honourable William Pitt, for Conscience Sake, from a Person unknown

- by George Ross and Alex' Gray, Agents to the 3d Regiment -

- by - D* - - - D® - D® - to the 19th Regiment -

- by - D® - - - D® - - D® - to the 35th Regiment -

- by Alex' Adair (and Thomas Bullock, Executor of Henry Bullock) for several Regiments to which William Adair was Agent ——

- to which William Adair and Thomas Bullock were Agents -

- by Alex' Adair, Executor of William Adair, late Agent of the 72d Regiment -

- by Lieut. Gen1 Alex' Leslie, late Commander of the Forces at South Carolina -

- by James Meyrick, Executor of James Meyrick, late Agent to the 66th Regiment

- by the East India Company, on Account of the Expences of victualling the Navy,

and for the Use of the King’s Troops in India ——

- by Robert Adair and Joseph Partridge, Esquires, Executors of John Adam Frederick

Hesse, Esquire, on Account of Invalid Officers ——

- by Joshua Peart, Esquire, on Account of Non-effective, Deduct. &c. of South Lincoln

Militia ——

- by Sir John Chichester, Baronet, Sheriff of Devon, per Distress on John Harris, in

Part of a Bond of 200l. ——

- by Robert Mackenzie, late Paymaster of the Provincial Forces in North America -

- by William Cowden, Agent to the 16th Regiment Dragoons -

- by Isaac Winslow Clerke, Executor of Jonathan Clerke -

- by John Russell, Esquire, Agent to the Glamorganshire Militia - -

- by George Ross and Alexander Gray, Agents to the 83d Regiment -

- by Joseph White, on Account of George Hesse, late Agent to the 70th Regiment

- by James Parsons, on Account of Thomas Allen, late Receiver of the County of So-

merset on Account of Taxes ——

- by Thomas Steele, Esquire, for Interest on 187,000l. for Annts. granted by Act of

Parliament, Anno 29 Geo. III. ——

Money repaid by Daniel Macknamara, Executor of Richard Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces ——

- by Nathaniel Barwell, Geo. Harward, and Joseph Planter, Esquires, Paymasters of

Exchequer Bills ——

by John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

by the Right honourable Lord North, and the Executors of George Cooke, late Paymaster of the Forces ——

by Sir George Cornwall, Baronet, Executor of John Amyand, Esquire -

Ex*1 Newcastle.

£ s. d.

360 —

156 1 2 i

90 17 8 i

27 3 4

909 19 2 i

39 1 8

349 8 1

249 7 8

112 15 3

21 18 1

300,000 — -

518 15 - 0

240 15 3

— 10 6 s;

1,796 — 5 i a

600

446 14 9

11 16 2

191 4 —

1,500 ——

500 ——

4,026 ——

3L367 18 7

114 13 4

179 16 1

2.793 14 8

447 18 9

347,052 9

,986,985 12

9r

1

to

o

.334,038 1 10

30 Geo. III.

3® Februarii.

53

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the *°

6 J Public Debt

Interest or Annuities, for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties " of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lien thereof, and for applying the said Duties,

" together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt."

By virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of 187,0001, was raised by Annuities, after the Rate' of 7 /. 9 & 9 d.per Centum per Annum, to continue for the Term of 18 Years and 3 Quarters from the 5th of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities are directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts, of the 18th and 19th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund, the Annual Amount whereof is -

14,001

s. d. 2 6

By virtue of one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002,5001, was raised by Annuities' on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, to be distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; but the Annual Amount of these Annuities cannot be ascertained until the Classes into which the same are to be distributed are completed. The said Act directs, that the Contributors of the said 1,002,500!. shall be entitled to 4/. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of July 1789 until the 10th Day of October 1790, from which Time the Annuity payable to the respective Nominees is to commence; the present Annual Charge therefore is- - -

> 40,100 -

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, this 3d Day of February 1790, by

George Rose.

Vo l.45.

P

A:i

3° Februarii

A. 1790

Charge of Ak ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge Lose*. occasioned by the Loans, made in pursuance of an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* " An Act for raising a certain Sum. of Money by Way of Annuities and of one other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, " to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes," from the respective Days within the Year next preceding the Date hereof) from which the Duties commenced to the 5th of January 1790; made up pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debtviz*.

£ T*

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789 (the Day of the Commencement) to the 5th Day of January 1790 -The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, for the same Time -

Manium.

The Sum of 257/. 6 s. 2 \d.is the Amount of the Money actually received on the Heads, of additional Duties on Horses and Carriages: But the Assessment of those Duties for the same Period is, for the Duties on Horses 9,710/. 6 r. 5 and for Carnages 0,8881. 16 s.o making together

i9>599 l2s- 5 id.

138 17 118 8

357 6

d.

5.1

9

2 *

The Produce of the additional Duties on Newspapers, from the 1st Day of August 1789 (the Day: of the Commencement) to the 5th of January

1790 - -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, for the same Time -The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, for the same Time -The Produce of the Duties an Legacies, or Shares of Personal Estates, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills, for the same Time -

Total of additional Stamp Duties

d.

12,836 4 2 2,196 15 6

2,474 12 — 124 ——

2,640 ——

7,511 10 —

27,783 1 8

28,040 7 101

Memdum.

It is necessary to observe, that this Accompt of the Stamp Duties is only of Money received at the Head Office on the several Articles; the Produce of such as have been consigned to the Country Distributors cannot yet be ascertained.

The Amount of the Annual Income to be made good in lieu of the Shop Tax was 56,000 being the Produce of that Tax in the Year preceding the Repeal of it. The Remainder of the Produce of the above Taxes is applicable to the Payment of the Charge incurred by the Annuities on Lives, in consequence of the Act of the 29th of His present Majesty.

The Act 29 Geo. III. Cap. 37. recites, that the Sum of 187,000l. is expected to be repaid by Annual Instalments, and the Sum of 4,026 /. has been paid into the Exchequer, on account of Interest in respect thereof, and was carried to the Consolidated Fund in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1790.

Treasury Chambers,

3d Day of February 1790.

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, this 3d Day of February 1790, by

George Rose.

Ordered,


Committee on Cora Indemnity Bill.

Royston and Wandesford Bridge Roads Petitions reported.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the wfoie House, upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and'Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii III'" Regis, 1790. Pkayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, t; An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers " of several Acts of the Ninth and Twelfth Years of " Queen Ame, and of the Thirteenth of King George " the First, and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, " for repairing the Highways leading from m

" tile County of Hertford, to in the County of Huntingdon, 90 far as relates to the " Middle and South Divisions of the Road comprized " in the said Acts, and for amending the Road from " the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near " the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said " County of Huntingdon;" and also, the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the Ninth and Twelfth Years of Queen Anne, and of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from in

the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle Division of the Road comprized in the said Acts, and so far as relates to the amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of , in the said

County of Huntingdon, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied tfith; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

Vol. 45.

Mr. Thomas DaiMfy being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and that there remains a Debt due of 1,200l. upon the South Division of Roads comprized therein. —

Then,

Mr. George Maule being examined, said, That there is a Debt due of 3,000l. upon the Middle Division of Roads, and 2,925 /. upon the separate District of Roads, also comprized in the said Act — That the said several Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued; and some Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads: And that the Lord Hinchingbrook, the Earl Ludlow, Mr. Yorke, and General Adeane, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Kensington, whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- Chelsea, and cation an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing tion reported, several Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Bleamire, Esquire (one of the Trustees under the said Act) being examined, said, That the Road leading from Hyde Park Comer to Counter’s Bridge, and several other Roads adjoining or near to the same, are, by the said Act, put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, with Power to light and watch certain Parts only of the said Roads, and to pave the Carriage Way of the High Street, in the Town of Kensington-, and Provision is made for paving the Foot Paths on the Sides of the said Carriage Way, and for lighting and watching the said High Street, and certain other Parts of the said Town.

That a very considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and the Sum of 11,500l. is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads; and the said Tolls are also charged with the Payment of the Sum of 1,000l. per Annum to the Commissioners for paving the Streets within the City and Liberty of Westminster, to enable them to keep in Repair Part of the Street or Road called Piccadilly, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North End of Hertford Street, which were heretofore under the Management of the Trustees of the said Roads.

That great Depredations, and other Outrages, have been of late frequently committed upon the said Roads in the Night Time, which, it is apprehended, might in a great Measure be prevented, if the Whole of the said several Roads were properly lighted and watched, under the Directions of the Trustees, and it would be

a great

Mr. Campbell’s Road Bill presented.

4° Februarii. A, 1790.

a great Convenience to Travellers, if the said Roads were properly watered.

And the Witness further said, That the Produce of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads is insufficient to enable the Trustees to pay the said Annual Sum of 1,000l., and the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and effectually to amend and widen the said Roads and Foot Paths, and keep the same in Repair, and to light, watch, and water the said Roads; and that unless the Term of the said Act be eularged, and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further Powers are given to the Petitioners, the several Purposes aforesaid capnot be effected.

That a small Part of a certain Lane in Kensington, called Church Lane, is not included in the said Act, and a new Road, called Sloane Street, hath been made from the Great Western Road at Knightsbridge into the Road adjoining to the Burial Ground belonging to Chelsea Hospital, and it would be of public Benefit and Convenience if such Part of Church Lane as aforesaid, and also the said new Road called Sloane Street, were put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners for the repairing, lighting, watching, and watering the same; and if Provision was made for repairing the several Foot Paths oti the Sides of the said several Roads.

That in order to widen certain Parts of the said Roads, it will be necessary to take down certain Houses, and other Buildings, situate between the Church Yard of Kensington and the Charity School on the North Side of the Great Western Road in Kensington, and a certain Public House, called The Half-way House, situate between Knightsbridge and the Town of Kensington, and to take in and add to the said Road such Gardens, Nurseries, Orchard, and other Grounds, as shall be necessary for that Purpose; and it is apprehended, that it would tend to the Preservation of the said Roads, if some Restriction was laid upon erecting Buildings on new Foundations within a certain Distance thereof.

And the Witness further informed your Committee, That frequent Complaints are made of the bad State and Condition of the Pavement in such Past of Piccadilly as aforesaid, and the Trustees are desirous of taking that Part of the Carriage and Foot Road which formerly belonged to the Trust under their own Care and Management, upon certain Terms; or else to be empowered to call upon the Commissioners for Paving to keep the same in proper Repair.

And he added, That frequent Disputes have arisen firom the present Mode of collecting of certain Tolls, authorized by an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty to be received on the said Roads upon Sundays by the said Commissioners for Paving, which Disputes, it is apprehended, might be prevented, if the Collection of such Tolls were’ to be put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners.

Sir Joseph Andrews, Baronet, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Comer to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads, within the Parishes of Saint George Hammer Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same; and for several other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex, and to

oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof: And the -same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier presented to the House, Hackney according to Order, a Bill for taking down the Church Church Bill and Tower belonging to the Parish of Hackney, in the *,resente<,‘ County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Church Yard, belonging the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burges presented to the House, according to Debtors Bill Order, a Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more presented, speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First time. , .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff Schuster’s Schusler, was read the Third Time. Nut. Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P"se<* be, An Act for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff Schusler.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cruger reported from the Committee, to whom Bristol the Petition of several of the Feoffees of certain Estates Church P«ti-and Hereditaments applicable, amongst other Uses, tion reported, to the Repairs of the Church of the Parish of Saint Thomas, in the City of Bristol, and also of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read'; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the -said Petition, Mr.

Jeremiah Osborne being examined, said, That the Church belonging to the said Parish is in a very ruinous State, and incapable of being repaired; and that it is apprehended that it will be necessary likewise to rebuild the Tower which is contiguous thereto. — And the Witness added, That there is no Fund adequate to the Expense of re-building the said Church and Tower.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol: And that Mr.

Cruger and Mr. Brickdale do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Ways and ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Means* Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in . at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mait>

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth Year of His" present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of Ju 1790, be further continued,

30 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

57

continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall several A^ctd, passed for repairing the Roads leading be made, and all Mum which shall be made or im~ from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and the Toitn ported, and 'all Cyder and Perry which shall be of and from Shelford Pound to

made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, in the County of And Alledging, That the

from the 23d Day of June 1790 to the 24th Day of District of Roads under the Petitioners Care is very

Land Tax.

June 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from

extensive, and the Income arising from the Tolls collected upon the same insufficient for the due Repair thereof, and that if the Distance of One Mile of so much of the said Roads under the Care of the Petitioners as lies between the South End of

Marine Mutiny Bill committed.

the 25th Day of March 1790, upon Lands, Tenements, and the End of the Pavement in Trumpington Street Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in the Town of Cambridge, was taken from the Care in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales,of the Petitioners, and put under the Care of the and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a Trustees of the Roads from Stump Cross to New-proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of market Heath and Trumpington, and from Shelford the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Pound to aforesaid, it would be a con-

Britain called Scotland. siderable Relief to the Petitioners in executing the

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Powers of the several Acts relating to the Repair of Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Roads under their Care, and be very beneficial to agreed to by the House. the Public, and more particularly so if such Mile

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the Road was to be measured from the South End of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. of Trumpington, where the Two Turnpike Roads join, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, through the Town of Trumpington, on towards the Earl of Mormngton, the Lord Bayham, the Lord bridge: And therefore praying, That Provision may be

Apsley. Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, made in the Bill applying for as above-mentioned for Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, exonerating and relieving the Petitioners from repairing the same. the Distance of One Mile of so much of the Roads

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other under the Care of the Petitioners as lies between the of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. South End of Trumpington, and the End of the Pave-Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, nient in Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, the Lord and that such Mile of the said Roads be measured Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, from the South End of Trumpington, where the Two Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, Turnpike Roads join, through the Town of -

the same. ington, on towards Cambridge, and for putting the same under the Care and Management of the A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Trustees of the Roads leading from Stump Cross to 1 1 0 ’ rT" Newmarket Heath and Trumpington, and from Shelford

Pound to Wittlesford aforesaid, in such Manner, and

Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Corn Indemnity Bill reported.

under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Road leading from Cheslerford Mr.. Rose, according to Order, reported from the , in the Parish of Great Cheslerford, in the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for County of through the Parishes of Ickleton,

indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in Dux ford, and to the End of the Town of

advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of JVittlesford next to , in the County of Cam-

Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of was also presented to the House, and read;

Corn and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued by Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Road America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of leading from Cheslerford Bridge, in the said Parish the same, and for making further Provisions relative of Cheslerford, through the Parishes of thereto, w-as committed, the Amendments which the ford, and Wittlesford, to the End of the Town of Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had Wittlesford, next to is much out of Renair,

directed him to report to the House: and he read the narrow in some Places, and incommodious; and that Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where a*l Persons residing in the Neighbourhood of, and the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second -Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossHti.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Trustees for carrying into Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed for repair-Itaad* £T tl*e R°act from London to Cambridge, beginning at Foulmire, in the County of Cambridge, and ending at " the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town of

Cambridge, and other Roads adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application is making to the

Petitions for additional Provision in

House for a V’ol. 45.

Bill to

enlarge

the Term and Powers of

travelling along, the said last mentioned Road% if the same were made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and -

ton, and from Shelford to Wittlesford aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and in the Third, Fifteenth,and Twenty eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Stump Q Cross,

4® — 5° Februarii.

A. 1790.

Cross, in the Parish of Chesterford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Meath and Cambridge, and from to

in the County of Cambridge, and from Foulmire, in the said County of Cambridge, to the said Town of Cambridge, and other Roads adjacent to the said last mentioned Roads, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Shelford to Witis referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Tin to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties. consider of the Duties payable upon Tin exported,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Owners, by Haling with] Horses on the Banks of the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Sir Edward Astley,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

tion.

Lynn Haling A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Paths Peti- thereunder written, in Behalf of themselves and of the Merchants, Traders, and others, concerned in the Navigation of the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford and Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Counties of Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, and also Part of Essex, Hertfor d, Lincoln, Leicester, Warwick, and Rutland, have been supplied from Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, with Coals, and other Kinds of Merchandize; and that the Commodities are carried by a Navigation from Lynn to the said several Counties, and the Lighters and Boats employed in the said Trade are obliged to be drawn with Horses, and it has been usual to Hale with Horses on the Banks or Shores of the respective Rivers; and that the Owners of the Lighters have paid to the Proprietors of the Banks on the different Rivers Annual Sums for Haling, and the Sums so paid have, till lately, been received and taken as a sufficient Recompence for the Injury done the Banks by Haling; and that the several Proprietors of the Banks knowing, without their Permission to Hale, that the Trade cannot be carried on, have given public Notice that they will oblige the Traders to pay considerably more for Liberty of Haling than has been hitherto paid; and that the Demands of the Proprietors could not be complied with, and who, in consequence thereof, have on several Parts of the Banks affixed Stiles, Rails, and Posts, which prevent the Haling, and totally stops the Trade from Lynn to the several Counties of Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Northampton, and Part of Essex, Hertford, Lincoln, Norfolk, Leicester, Warwick, and Rutland, by which the greatest Inconvenience will arise to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, as well as many Thousands of Seamen, Labourers, and others, being immediately orut of Employ: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Owners of . Lighters and Boats to Hale on the several Banks erf the Rivers with Horses, from Lynn to the several Counties of Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, Norfolk, Leicester, Warwick, and Rutland, and for appointing Commissioners to ascertain the Damages that will be sustained, by the Bank

Veneris, 5° die Februarii',

Anno 30* Georgii IIItM Regis, 1790. Praters.

SIR William Young reported from the Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who were empowered to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday, the 16th Day of this Instant February, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lunds, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Mr. Gamon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the " County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle " Carr Lane Head, in Femilee, in the County of Derby, " leading to Chapel in the Frith," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied

with;

First Report of Examination of Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The Lords will proceed on the 16th Instant on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Dibden Tn-closure Bill committed.

Macclesfield Road Petition reported.

Bristol Church Bill presented.

Norwich and Trows# Road Petition reported.

Bierbamn's Nat. Bill committed.

90 Geo. III. 5° Februarii.

with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, Harewood of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the Commons, or Waste Grounds; called Dunkeswick Inclosure Bill

same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read mon, and JVeeton committe<1* the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Green, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is the County of York, was read a Second Time, as followeth; viz. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Pennyma, Mr. Shane, &c.: And they are to meet Act was read: And, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Mr. Peter Wright being examined, said, That the Chamber.

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 4,100l. upon the A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Linton Inclo-Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the sure Bill

repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County committed,

unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued of York, was read a Second Time, and enlarged. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Cavendis, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chamber,

for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from

Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execu- TaTOmspite Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Ferni/ec, in the tion an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year Road* County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith: And of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, Petmon-

that Mr. Crewe, Lord George Cavendish, and Sir widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading Robert Salusbury Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, same. and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Mr. Cruger presented to the House, according to That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church and of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol: of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be And the same was received; and read the First Time. collected upon the said Roads, a considerable Part of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- and some further and other Powers granted: And there-rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging ing the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trcrwse, at the Angle House shall think proper.

where the Road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the County of Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee shall appear to them, to the House:

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr.

of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative Shane, &. c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as Records.

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Haverford-the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as and other Inhabitants of the County of Pembroke, was west Roads

followeth; viz. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Petition.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the Road leading from the Town and County of said Act was read: And, fordwest, by and over Stephen's Ford, to a certain Place

William Dewing, Esquire, being examined, said, called Morris the Bailiffs, situate in the Parish of That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of Ambleston, in the county of ; and also, the

the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum Road leading from the said Town and County of of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum fordwest b£ Tangiers, in the Parish of Prendergast, to of 500l. now remains due — That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Hfe present Majesty, for amending the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr.

Henry Hobart, Sir JohnWodehouse, and Mr. Windham,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 45.

C rreat Jreffgame Bridge, in the Parish of Spittle, in the said County of Pembroke; and also, the Road leading from the Town and County of Haverfordwest aforesaid to the City of Saint David's, in the said County of Pembroke, and also from the said City of Saint David's to the Harbour of Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David'sfin the said'County, are, in many Parts, much out of Repair, narrow’, and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

5° Februarii. . 1790.

And it is referred to Sir JVatkin , the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ouse Na- Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee,

Pedtion "I'01*1 the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of

(from New- Lftnd, Merchants, Traders, and others, interested in haven to Bar- the Navigation of the River Ouse, from to

combe Mill) Barcombe Mill, in the County of Sussex, was referred; reported. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Hodskinson, Junior (an Engineer) being examined, said, That he has surveyed the River Ouse from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill; that the said River is at present navigable for small Barges only, but that by widening, deepening, and rendering strait the Current or Course thereof, particularly in certain Parts, where the Bends are very sharp, and the Shallows more frequent, the same may be made navigable for Vessels of a much larger Burthen; whereby the Trade and Commerce upon the said River will be considerably increased, and the Public in general greatly benefited. Then,

Mr. Chatfield Turner being examined, said, That if the Navigation of the said River is amended as proposed by the Plan, it will be of great Advantage to the Town of Lewes and its Neighbourhood, and also of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill, in the Parish of Barcombe, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Charles Robinson and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Taunton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Society Pad- thereunto subscribed, being the Committee of the An-ti0B' nuitant Society of the Town of Taunton, and its

Neighbourhood, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Members of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1765, a Society was formed at Taunton, in the County of Somerset, which, by Deed, dated the 9th Day of September, in that Year, was named " The Annuitant Society of the Town of Taunton and its Neighbourhood;" and that the Design of the said Society was to raise, by Subscription amongst themselves, a Stock in Money, and thereout to provide certain Annuities for the Widows of those who then became, or who thereafter should become, Members of the said Society; and that a considerable Sum of Money, raised by the said Subscriptions, and applicable to the above-mentioned Purpose, is vested in Government and other Public Securities, in the Names of certain Trustees, and the Petitioners are desirous that some Provision should be made for more effectually establishing and securing the said Fund, which they are advised cannot be effected in any Way so proper as by an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alexander Popham, Mr. and Sir Benjamin

Hummel, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

02

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, Coin and to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor Carlford poor within the Hundreds of Colncis and Carlford, in the poj^nre' County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee p had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of

His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundreds, were read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were authorized to erect and fit up certain Buildings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and to borrow Money to defray the Expence thereof, and also to make certain Rates or Assessments for paying the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and for defraying the Expence attending the Management and Support of the said Poor; and divers other Powers were given for carrying tire Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And,

Philip Bmces Broke, Esquire, being examined, said,

That by virtue of the Powers granted by the said Acts, several Buildings have been erected and fitted up, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Rates or Assessments, which has been applied in defraying the Expence of erecting and fitting up the said Buildings; but the Number of the Poor within the said Hundreds having of late Years greatly increased, the said Buildings are become too small for their Reception and Employment, and the Money arising by the said Rates or Assessments is found insufficient for their present Support and Maintenance, by reason whereof a considerable Debt, over and above the Money borrowed as aforesaid, hath been incurred; which Debt now remains unpaid, and cannot be discharged, and the said Poor properly supported and maintained, unless the said Rates or Assessments are increased, and the said Acts amended and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Malt Bill a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain prereuted. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Land Tax Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by Bill pre-a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the sente(1-Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, Norwich and

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Caifter carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Causeway Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ^onreported, amending the Road from Bi Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone, formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth, and also of several of the Persons

entitled

entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Tin Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Du"ts-ferred to consider of the Duties payable upon 'Tin exported, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now' payable upon the Exportation of Tin to Parts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone, formerly called The Tzeo Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Two Miles and a Half

short of the Tow n of Great Yarmouth: And that Sir John IVodehouse and Sir Edward Astley do prepare, and . bring in, the same.

Norwich and Sir John IVodehouse reported from the Committee,

Petition^re- *° w^om Petition of several of the Trustees, for ported. Carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of in the County of

Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, w’as referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 2,5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Capel Bringloe being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum of 3,0.501, now remains due. — That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of to

the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John Wodehouse, Sir Edward Astley, and Mr. Henry , do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Yo l. 45.

The House being informed that Mr. Welstead, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Coals and Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Coastwavs*1 the House, pursuant to their Order of the 17th Day of patented.3’ July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Coals and Culm carried Coastways in England, during the Years 1787 and 1788, with the Duties thereon, and the different Ports of Shipping and Discharge.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying all Persons who Corn Tndem-have been concerned in advising, or carrying into nity Execution, certain Orders of Council respecting the pass* ’ Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also, certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making Further Provisions relative thereto.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Market of the Returns of different Cities and Market Towns throughout England Weights and and Wales, and the Town of Berxcick upon Tweed, do or'

forthwith make out, and transmit to the Sheriffs of the ere respective Counties in which the said Cities and Towns are situate, Returns of the different Weights and Measures now in Use in such Cities and Market Towns respectively, as well as Specifications and Descriptions of any particular Commodities that are bought and sold by any customary Denominations or Proportions of Weight or Measure, as far as any such have come under their Observation.

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the several Counties in England and Wales, and be by them transmitted to the Clerks of the Markets in their respective Counties; and that the said Sheriffs do return to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before the House, the Returns they shall severally receive from the Clerks of the Markets,

R Ordered,

Committee of Supply.

Army and Ordnance Estimates refened.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1789

to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South TViles, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments Of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1790, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional to' the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from the 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 2.5th December 1789 to 24th December 1790, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to tire said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, from the 25th December 1789 to the 24th December 1790, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances, to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Corps of Foot, for Service in New South Wales, under the Command of Major Francis Grose, from the 5th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of December following,

both inclusive, being 203 Days, be deferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1790 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1790. Praters,

THE House being informed that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the jBar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of 1,197,155/. 3 in One

Year, from February 2d, 1789, to 31st, 1790,

by the Commissioner’s for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of 295,015/. to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st February and ist May

1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

As

Committees to sit

Ways and Means deferred*

Account of Reduction of Nationul Debt presented.

s

D

eg'

r-H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

n

o

p

6

1

Ak ACCOUNT Of the Receipt and Expen<fiture of £. 1,197,155. 6s. 3d. in One Year, from February 2d 1789 to January 31st 1700, by the Commissioners appointed by

26th of Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Dr*.

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C".

To Cash paid for the following Stock, purchased as the Act

directs; viz.

Capital Stock.

480,750 Consol4 3 per Cent. Ann* 565,600 Reduc’d Ann* Consol4 247,700 Old South Sea Ann* -216,000 Ne<v South Sea Ann* -48,800 £. 3 per Cent Ann' 1751

<£ l,55&,850 The Interest on which is 46,765/. 102. per ----- ----- ----- --- Annum.

367,659

436,7t)9

189,695

165,722

37,308

d.

s.

16 3 7 6 15 —

7 6

1,197,155 6 3

Bank of England, 9th February 179°*

By Cash received at sundry Times; viz.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues -

For 6 M* Int on 1,600,000 Consol4 3 per Cent. Ann* due 5th Janrf 1789 -

D° - - - 440,000 New South Sea Ann* D* -

150.000 £.3 per Cent Ann*, 1751 D*

680.000 Reduc’d Ann* Consol4, due 5 April 1789

725.000 Old South Sea Ann* - D*

1,975,000 Consol4 3 per Cent Ann*, due 5 July 1789 -

515.000 New South Sea Ann* - D*

175.000 £.3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - D*

1,000,000 Reduc’d Ann* Consol4, due 10 October 1789 -

820.000 Old South Sea Ann* - D* -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives payable at die Exchequer,

and unclaimed for Three Years before the 5th January 1789 D* - - - being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between the 5 th January 1786 and 5th January 1789; viz.

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

An bo

1745

1746 1757 1779

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777 -

426

1,172

2,031

"9

s. d. 10 —

~7 ~6

£. s. d. 1,000,000 ——

24.000 -

6,600 ——

2,250 ——

10,200 ——

10,875 ——

29,625 ——

7,725 ——

2,625 ——

15.000 ——

12,300 ——

47,206 8 9

3,748 17 6

25,000 —

the 1st of May 1790; viz.

1790.

Jan*7 u. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -

For 6 M* Int on 2,150,000 Consol4 3 per Cent Ann* d D* - - 650,000 New South Sea Ann* -

D* - - - ?oi,oooo £. 3 per Cent Ann* 1751

A. Nettland, Chief Cashier.

D*

D*

£. 1,197,155 6 3

lie 1st; of Fehruary and

- 250,000

79° 32,250

" 9,750

3,oi5

£- 295,015

if

P

a\

30 Geo. III. 9°

Account of Houses charged with Duty, &c. presented.

Hackney Church Bill committed.

Fosbrook

RoadPeution

repoited.

Macclesfield Road Bill presented.

Goudhurst Road Petition.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 7th Day of in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Number of Houses in England and Wales charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, as also of the Total Number of Cottages exempted from Payment of the Duty, according to the last Survey; together with an Account of the Total Number of Houses throughout Scotland chargeable to the Duties on Houses and Windows.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Church Yard belonging thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed1 to Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and other Persons, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterweirds delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Holliday, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Fosbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Means prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Fosbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower, and Sir Edward Littleton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fcrnilee, in sche County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in

the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through " the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and, in order thereto, have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed, with the Interest thereof, be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further Powers given to the Trustees for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow MornmgJ at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somei'sham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Truro, in the' County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets of the said Borough are in a ruinous State, that various Encroachments are made into them, and Nuisances suffered to remain therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, widening, and lighting the Streets of the said Borough, for removing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Drivers of Carts and other Carriages, and Porters, within the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Boscawen, the Lord Fielding, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Bowes, in the County " of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County " of Westmorlandand also an Act of Parliament,

made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual " an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County

Royston and Wandesford Roads Bill presented.

Truro Paving Petition.

Bowes Road Petition.

Bristol Church Bill committed.

Bristol Debtors Petition.

Mr. Camp* bell’s Road Bill committed.

30 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 65

u County of York, to Brough under Stainmorc,in the Liston, in the County of and to oblige him to

" County of Westmorland, and for repairing and widen- make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road

" ing the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and and Foot Path in lieu thereof, was read a Second " also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works Time.

" at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald

" and also the Road from Barrow Brow to Middle EdmonstonLord Frederick Campbell, c.: And they " Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, also from are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the " Tan Hill and King's Pitts, to Beck Crooks and Pun- Speaker’s Chamber.

" chatt Pasture West Gate, to Whaw Lane Head, and

" by Lilly Jocks to Reeth," and several other Persons A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ire Petition for

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Captains, and regulating to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trus- Masters of Ships and Vessels frequenting the Port ot ’

tees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have London, and the Lightermen of the said Port, was tb. Port

borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, of London,

the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the on Account of the Insufficiency of the present Moor-Tolls, have been applied in widening and repairing ings between London Bridge and Cuckolds Point, and the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; the irregular and improper Manner in which Vessels and that the Term granted by the said Act of the are stationed, numberless Accidents are occasioned to Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, and which was Ships and Vessels entering or leaving the said Port, continued for Five Years, by an Act, made in the or lying the rein, to the great Loss and Damage of Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late the Petitioners, and of other Owners, Captains, and Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this King- Masters of Ships and Vessels; and that the Petitioners, dom, and which was further continued and enlarged and all other Owners, Captains, and Masters of Ships by the said Act of the Ninth Year of His present and Vessels lying in the said Port, within the Limits

Majesty, is near expiring, and the Sum of 1,649/., before-mentioned, are constantly exposed to Danger

or thereabouts, still remains due on Mortgage of the from Thieves, who form themselves into Gangs too said Tolls; and that several Alterations and Amend- numerous to be resisted, and board and plunder Ships, ments are necessary to be made in the said Acts, and Vessels, and Lighters, in the Night-time; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and the Crews of even large Trading Vessels are, while in kept in Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, Harbour, too small to be capable of effectually de-unless the Terms aforesaid are further continued, and fending themselves and Property so attacked, and, as the said Acts amended, and made more effectual; they cannot have the Aid and Assistance which, on and that the Road leading from the said Road between Shore, upon any Alarm being made, is easy to be Maiden Castle and Kaber Cross aforesaid, near a procured, in Cases where Resistance has been made.

Place called Buckles Stoop, over Buskay Moor to Church the Crew have been thrown into the River, and other Brough, and also the Road leading from the said fatal Accidents have happened; and that, as the Road between Maiden Castle, by Tan Hill and King's Lightermen are deterred from working in the Night-Pitts, to Reeth aforesaid, to the Collieries now open at time by the Apprehension of being robbed and ill-Kettlepott and William-gill in the said Counties, and treated, great Delays, Inconveniences, and additional also the Road from the East End of the Town of Expences, are thereby incurred in the Loading and Bowes aforesaid, by Gilmonby Bridge over Gilmonby Unloading of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and Moor, and Bargap Pasture, and by Sleight Holme to as these Thefts become Nightly more numerous, the Redgill, to join the said Road from Tan Hill to Reeth, Petitioners conceive all the above-mentioned Acci-in the County of York, are ruinous, and the making dents, Delays, Inconveniences, and Damages, might, and repairing the same Would be of public Utility: in a great Measure, be prevented, if proper and suffi-And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to cient Moorings were provided, the necessary Rules bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and Regulations for the lying of Ships and Vessels and enlarging the Powers of the said former Acts, and enforced, and a proper and sufficient Nightly Watch also for making and repairing the said additional established within the Limits aforesaid: And therefore Branches of the said Roads, in such Manner as the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill House shall think proper. for the better regulating and Security of the Trading

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ships and Vessels within the said Port, as to the House Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- niaY seem meet >

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the shall appear to them, to the House: Table.

And it is referred to Admiral Leoeson, Mr. Call, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Owe Navi, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to whom the Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, S*00 Peti-to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. and Occupiers of Land adjoining to the River Ouse,

in the County of Sussex, and of divers other Persons Cuckfield)

A Bill for re-building the Parish Church and Tower interested in the Navigation of the said River, was reported, of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol, was read referred; That the Committee had examined, and a Second Time. found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-

Resotoed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cruger, tive to Navigation Bills, had been complied with;

Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in Bristol, was pre- it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; sented to the House, and read; Complaining of their and is as followeth; viz.

Distress, and praying Relief. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the John Fisher being examined, said. That the Naviga-Table. tion of the River Ouse is in several Places much ob-

structed by Shoals, and other Impediments, and the A Bill to empower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, River is in many Places'so shallow as to render it to shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of very inconvenient for the conveying of Goods and Vojl 45. S Merchandize

Merchandise thereon; and that it would be of great public Utility to ropfore, continue, and extend the Navigation of the said River from to

Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of and to the

Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield: Theq,

Mr. Samuel Waller being examined, said. That the extending the Improvement-of the Navigation of the said River to Cuckfield will be attended with great Advantage, by lessening the Expence of bringing Chalk for the Manure of the Lands in the Neighbourhood; and also, by lessening the Expence of carrying Timber down to the Sea, ami of bringing back Merchandize up into the Country; knd will therefore be of public Utility.

Mr. Jethro Turner confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Zeroes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Henry Lenox, and Sir Godfrey Webster, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on Marine itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the utmy Bil. gjji for Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Member ad- Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the ded to bring Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring &c. Road' ’ a for continuing an Act of the Ninth Year of Bill the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the

Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

Norwich and Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord-Caister ing to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, of the

Roacflhil Nmth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

presented. amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'lime.

Paetsch, Gar- A Petition of George John Christian -

bers, and <wig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur, was presented N^Petition. to House, "d read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bedwin and A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Bruce Preshute In- Rjyi cf Ailesbury, and the humble Petition of John Clark,

cosure «t>- William Jackman, James Whitelocke, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of the Common or Open Fields, Common Meads, and Commonable and Waste Lands and Tyfoes, within the Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, and other Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, might be greatly unproved, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof unto the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Marquis of Graham and Colonel Manners do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Liverpool Snuff in Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- -j^b^coAct. ting forth, That the Petitioners already find that the Act of the last Session of Parliament, which subjects them to the Laws of Excise, is attended with numberless Difficulties and Distresses — That the Rules and Regulations thereby imposed upon the Manufacturers are, in some Cases, impracticable, and must subject the Petitioners to heavy Forfeitures and Penalties, after having used their utmost honest Endeavours to comply with the Letter of the Law — That the several Notices, to take out of Bond and put into Operation, occasion a Delay of at least Forty-eight Hours before a Cask of Tobacco can be opened, and no Part can be disposed of, however pressing the Demand, till the whole Parcel under Process is actually completely manufactured, and many of the Petitioners are thereby obliged to deviate from their usual Manner and Process, from whence arises great additional Expence, Inconvenience, and Loss — That, after every Indulgence which the Officer can grant, Delays and Interruptions arise which are inconsistent with the Nature of the Trade, and that, from the present Slackness of Trade, there is every Reason to believe that the illicit Dealer has already found out Methods of supplying the Consumer, the Retail Trader being under* fewer Restrictions than the Manufacturer — That, upon the Exportation of Manufactured Tobacco, Security is required from the Exporter, in Three Shillings and Nine Pence, for every Pound Weight so exported, which Bond cannot be cancelled without a Certificate, from the Port, of such Tobacco being duly landed there, and such Certificates are sometimes obtained with great Difficulty, and, should they be delayed beyond the Time required by the said Law, the Parties concerned might thereby be involved in unavoidable Ruin: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, for a Repeal of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented, to the House, accord- Norwich and fog to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and Hatton Road varying the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in tha County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of

Wat ton,

30 Geo. III. 9° Februarii, 67

Watton, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Malt Bill A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty

commitud. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to a Committee of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Land Tax A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Bill com- Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-

outt*d* vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ac-Consolidated counts of the Income of, and Charges upon, the dered.°r" Consolidated Fund, in the Quarters ending the 5 th

Day of July and the loth Day of October 1789, and the 5th Day of January 1790.

Report

Supply.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider futher of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Seventy-eight thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Gue, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Forty-nine Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining Ris Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Coips of "Foot in New South including the

Charge of the Pay of the Commission Officers, Non-eonrmrasioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private 'Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Svageons, and Serjeants, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Vo 1. 45.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Difference That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two p,tween hundred and Forty-flvfe Pounds Ten Shillings and British «md One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Irish Estab-the Difference between the Charge of the British and IMuoents. Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot serving in North America and the West Indies, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, both Days inclusive.

Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Troops in That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four EasWndia. hundred and Thirty-five - Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting That a Sum, not exceeding, on Account, Sixty-four Land-Forces, thousand and Five hundred Pounds, be granted to &c'

His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Yetur One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resoboed That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pul1 p*y to That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Eight hun- ra Offerer*, dfed and Eight Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General and That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hun- General Staff dred and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted cere' to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Two pa master hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and General, &c. Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ReducedOffi-That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty- cere uf Land two thousand Seven hundred Ninety-seven Pounds porce8 *& Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to Manne9* His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and' Two Hone Pounds One Shilling arid Eight Pence, be granted’ to Guard*.

His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers arid Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemteri of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety. m

Resolved, That it is- the Opinion of this Committee, ReducedOffi-That a Sum, riot exceeding Fifty-five thousand and cere of British Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved>

9° — 10° Februarii.

A. 1790.

Allowances to Reduced Officers of British American Forces.

Officers late in the Service of the States General.

Corps of Foot for New South Wales.

Ordnance, previous to 31 Dec.1783, not provided for.

Ordnance, LandService, not provided for in 1788.

Ordnance for 1790.

Ordnance, Sea Service, not provided forin 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Four hundred and Eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Major Francis Grose's Corps of Foot for Service in New South Wales, for Two hundred and Three Days, from the Fifth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive; including the Charge of the Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to the Captains, Surgeon, Paymaster, and Serjeants.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Four Shillings and ThreePence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-mine Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Eighteen thousand Two hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for die Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General " of His Majesty’s Forces* and the more regular " Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Resolutions were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Mutiny Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ordered. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

MR. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Goudhurtt whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Roads Peti-for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made tion reporte and passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the " County of Kent," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Pope being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads; which Money now remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

And the Witness added, that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act, to enable the Trustees more effectjjflJly to carry the - Purposes thereof into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eight Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads, leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent: and that Mr. Marsham and Mr.

Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to Pointon In-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common closure Bill Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of Poin- rfPorled-ton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com* rnittee (except the Proprietor of One Common Right House, who, having been written to, returned no Answer; and also except the Proprietor of Two Common Right Houses and Twenty Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, entitled to Right of Common on the'

Lands to be inclosed, consist of One thousand and Eighty-seven Acres and an Half, or thereabouts; and the whole Number of Common Right Houses is Forty-nine; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone

through

69

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,- be ingrossed.

Norwich and Sir John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, to New Bucken- whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car-Petition rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the

reported. Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New in

the County of Norfolk, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Algar, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution . of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 2,470 /. which still remains due — That the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Debt paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John JVodehouse and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Norwich and 'Sir John JVodehouse presented to the House, ac-Trowse Road cording to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act of the Bill pre- Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for seoted' amending the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Old Bucicen- Sir John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, ham Inclo- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-wre Bill mons. Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of reported. Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands having Right of Common, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 65/. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands, whose Property is rated at 891, per Annum, who refused to sign, but made no material Objection to the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands, whose Property is rated at 421, per Annum, who would give no decisive Answer; and also, except the Owner of Lands, whose Property Vol. 45.

is rated at 15 I. per Annum, who is insane; and that the Whole of the Property of Persons having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, is rated at 1,674/. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace for Warwic -the County of Warwick, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, was presented to the House, and read; "*ltion-Setting forth, That the public Gaol of the said County, situate in the Town of Warwick, is too small, and not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of the Prisoners, and the same cannot be made sufficiently large and commodious, with proper Apartments for the Separation of the Prisoners, without taking dotvn certain Houses and other Buildings of small Value, and also making Use of certain small Pieces of Garden Ground, and extending the said Gaol across two public Lanes or Ways, called Bridewell Lane and Joyce Pool Lane, and the making the said Gaol sufficiently large will be attended with a very considerable Expence; and that the Petitioners conceive some Regulations might be made for the better Management of the said Gaol, and the Security of the Prisoners confined therein, and also for the better Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Gaol, and effecting the other Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Muti»y Bill cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and presented' Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Putsch, Caring to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Pcetsch, John ^*t’ua"d Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur: Nat. Bill And the same was received; and read the First Time, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Bierbaum’s whom the Bill for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum, Nat* ®'!1 was committed; That the Committee had examined p the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to re-. port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from Marine Mu. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tiny Bill

T for rePort®d‘

70 10* Februarii. . 1790.

for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second.Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed t» by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

RoIdPetf Sir JVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to

tion reported. whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing,

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Rees Stokes being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act,

and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum of 3,975/. now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and some wither Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke: And that Sir JVatkin Lewes, the Lord Milford, and Mr. Barlodo prepare, and bring in, the same.

ttaverford-west Reads Petition reported.

Sir JVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Pembroke,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that One of the Parishes through which the Road is to lead was not described in the Notices, it not being known at that Time that any Part of the Road would lead through that Parish, and which Piece of Road is not more than Half a Mile in Length); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rees Stokes being examined, said, That the several Roads described in the Petition are in many Parts much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers; and that it will be of public Utility to have the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Biff for amending, widening, ana keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, to a Place called Morris the Bailiffs, and to Great Treff-garne Bridge, and to the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City to the Harbour of Caerjai, in the Parish of Saint Davids, in the County of Pembroke: And that Sir JVatkin Lewes, the Lord Milford, and Mr. John Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending the 25th of December 1789, with the Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That-the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1790, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1788, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1790.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1788, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1790.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Account of Imports, Ac, of Rum and Sugar ordered.

Committee on Malt Bill,

Committee on Land Tax Bill.

litized b^.

30 Geo. III. 10° — 11° Februarii. 71

Supply de- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ftrrej. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean* de- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, erre to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Debtor* and Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for Creditors Bill the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, deferred. and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jams, 11° die Februa

Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

PeUch.Gar-bers, and Pasteur sworn*

GEORGE Peetsch, John Christian

and John Henry Pasteur;took the Oaths appointed,

in order to their Naturalization.

Glasgow Po- A Petition of John Campbell, Junior, Esquire, Lord lice Petition. Provost, James M‘Dawal, Esquire, James Gordon Esquire, and James M'L Esquire, Baillies, and the other Members of the Common Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves and as representing the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petite-era, some Years ago, purchased the Lands of

Meadowflat, and others lying adjacent to the said City, and the Inhabitants thereof having now greatly increased in Number, it has become necessary to feu and sell those Lands, for the Purpose of being built upon, which makes it expedient that the Royalty of the said City, and the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners, should be extended over the said Lands; and that it would also be greatly for the Benefit of the Inhabitants, and other Persons resorting to the said City, that certain new Streets and Avenues leading to and through the same were opened, that Footways and Pavements were made, that the Streets were better lighted and cleansed, that the Police and Markets were better regulated, and that certain Funds were raised, and Powers given for carrying these useful Purposes into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it. is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Archibald EdmonsUm, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Von. 45.

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road f rom Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same, and for several other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, Trustees for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkein the County of Middlesex, and of other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at " Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church " Yaid or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages theretoand that a considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the several Powers given by the said Act, but it is found that the good Purposes intended thereby cannot be effectually answered, unless the said Act is amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill to amend and enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Jer-voise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Cromford Canal Company was presented to ' the House, arid read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of iJerby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County; and, by the said Act, the Petitioners are authorized to take Water from the River,

and from several Brooks, Streams, Watercourses, and Mines, towards supplying the said Canal and collateral Cut, under certain Regulations and Restrictions for the Security of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Mills upon or near the said River; and that the Provisions contained in the said Act not being thought effectual by the Owners of some of the said Mills and Works on the River Denvent, for the Security of their Mills and Works, the Petitioners have consented that certain Alterations should be made in the said Act, for the better and more effectual Security of the said Mills; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and find that some Alterations are necessary for the more conveniently carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Alterations and Amendments in the said Act, and for giving such Security to the

Owners

Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham Roads Bill presented.

Clerkenwell Church Petition.

Cromford Canal Petition.

11° Februarii.

A. 1790.

Fogbrook Road Bill presented.

Owners of the said Mills, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the 6ame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr.

Ord, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, amending, and keeping m Repair, the Road from Fosbrook in the Parish of Dil-

poses, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, ac- Norwich and cording to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, of the NewBocken-

Burton Leonard Inclo* sure Bill reported.

..... , yv, , . Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

for*, through Ddiorn, and from thence to or near to and amending the Road from Gates, in the ed.

Chedleton, in the County of Stafford:And the same City of Norwich, to in the County of

was received; and read the First Time. Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the

Resolved, That the Bui be read a Second Time. j-jrs^ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, ac- Colneisand cording to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Carlford Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, in the Township of Burton , in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ap 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors

A Petition of Noah Turmine, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Turmine’s Nat. Pcti-

of about 47 Acres of Land; and that the Whole of accordi \0 the prayer of the said Petition: And that

T mtonHnrl frt Ka in/* noaH amm 1 nfc tn O*!O c*_____ _ J ' _ _ 1

the Lands, intended to be inclosed, amounts to 273 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declar

Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Hairy Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Streatham

Workhouse

Petition.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re e continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the j Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

ing that no Exchange of Church Lands shall be made iyjiere tyie Amendments were Once read throughout; without the Consent of the Diocesan. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

And the said Clause was Twice read; mid, upon the Quesdon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be j[ouse

made Part of the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ossed.

ingrossed. 6

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ®*h reportgranting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to ed* be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Ninety, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Parish of Streatham,in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is large and populous, and the Poor thereof being very numerous, it would render the Rates for their Relief much less buthensome, and the Poor would be better maintained, if a Workhouse was provided, wherein they might be received and employed; and that it often happens that the Persons appointed Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, do not execute the Duties of their Office themselves, but leave them to be performed by interested Deputies, by which means the Poors Rates are frequently much misapplied, and rendered more heavy than is necessary, which it is apprehended might, in a great Degree, be prevented, if a proper Person was appointed to act as additional Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Pur-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lancaster thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners for Debt in His Debtors Pt- Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, was presented dtion. to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered,

Old Burkcn-bam Inclosure Bill parsed*

Mutiny Bill committed.

Slave Trade deferred.

Lewes and Cuckfield Navigation Bill presented.

London Petition against the Tobacco Act.

30 Geo. III. 11° — J <£° Feb73

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the by Jury, the undoubted Right and highest Privilege of Table. which Britons can boast, on the Allegation of- a temporary Increase of Revenue: and therefore praying the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- House, That the said Act may be repealed, or to grant mons, Fens, and Waste Lands, w’ithin the Parish of them such other Relief as to the House shall seem Old Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read meet.

the Third Time. OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Table, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, Harewood Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure Bill

Ordered, That Sir John IVodthouse do carry the Bill Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Dun-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. kesuick , Huhy Common, IVe Common,

and lGreen, within the Manor and Parish of A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Harewood, in the County of York, was committed; the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, That the Committee had examined, and found that the was read a Second Time. Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee plied with; and that the Committee had examined the of the whole House. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and upon the said Bill. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had The other Order of the Day being read; directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the who'e Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the which have been presented to this House, relative to the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the State of the African Slave Trade. House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ingrossed.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Pkateus.

MR. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Levees Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco M and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu " thereof," the Petitioners are deeply concerned to find that their Fellow Citizens, the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, have become subject to the Law's of Excise; and that, although the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue for the Exigencies of the Nation, and willing, upon all Occasion , chearfully to bear their Proportion of the Public Burthen, they cannot silently acquiesce in any Part of their Fellow Subjects being deprived of the Trial V o l. 45.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com- Linton In-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing closure Bill several Open Fields, and a Stinted Pasture, called reported. Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Selby Bridge Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Petition, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Towns of Selby, Smith, and Thome, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Vicinity thereof respectively, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is no Communication, except by Ferries, over the River Ouse,between the Ridings

and Districts bounded by the said River, from the City of York, to the River Humber, which are upwards of Forty Miles distant from each other by Water, and near Thirty by Land; and that the Ferry over the said River at Selby aforesaid, called Selby Ferry, is nearly Central, in both these Respects, between the City of York and the Humber, much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only way for the Inhabitants of several of the adjacent Villages to pass to and from their Market,

U which

74

12.° Februarii. A. 1790.

which is held every Monday at Selby aforesaid, an ancient, populous, and improving Town; and that the Passage over the said Ferry, and every other Ferry upon the Ouse, is, at all Times, attended with Delay, in some Seasons dangerous, and at others impassable, and, if a Bridge was erected at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse at Selby, the same would be of great public Utility, and of essential Service to the East, West, and North Ridings of the County of York, the Counties of Lincoln, Lancaster, and TV , and the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, at Selby aforesaid, and purchasing from the Person interested in the said Ferry, his Right and Interest therein, in such Manner as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. D Mr. Wilberfo/xe,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Burton Leonard Tnclo-Eure Bill passed.

Bierbaura’s Nat. Bill passed.

Polnton Inclosure Bill passed.

Birmingham and Bromsgrove Roads Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their-Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Julius George baum, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of Point on, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Tirpe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow-Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Cawthom do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in repairing, widening, and making commodious the said Road from Birmingham to Bromsgrove (which is the great Road from Birmingham to Worcester, Gloucester, Bath, Bristol, and all the West of England) in doing whereof a considerable Debt hath been contracted, o4 ‘

which cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, or wholly repealed, and other Powers granted; and that the said Road from Birmingham to Bromsgrove is exceedingly narrow in many Parts, which has occasioned various Accidents to Carriages, and, from the N ature and Hilly Situation of the Country through which the same passes, it will be necessary, in some I laccs, to vary and alter the Course thereof, and to purchase Land, as w ell for those Purposes, as for w idening the old Road in several Parts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert , Sir George

Augustus William Shuckburgh,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Warwick whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Gaol Petition Peace for the County of Warwick, in General Quarter reP°rtei1, Sessions assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Charles Henry Hunt, Esquire, being examined, said, that the public Gaol of the said County, situate in the Town of Warwick,is too small, and is not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of the Prisoners; and that the same cannot be made sufficiently large and commodious, with proper Apartments for the Separation of the Prisoners, without taking down certain Houses, and other Buildings (of small Value) and also making use of certain small Pieces of Garden Ground, and extending the said Gaol across two public Lancs or Ways; and that the making the said Gaol sufficiently large will be attended with a very considerable Expence.

And the Witness added. That it w ill be necessary to make some Regulations for the better Management of the said Gaol, and Security of the Prisoners confined therein, and also for the better Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Newport and Order, a Bill for re-building the Bridges over the Caerleon River Uske,at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Bridges Bill

Monmouth: And the same was received; and read the Presented-First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination port of £x_ of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of animation «f the severel Petitioners who have petitioned this House Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who ^lUionof were empowered to report the Minutes of such Ex- the Slave

amination, Trade.

30 Geo. III.

12" — -15® Febmarii

75

Turmine's Nat. Hill presented.

House to adjourn to Monday.

animation, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and.he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Sir JohnWodehouse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Noah mine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Miller have Leave to make of t|ie a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. Buildings at

And he moved the House accordingly. Somerset

Ordered, That Sir William Chambers do lay before or* this House, the Plan of the Buildings that have been, and are now, carrying on at Somerset Place.

Ordered, That Sir James Johnstone have Leave to Account of make a Motion. Money ex-

And lie, moved the House accordingly. Somerset*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an place, or. Account of the Money expended in the Buildings at dered. Somerset Place; together with an Estimate of the further Expences which may attend the completing such Buildings.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Malt Bill passed.

Land Tax Bill passed.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Committee on Mutiny Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Alait. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 45.

Lunce, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 3o# Georgii IIP* Regis, 1790.

Praters.

NTOAH TURMINE took the Oaths appointed, Turmin* in order to his Naturalization. sworn.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Accounts of of this House had received several Returns to the Costs allowed Order of the House, of the 17th Day of July, in the Irie/in last Session of Parliament, " That the Sheriffs of the County " several Counties in England do, early Courts.

" in the next Session of Parliament, transmit to the " Clerk of this House correct Accounts of the Costs " allowed on Taxation in their several County Courts,

" in Actions tried therein, whether by Common Plaint,

" in Default, or by Justices ;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Norwich Commonalty of the City of Norwich, in Common Waterworks Council assembled, was presented to the House, and *>etitloa' read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of certain Works within the said City, for raising Water from the River Wenson, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Parts adjacent, but the Petitioners have not sufficient Powers to convey a full and amply Supply of Water for the Use of the said Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners find that, in order to enable them to afford a regular and ample Supply of Water for the Use of the said Inhabitants, it will be necessary that certain new and additional Works should be made and erected, and certain Powers granted to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Wind-ham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at

76

15° Febrnaii,

A. 1790.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Norwich and A Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of Trouse Road Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the mRted!'1* Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of

to Block Hill, in Trou se, at the Angle where the Road

Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called rvick Common, Huby Common, Common, and

Weeton Green, within the Manor and Parish of Hare-wood, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich and Caister Causeway Road Bill committed.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing an Act of the Ninth Year of

A Petition of Richard Benyon, Esquire, and the Re- Petition divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk, verend Peter Beauvoir (Rector of the Parish of Saint was read a Second Time. John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex) Lords of church bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory, of Hackney Hobart, Mr. Windham, &c.: And they are to meet aforesaid, as Trustees and Devisees in Fee under the

Will of Francis John Tyssen, Esquire, deceased, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates, and principal Inhabitants, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the depending in the House, to enable Trustees to pur-Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the C ity of Norwich, c^_asc Land in such Part of the said Parish as they shall to a Stone, formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where think fit, and to build a new Parish Church, with the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two other Buildings, thereon, and likewise to set out Part Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth, of such Land for a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the was read a Second Time. Inhabitants of the said Parish; and Alledging, That

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry the present Church of the said Parish might, at a very Hobart, Mr. Windham, &c.: And they are to meet moderate Expence, be repaired, and made sufficiently this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s commodious for the Parishioners, and therefore the Chamber. purchasing Land, and erecting and fitting up a new

Parish Church, and other Buildings, as aforesaid (which A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the must be attended with a very considerable Expence) will r " ’ ’ '*r " TT’ ----- -- create a great and unnecessary Burthen upon the Peti-

tioners, and the several other Inhabitants, and Owners

:£'

A

Norwich and _

WattonRoad Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present mitted"1* Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Qate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Windham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ham Road Bill committed.

Norwich and A Bill for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of il* m^*n" Present Majesty, for repairing and amending the "m Road from Bersti'eet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to

New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Windham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Paetsch, Garbers And Pasteur's Nat. Bill committed.

A Bill for naturalizing George John Christian

Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of Lands and Estates, within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill in its present Form, and against the several Provisions thereof, and that the Powers thereof may be confined to repairing and enlarging the present Parish Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Church Yard, belonging thereto, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Fosbrook Road Bill committed.

The Lord Eardley presented to the House, accord- Coventry ing to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, Paving Bi lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the PresenUi

A Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Re. Suburbs "d re"0,i-ng "1 f e,?"dn.« Nuii

pmr, the Hoed U «&in Urn vUotDiL

lorn, through Dillom, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower, &c.; and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the lnctoauie Bill several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called puaed. Dunkeswick Common, Huby Common, Common, and Weeton Green, within the Manor and Parish

Harewood

improving

public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in Maidstone Maidstone Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Com- Debtors plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Goudhurst of Harewood, in the County of York, was read the Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Roads Bill Third Time. an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for Pre*ent*i

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst,

Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham Roads Bill committed.

Linton Inclosure Bill pasted.

Marine Mutiny Bill passed.

Mickleover

Inclosure

Petition.

Petition for

additional

Provision

in the

Leicester,

Arc. Road

Bill.

30 Geo. III. 15° Februarii. 77

hurst, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Bead from Hyde Park Corner to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads, within the Parishes of Saint George Hanoroer Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea,

and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same; and for several other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Liberty or Lordship, several Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that, if the said Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and allotted to the respective Owners and Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the Parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Vol. 45.

repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester-, and that Two Pieces of Road, the one called Hunt's Lane, in the Parish of Desford, and the other Wood Lane, in the Parish of Newbold Verdon,branching out of the said Turnpike Road, are narrow, and very much out of Repair, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others travelling along the said Lanes, if the same were made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purpose, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and Report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Maldraeth, thereunto subscribed, being interested in, and entitled &c.Emlmuk* to, Allotments of the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, was presented pJStiouf to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, embanking, draining, and preserving the said Marsh, and for other Purposes, whereby Power was given to the Commissioners for carrying the Act into Execution, to raise Money for defraying the Expences of the said Embankment and Drainage, by certain Rates or Dues, to be collected for the Tonnage and Wharfage of Goods, Wares, and Commodities conveyed upon the Cuts or Channels to be made for draining and preserving the said Marsh, and also by a Pound Rate or Assessment upon the Owners and Proprietors of the said Marsh; and that the said Commissioners have expended a considerable Sum of Money in erecting a Bank, and other Works, to prevent the said Lands being overflowed by the Sea, but the same were washed down and destroyed by the high Tides in October last, and it appears that the making a Bank of sufficient Heighth and Strength against the Sea, and also such other Banks, Drains, and Works, as shall be necessary for draining and preserving the said Marsh, will be attended with a much greater Expence than was apprehended at the Time of passing the said Act, and that the Money authorized to be raised by the said Act will not be sufficient to defray such Expence; and that a very considerable Quantity of the inclosed Lands and Grounds, adjoining and lying near to the said Marsh, will be drained, and greatly improved, by the effectual Embankment and Drainage of the said Marsh, and the Petitioners conceive it is reasonable that the Owners and Proprietors of such inclosed Lands and Grounds should contribute towards the Expence thereof: And therefore praying, That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for raising such further Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to defray the Expence of effectually embanking, draining, and preserving the said Marsh, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bayly, Mr. Ord,:

X And.

Accounts of Consolidated Fund

presented.

78 15° Februarii. A. 1790.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of July 1789: And also,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending the 10th Day of October 1789: And also,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1790.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund in the Quarter ended 5th Day of July 1789.

o

o

o

OQ

INCOME.

o

f ——

Consolidated Duties of Excise

D® Customs

D® Stamps

D® - - Salt

D° Letter Money - -

Tax On Hackney Coaches and Chairs

D* - - Hawkers and Pedlars

D® - - Houses and Windows, 1766

D* - - Inhabited Houses, A® 1779

D® - - Shops, - - A* 1785

D* - - Horses, - D*

D* - - Male Servants, - D* 1)° - - Female D°, - - D®

D° - - Four Wheel Carriages, D® D* - - Two Wheel D® - - D® D° - - Waggons, - - D®

D® - - Carts, - - D®

CJ3

o

O

w

o

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Three Months, due 5th July 1789 4-ths Excise - with 11* — - for D® - -

3,700 /. per Week Excise, with D® - — for D® -

A® 1706, ..... with D® - - - for D'....

A® 1707, - - with D° - - - for D® -

per 1st Act, A® 1708 - - with D-for D® -

per 2d Act, A® 1708 - - with D* - - - for D® -

Annuities on Lives, A® 1745, for Six Months, due D* - -

A® 1746, for D® ——

A® 1757, for D®....

A® 1778, for D® -

A® 1779, for D® ——

£. s.

12,428 15 7 3,677 16 —

7,957 n 8 6,181 2

2,038 — 1,229

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on 24,065,0841?. 13*. lift?., their present Capital, for One Quarter, due 5th July 1789 - -

Annuity and Management on 1,919,600l., for Half a Year, due D®, after abating the Sum of 42/. 3 s. 9 d.being after the Rate of 562/. 10s. per Million on the Principal Sum of 150,000 /., purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

2,649

6,159

11,233

12,283

1,384

2,587

6

2

5

12

16

9

iof

6*

1 i

3*

6

6

6

3 i

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity and Management on 107,399,696/. 5 1 3 per Cent. Consol. Annts. for Half

a Year, due the 5th July 1789, after abating 360/. for Half of 720/., being after the Rate of 450/. per Million on the Principal Sum of 1,600,000l., purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

1,634,800 7 6

<V

183,993 13 5 i

29,291 14 —

O

c c S 3

p. CA

P° i s. per Lib. on Salaries and Pensions, &c. A* 1758 D° 6 d. per Lib. on D* r - - - A* 1721

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods

Sheriffs Proffers

Compositions *

Compositions by the Bank of England, in lieu of a Stamp Duty on Notes, and Bills issed by theip - -

Alienation Duty - -

£. 3. d.

Imprest Money re-paid by Daniel Mc Namara, Esquire, Executor to Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces - 1,367 18 7

D° - - by Robert Adair and Joseph Partridge, Esquires, Executors of John Adam Fred. Hesse - - 518 15 —

D* - - by Joseph Peart, Esquire, on.

Account of Non-effective Deductions, &c. of the South Lincoln Militia - 240 15 3

D* - - by Lord North, and the Executors of George Cooke, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces - - 2,793 14 8

D* - by James Meyrick, Executor of James'Meyrick, Esquire, late Agent to the 66tn Regiment - - — 2 —

d.

I Annuity and Management on 17,869,993/. lod. after the Rate of 5 per Cent.

Annuity and Management on 1,000,000 /., after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum,

for D® - -....

Annuity and Management on 3,200,000l., after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Ann. for One Quarter, ended 12th May 1789 -

Annuity and Management on 4,000,000 /., purchased of the South Sea Company, for One Quarter, ended 5th July 1789 -

Annuity on 300,000 /., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for D®

D° - - - - 1,250,000l., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for D®

D® - - - - 1,750,000l., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for D® *

D* - t - 986,800l., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

Annuity on 3,200,000l., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. foi One Quarter, ended 5th July 1789 -D° - - - 1,000,000l., at 3 per Cent. per. Ann. for D® -

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for D*

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences, for D® - -

More to him, as late Messenger to the above Office, - - - for D® *

Ann Cass, late Office Keeper in the above Office, - - - - for D®

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries - for D®

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household, ----- for D°

His Royal Highness Henry Fred. Duke of Cumberland, on his Annuity of 8,000l., for D*

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on D'

D®.....D°.....- on D®

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow t - - - - on D°

The Earl of Chatham ----- ----- on D*

George Lord Rodney - -- - on D*

Lord Heathfield - - ----- ---- on D®

Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest, on D®

Lord Cardiffe, D° - - - - -- -- - on D*

Philip Deare, Esquire - - -- -- - on D°

John Wigglesworth, Esquire - -- -- - on D®

John Lloyd, Esquire - ----- ---- on D®

Charles Harris, Esquire.....- - - - on D*

Sir William Musgrave, Baronet, John Thomas Batt, and John Martin Leake, Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on D®, 1,000l. each, for D® -Sir John Dick, Baronet, and William Molleson, Esquire, D®, on D®, - - 500 each for D® -

Lady Dorchester, Guy Carleton, Esquire, and Thomas Carlton, Esquire, on their Annuity of - -- -- - 1,000 - - for D® -

8,000l., for D® 9,000l., for D® 3,000l., for D® 4,000l., for D® 2,000l., for D® 1,500l., for D® 7,000l., for D® D®, for D® 300l., for D® L®, for D® D®, for D® 200 /., for D®

£ d.

450,77° U $

15,225 ——

25,000 ——

30,474 to 10

3,750 -

9.375 -

13>,25 ——

7,401 ——

24,000 ——

7,500 -

3,262 10 —

10 — 3

----- S:

32 10 —

5 ——

5 ——

162 224,500

2.000 — —

2.000 -

2,250 ——

75o ——

1.000 -

500 ——

375 ——

1.750 -

1.750 -

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

750 ——

250 ——

250 — —

Or

o

<*V

3

a

<0

o

o

& D* - - by William Cowden, Agent to the 16th Regiment

600

Arrears of the Tax on Houses and Windows, A* 1726

D* - - 49th 4s. Aid, A# 1785 -

’£.229 1 10 - 1,621----

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, fori the Quarter ended 5th July 1789 - J <t,‘

£. s. !' For Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts - if* s. d. 1,500

5,52i 5 6 The Earl of Effingham, Master of His Majesty’s Mint in England towards the Expences of the Mint, in the Year 1789 - -- - 3,450

The Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, to pay Fees for Warrants at the Treasury and Exchequer, &c. for Fees on passing their Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus, for Two Years, to 5th July 1785 - -- - 809 3 6

1,850 1 10 Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th July 1789 | Surplus on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th July 1789 - 2,752,144 a 11 i 616,290 15 9f

3,368,434 18 9 i

1 £- 3,368,434 18 9!

O

w

o

Memorandums

The above Sum of 616,290/. 15s. 9 \d. is to be applied to the following Purposes;

By Cash to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by Parliament for reducing the National Debt

By D°, in further Part of 2,545,000l. granted for the Service of the Year 1788

£. s. d.

- 250,000 ——

- 366,290 15 91 £.616,290 15 9*

Or

o

<V

<3*

3

Si

3.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of February 1790.

William Rose Haworth.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending the 10th Day of October 1789.

t db

ta.

INCOME.

£ s. d.

Consolidated Duties of Excise - - 1,724,643 — —

D® - - - - Customs - m - 1,579,290 4 61

D® - - - - Stamps m - - 361,004 16 8

D® - - - - Salt - - - - 96,942 14 2 X

D®, - Letter Money m m - 85,000 — —

Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs - - - 3,000 — —

D® - - Hawkers and Pedlars - m - 1,300 —

D® - - Houses and Windows, A* 1766 64,317 _ 1 11 fi

1 I

0 cq‘ D® - - Inhabited Houses, A® 1779 - 35>3o6 1 M,

n" CD CL D* - - Shops, ----- A® 1785 - - 10,594 9 11

0 D® - .- Horses,- ----- D® - - - 18,952 1 5i

m ▼ 0 D* - -Male Servants, - - - - D® «» 14,229 19 *-»M OO

0 -

D® - - Female, ----- D® - - 5,373 9 2 f

ru D® - - Four Wheel Carriages, - D®. - - - *0,135 *5 6 i

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Three Months, due 10th October 1789 4 ths Excise, - with D°, for I)® -

3,700l. per Week Excise, with D®, for D® -

A® 1706, ..... with D®, for D° ——

A® 1707, - with D®, for. D* ——

per ist Act 1708, - - with D®, for D® -

per 2d Act 1708, - - with D®, for D® - - - - r

Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, A® 1766, for Half a Year, due D® -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on 24,065,084/. 13#. n their present Capital, for Three Months, due loth October 1789 ——

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity and Management on 32,750,000 /. 4 per Cent. Consol. Annts. for Six Months, due 10th October 1789 ——

Annuity and Management far 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18th and s.

19th Geo. 3,h R®, for D® ▼ - - - 204,440 1 5 il

Annuity for 18 I Years, by Act 29th Geo. 3*" R*, for D® - - 7,000 16 3 /

Annuity and Management on 37,340,073/. 16#. 4 3 per Cent. Reduced Annts. for

D®, after abating the Sum of 153/. for Half of 306/. being after the Rate of 45Q/. per Million on the Principal Sum of 680,000l. purchased by the Commissioners far she Reduction of the National Debt -

Annuity and Management for long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament,

for D®.....- - -....

Annuity granted A® 1777, for 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of 25,000l. per Ann, which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for D® -

d.

12,428 15 7 i 3,677 16 — 7.9.57 11 8

6,181 2 lOf

2,038 — 6f 1,229 1 i

2,649 6 31

270 ——

sr

183,993 13 5

662,368 15 — 211,440 17 8 i

568,349 12 5 ?

344,014 12

H-

12,500 — —

11

D* Two Wheel D® - - - D® 4,038 1 5

D° - - Waggons, -' - - - - D® 2,931 8 3

D® - - Carts, ----- - D* 1,047 — 1 *

D* - - 1 s.per Lib. on Salaries and Pensions, A® 1758 19,090

D* - - 6d.per Lib. onD® - - - A® 1721 11,000

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods 14,175 18 7

Sheriffs Proffers ----- -- 519 3 6

Compositions ----- -- 1 10 —

Rent of Alum Mines - - - 480

Imprest Money re-paid by Isaac Winslow & s" Clerke, Executor of Jonathan Clerke - 446 14 9

D* - - - - by John Hatsell, Esquire - 179 16 1

D* - - - - by Robert Mackenzie, late Paymaster of the Provincial Troops In America - 1,796 — 5!

o

o

00

Money paid by Sir John Chichester, Baronet, Sheriff of the County of Devon, by Distress on John Harris, in Part of a Bond of 200l.

10 6

2,423 1 9 i

Annuity and Management on 3,300,000l. at 3 /. per Cent per Ann. for One Quarter, due 12th August 1789 ——

Annuity and Management on 4,000,000l. purchased of the South Sea Company, for D*, due 10th October 1789 ——

Annuity 00500,000l. - ----- - at D® - -- -- - for D®

Annuity on 1,250,000l. ----- - at D® ----- --- for D®

Annuity on 1,750,000l. ----- -- at D® ----- --- for D°

Annuity on 986,800l. - at D° - - for D*

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

Annuity on 3,200,000l. at 3/. perCent. per Ann. for One Quarter, due 10th October 1789 Annuity on 1,000,000l. at D*‘- - - - for D*

Management on the above Capital of 4,200,000l. for One Year, due D®

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for One Quarter, due D® -

Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences ----- -- for D*

More to him, as late Messenger to the above Office - - for D®

Ann Cass, late Office Keeper in the above Office - - for D®

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for D*

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household - - - - for D®

His Royal Highness Henry Fred. Duke of Cumberland, on his Annuity of 8,000l. for D® -His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on D® - - - 8,000l. for D® -

D* ----- ----- ----- - on D°-- - 9,000 /. for D® -

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow...on D° - - - 3,coo/. for D®-

The Earl of Chatham - - - . - onD*- - - 4,000 /. for D® -

George Lord Rodney ----- --- - on D*-- - 2,000l. for D* -

Lord Heathfield - ----- ----- - on D® - - - 1,500l. for D®-

Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest, on D® - - - 7,000l. for D® -

Lord Cardiffe, D® ----- - - - - on D° - - - - D®, for D* -

Philip Deare, Esquire ----- ----- on D® - - - 300l. for D®-

John Wigglesworth, Esquire - - onD®- - -.- D®, for D® -

John Lloyd, Esquire - -- - - -- - on D® - - - - D®, for D® -

Charles Harris, Esquire - - on D* - - - 200l. for D®-

Sir William Musgrave, Baronet, John Thomas Batt, and John Martin Leake, Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of 1,000l. each, for D®-Sir John Dick, Baronet, and William Molleson, Esquire, D®, on D°, 500l. each, for D* -

Lady Dorchester, G uy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Esquires, on their Annuity of 1,000 /. for D* ForClerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts -The Earl of Effingham, Master of His Majesty’s Mint in England, towards the Expences of the Mint in the Year 1789

£. a. d.

25,000 ——

30,474 10 10 J

3,750 ——

9.375 ——

13,125 ——

7.401 ——

24,000 — —

7,500 ——

1,687 10 —

05 O

Q

6

o

3,26210

3210 5 —

5 —

162 10 224,500 —

2.000 —

2.000 — 2,250 —

750 —

1.000 — 500 —

375 —

1.750 —

1.750 -r-

75 — 75 — 75 — 50 —

750 — 250 — 250 — 1,500 —

3,450 ——

Or

9

<v

O'

Vi

8:

gio

is

— 4

5

o*

£ d. £. s. d.

Arrears of 46th 4s. Aid A* 1789 14 — 6

47th - - - 1783 - 263 8 4

48th - - - 1784 311 16 11f

49th - - - 1785 283 12 8f

51st - - - 1787 - 1,000

Duty on Malt, A* 1784 - i,39° 1 2 3,262 19 8

Money paid for Licences to sell A* 1788 - Lottery Tickets, 1,000 — —

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 10th Day of October 1789 £ 4,070,058 16 6

g

eg'

H-

N*

CD

Q.

cr

CD

o

Exchequer, the 15th Day of February 1790.

The Sheriffs of England and Wales, for their Charges of taking forth their Letters Patent for their respective Offices, and for passing their Accounts for One Year, ended 10th October 1789 ——

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland, for One Year, ended 10th May 1789 ——

The Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries, for the Quarter ended £. &

5th January 1789 - -- -- - 353 19 10 $1

D#, 5th April 1789 - -- -- - 358 6 6iJ

D*, for printing Exchequer Bills, made out on the Credit of the Consolidated Fund - -

The Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, for Interest of Exchequer Bills, made out on D° - -

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 10th October 1789 -Surplus of D* - - - .- - D°

Memorandum:

The above Sum of 1,665,431 2$. 2 is to be applied to the following Purposes;

By Cash to be applied by the Commissioners appointed s. d.

by Parliament for reducing the National Debt - - 250,000-

ByD°, in full of 2,545,000l. granted for the Service of the Year 1788 ----- - 153,777 1 TO

By D°, in Part of 1,530,000l. granted for the Service of the Year 1789 ----- - 1,261,654 — 4F

*rfrt

i 3 *9

p

sr

a-

I s. d.

4,000 — —

6,335 15

711 6 5i

37 14 3f

5,3n 10 8

2,404,627 1,665,431 14 2 3i 2i

4,070,058 l6 6

oe>

3

Si

2'

£. 1,665,431 2

l

-3

O

William Rose Haxcorllu

D

cq‘

— h

n’

CD

Q.

cr

n

o

o

5Q_

FT

o

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1790.

O

t*3

o

INCOME.

Consolidated Duties of Excise D* - - - - Customs D° - - - - Stamps D® ... - Salt -D® - Letter Money -Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs D® - - Hawkers and Pedlars -D® — Houses and Windows, A® 1766 -N D® - - Inhabited Houses, A® 1779 -D® - - Shops, ----- A® 1785 -

D® - - Horses, ----- - D®

D® - - Male Servants, - - - - D®

D® - - Female D®, ----- D®

D® - - Four Wheel Carriages, - D®

D® - - Two Wheel D® - - - - D® -D® - - Waggons, ----- D®

I)° - - Carts, ----- - D®

£ s.

1,533,438 7 10 848,664 18 2£

273,886 ——

92,749 9 11|

64.000 ——

4,000 ——

880 ——

146,134 16 — f

49.001 7 41

14,952 14 10* 41,584 19 10

32,445 7 2

12,563 3 8 50,888 19 3 12,055 1 5 7,837 6 2 3,762 9 4 f

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Three Months, due 5th January 1790 7-ths Excise, - - - with D® - - for D® -3,700 per Week Excise, with D® - - for D® -A® 1706, - - - - with D® - - 4br D® -

1707, - - - - with D® - - for D® -

per 1st Act 1708, - with D® - - for D* -

2d Act 1708, - with D® - - for D® -

Annuities on Lives, A* 1745, for Six Months, due D®.

A® 1746, for D® ——

A® 1757, for D®....

A® 1778, for D® ——

A® 1779, for D®.....- -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on 24,065,084/. 13$. lift/, their present Capital, for One Quarter, due 5th January 1790 ——

Annuity and Management on 1,919,600l. for Half a Year, due D®, after abating the Sum of 49/. 4$. 4f d.as the Half of 98/. 8$. 9 being after the Rate of 562/. 10 per Million, on the Principal Sum of 175,000l. purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity and Management on 107,399,696/. 55. 1 id. 3/. per Cent. Consol. Annuities, for Half a Year, due 5th January 1790, after abating 444/. 6d. for Half of

888/. 15 s.being after the Rate of 450/. per Million on the Principal Sum of i,975,oooo/. purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

s- d.

12,428 15 7 f

3,677 16

7,957 11 8

6,181 2 lOf

2,038 — 6 f

1,229 13 1 *

2,649 6 31

6,159 2 6

n,233 5 —

12,283 12 6

1,384 16 6

2,587 9 3 f

Or

o

o*

183,993 13

5 i

29,284 13 4 f

1,634,716 —

00

Or

*10 c o

3 3 Q- to O

cL‘

m

P* l s. per Lib. on Salaries and Pensions, A0 1758 -D# 6d. per Lib. on D* - - - A* 1721

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods -Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions -

Compositions by the Bank of England, in lieu of a Stamp Duty ore Notes and Bills issued by them

Alienation Duty ——

£. s. d.

Money paid by John Russell, Esquire,

Agent to the Glamorgan Militia - 11 16 2

2,150 18 11 1,515 7

500 ——

34 7 2

D" - - - George Ross and Alex-

ander Gray, Agents to the 38th

Regiment

191 4 —

D* - - - Joseph White, on Account of George Hesse, late Agent to the 70th Regiment - 1,500 ——

D* - - - Sir George Cornwall,

Baronet, Executor of John Amyand 447 18' 9

o

CQI

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

oo_

FT

Arrears, of 49th 45. Aid, 1785 - 75 7 10

— 51st - - - 1787 - 1,439'iff 3TI

Money paid by James Parsons, for Taxes, on Account of Thomas Allen, late Receiver General of the County of Somerset ——

Money paid for Licences to sell Lottery Tickets, A0 1788 ——

£. d.

698 14 6

20,000 ——

2,710 5 5

22 9 5

— 3 4 6,000 ——

00

Oi

*»jrj § § P-S

sr

Annuity and Management on 17,8(19,993/. 9 s. 10 after the Rate of 5 /. per Cent, for I)° _ _ _ ' _ _

Annuity and Management on 1,000,000l. after the Rate of perCent per Annum, for D"....

Annuity and Management on 3,200,000l. after the Rq.te of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, for One Quarter, ended 12th November 1789 -

Annuity and Management on 4,000,000l. purchased of the South Sea Company, for One Quarter, ended 5th January 1790 - - - - -

Annuity on 500,000 /. at 3 /. per Cent per Annum, for D°

D® - - 1,250,000l. at 3/. perCent, per Annum, for D®

D® - - 1,750,000/, at 3/. perCent. per Annum, for D® -

D® - - 980,800l. at 3/. perCent. per Annum, for D®

£. s. d.

450,770 11 8£

15,225 ——

25,000 ——

30,474 10 lot

3,750 ——

9>375 ——

13,125 ——

7,401 ——

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

Annuity on 3,200,000l. at 3 /. per Cent, per Ann. for One Quarter, ended 5th January 1790 D# - - 1,000,000l. at 3/. per Cent, per Ann* for D® - -

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for D® -Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences, for D* -More to him, as late Messenger to the above Office - - - - for D® -

Ann Cass, late Office Keeper in the ahoye Office ----- for D° -

The Officers of the Exchequer Bill Gjjftce, on their Shanes - - for D° -

For the Support of His Majesty’s lfou?e)iold - - - for D° -

His Royal Highness Henry Fred. Dukp of Cumberl^K), on his Annuity of 8,000l. for D° -

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on D* - - 8,000l. for D® -

D® - -- -- -- - on D®-- 9,000l.for D® -

The Representatives of Arthur Onslqw - - - - onD* - - 3,000l. for D® -

The Earl of Chatham ----- ----- on D° - - 4,000l. for D* -

George Lord Rodney - -- - on D'- - 2,000l. for D° -

Lord Heathfield ----- ----- -- on D° - - 1,500l. for D# -

Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest, on D* - - 7,000l. for D° -

Lord Cardiff, D® - -- - on D®-- 7,000l. for D® -

Philip Deare, Esquire - -- - on D*- - 300l. for D® -

John Wigglesworth, Esquire- ----- --- on D* - - 300l.forD® -

John Lloyd, Esquire ----- ----- - on D® - - 300l. for D* -

Charles Harris, Esquire ----- ----- on D® - - 200l. for D° -

Sir William Musgrave, Baronet, John Thomas Batt, and John Martin Leake, Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Publie Accounts, on their Annuities of 1,000l. each, for D® -Sir John Dick, Baronet, and Wm Molleson, Esquire, D° .- on D® 500 /. each, for D® -Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Esquires, on

their Annuity of* - 1,000l. - for D° -

24,000 — 7,5oo —

3,262 10

32

5

5

- 162 224,500

2.000

2.000 2,250

750

1,000-

500

375

i»750

G750

75

75

75

50

10

10 —

750 -

250 ——

250 ——

Or

o*

K

25

o

D* - - - by Thomas Steele, Esquire, for Interest on 187,000l. Annts. granted by Act of Parliament 29 Geo. 3'" ——

r

Total Inoome of the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th Day of January 1790 - £.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of February 1790.

O

I*

2

£. s. d. 4,026 ——

3,226,503 7 — *

For Clerics, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts -The Earl of Chesterfield, Master of His Majesty’s Mint in England, towards the Expences of the Mint, in the Year ending 5th January 1790 ——

Robert Smyth, Esquire, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Mint in Scotland, for D* -The Clerk of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery, towards defraying the Charges of Salaries and Allowances in that Office ——

The Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries, for the Quarter ended s. d.

5th July 1789 - - - - 421 16 4il

D* - - - 10th October 1789 ----- - 462 6 7

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1790 «£

Surplus on D* - - - - D* - -

£. s. d.

1,500 — *

3,450 — —

1,200 — *

1,600 — —

884 3 —

2,754,927 14 4 i

47 >,575 12

3,226,503 7 I %

Memorandum:

The above Sum of 471,575/. 12 8 J is to be applied to the

following Purposes j viz.

By Cash, to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by Parliament

for reducing the National Debt - - - £ 250,000 ——

By D*, in further Part of 1,530,000l. granted for the Service of the Year 1789 - 221,575 12 8i

<£471,575 12 8 Sr

William Rose Hamrth.

a a

a-

u

a>

30 Geo. III. 15° Februaru.

Account of Reduction of National Debt presented.

88 15° Februarii. A. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction the Table, to be perused by the Members of the of the National Debt.

House. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill, Secretary The said Account is as followeth; viz. to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The

The ACCOMPT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the'National Debt.

o

r

Ot

Dr.

iitk Quarter.

1789.

Jan.21.31.

P

D

(n

1 — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

Feb. 3.

4-

5-

6.

10.

11.

12. *3-7-18.

’9-20. 26. 27-Mar. 3. 4-.5-6.

10.

11.

12. 13-i7-

18.

19.

20. 24. 26. 27-3l-

1.

2. 3-? 8.

9-5-16.

*7 21

22-24-

28

29

30

Apr.

4th Year.

Quarterly Issue Ddon 1 ,'600,000/-I Consol*

Dd on 440,000// N. S. Sea - -Dd on 150,000l.I t 1751 - -

Stock bought Ditto -

Ditto - ’ -

Ditto - - ’«

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Stock bought Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto ‘ - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

By Stock bo*

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

By Stock bo*

Total - - £

Total Cash received.

£. *. d. '

250,000 ——

24,000 ——

6,600 ——

2,250 ——

Old South Sea 3 p. C*.

Capital.

8,600

7,000

8.500

2.500

4.000

6.000

3.000 8,200

5.000

6.000

Price.

Sums paid.

£. 5. d.

72 i 72 it

72 i

73

8,800

5»4°°

282,850 — — *

73,000

731

73 i

74 i 74 i 74 i 74 i

73 i

73 i

6,202 15 5,050 " 6,162 10 1,825 —

2,945 —

4,432 IO

2,223 15 6,078 5 3»7iS 15 4,462 10

New South Sea 3 p. C*#

Capital.

8.100

5.100 8,500

5.300

1,000

5.300

2,600

6,435 ——

3*975 15 —

53>5l 1 15 —

4,700

2,100

4>5°°

Price.

71 1

71 i 7»f

73 i 73 i 73 i

73 i

3,000

7,600

57,800

73 i 73 i 73 i

Suras paid.

£. s.

5,771 5 —

3,652 17 6

6,088 2 6

3,88a 5 —

733 15 — 3,888 17 6

1,907 15 —

73 I 73 i

3,466 5 —

1,546 a 6 3-3‘S 15 —

2,212 IO

5,605 —

42,073 IO —

South Sea 1751, 3 p. C*.

Capital.

500

3,500

7,200

.1,000

1,000

2,500

15,700

Price.

7i i

V i

731

73 i

73 i

Sums paid.

£. S. d.

Consold 3 p, C*.

Capital.

Price.

356 5 —

1,506 17 6

5,283 ——

733 15 —

737 i° —

73 £

1,843 15 —

1 l,46l

1,500

8,500

6.000

8.400

8.400

8.400

4.400

3.000 2,300

1,000

8,200

3>3°°

8.600

2.600

8.600

8.600

5.000

8.600

8.600

3.000 8,700

6.600

8.600

1.600

8.600

800

3,000

1,100

2,000

i,8oo

4,100

163,000

72 i

72 i

72 i

7<

73 H 73. i 73 k 73 i

73 i

74

74 k 74 t 74 ’

74 i 74 74

74 74 i 74 H 74 i 74 i 74 i 74 4 74 i 74 i

74 t

74 i

74 z

74 f

75 75 I

Sums paid.

£. *. d.

1,08315 —

6,173

4.372

6,132

6,146

6,142

3.234

2,2 16

I.696

2

IO

15

IO

5

5

740 ——

6,109 2,458 6.407 — ',037 —

6.396 5

6,367 15

3,700 ---

6.364 6,388 2,131 6,470 4.9oo

6,385

1,190

6.396

IO ---

15

15

5

12

10

10

595 ——

2,231 5 —

819 10 —

1,497 i° ~

i>350 -

3,080 2 6

121,213 12 6

3 p. Cl Reduced.

Capital.

5,300

2,000

8.700 8,000

2.700 8,600

8.700 6,600

8.700

8.700 1,500 4,400

73*00

Price.

74 i 74 j

Sums paid.

£. 8. d.

3,961 15

1,492 10

73 i 73 i 73 t 73 i

6,3.83 12

C\

74 i

74

74

74

74

74

6,448 17

1,111

3,266-12

54>59° ——

Capital in all the Stocks.

Total Cash paid.

8,600 6,127 10 —

8,600 6,202 15 —

8,600 6.15915 —

8,500 6,133 >5 —

8,500 6,088 2 6

8,500 6,162 10 —

8,500 6,173 2 6

8,500 6,197 10 —

8,400 6,13*

8,400 6,146 15 — .

8,400 6,142 10 —

8,400 6,170

8,300 6,098 io

8,3°° 6,128 15 —

8,200 6,016 15 —

— 8,300 6,185 10 —

— 8,300 6,121 7 6

8,200 M78 5 —

8,200 6,109

8,300 6,177 5 —

8,600 6,407 —

8,600 6,39910 —

8,600 6,396 5 —

8,600 6,367 »5 —

8,600 6,341 10 —

8,600 6,36415 —

8,600 6,38815 —

8,700 6.435 —

8,700 6.470 12 6

8,700 ',446 12 6

8,600 6,3X5 10 —

8,600 6,352 10 —

8,600 6,396 5 —

6 8,700 6,383 12 6

— 8,80c 6,465

— 8,700 ! 6,428 5 —

— 8,600 j 6,310 5 —

8,700 6,4‘24 IO

1 8,800 6,435

6 8,700 1 6.448 17 6

— 8,6oo 6,381 io —

— 8,700 6.438

— 8,700 6,438

6 8,700 ' 6,437 12 '6

6 8,500 6.346 15 —

— 384.300 282,850

00

<0

30 Geo. III. 15* Februarii.

D

CQ

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

The Accompt of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, — continued.

12th Quarter.

1789* I 4th Year.

Apr, 8 11

*7

22

May 5

6,

7

8.

12

H

15

19

20.

22.

26.

3

June 3. S* 9

10.

12.

16.

J7-

18.

19.

23*

25.

26.

3°-July 1.

2.

3-

7-

8.

9*

10.

H-

15-

16,

>7*

21.

22. 23-24.

28.

29. 30-

31.

1 1777 Ann- on 1

o,ooooI- Re- > I ed - - -J

’o \ Yr 1777 Anni o D* on 680, duced

'o D4 on -j

750,000 /. Old > S* Sea - - J |To Quarterly Issue |To Unclaimed 1 Life A* - - -J To Expired D°

By Stock bought Ditto - - Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto -

By Stock bought Ditto - - -Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -|By Stock bought Ditto - - - .

Ditto - - - . Ditto - - - . Ditto - - - .

Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - . Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -Ditto - - - -By Stock bought -

Total Cash received.

£. #. d.

12,500 ——

10,200 ——

»0, *75 ——

250,000 ——

47,206 8 9

3,748 »7 <5

Old South Sea 3 p. Ce.

Capital.

1,700

4,700

Price.

731

74*

4,4oo

1,000

6,000

1,600

76f

76 i

76

76

Total - - £. I 334*53° 6 3

1,000

6,000

4,000

30,400

76 i

78 i

78 i

Sums paid.

1,255 17 6

3,507 7 6

3,349 10

762 10

4,560 — 1,216 —

New South Sea 3 p. C'.

Capital.

4*500

2,000

Price.

74* 741

Sums paid.

d.

3,355 *2 6

1,49a 10 —

1,400

762 10

4,702 10 —

3>oooo

75 \

3,000 75 *

75*

,057 ——

South Sea 1751, 3 p. C*.

Capital.

Price.

3,300

2.265

2.265

3,155 ——

23,27* 5 —

1,800

6,000

1,000

11,700

77 1

76 |

78 \

U395 -

4,597 10 "

782 10 —

17,210 1 6

761

2,500

1,000

1,000

7,800

75 I

77 i

78 i

Sums paid.

d.

2,512 2 6

1,893 »5 —

775 -

782 lO --

5*9^3 7 6

Consol " 3 P- C'. 3 p. C* Reduced. Cr.

Capital. Price. Suom paid. Capital. Price. Saras paid. Capital in al the Stocks. J Total Cfcah paid.

£. £. £. t. £. £. £. *. d. £. £. i. of.

2,800 75* 2,104 10 — 2,500 74* 1,856 5 — 9*800 7>3i6 7 6

9,700 75*. 7,3*1 7 6 9»7°° 7.3*i 7 6

7,700 75 ! 5,797 9»7°° 7,289 10 —

7,700 75 1 5,794 5 — 2,000 744 1,487 10 — 9,700 7,281 15 —

4,700 74 i 3-519 2 6 5,000 74* 3,706 5 — 9*7 00 7,225 7 6

8,000 75 i 6,020 9,700 7.275 17 6

9,70° 75 i 7>3 7 6 9*7°° 7.3H 7 6

9*7°° 75* 7,3«> 7 6 9*7°° 7,3H 7 6

9,600 75 1 7,248 9*600 7,248

9,600 751 7,260 9,600 7,260

5*000 751 ’ 3.793 15 — 9*7°° 7,3«>i 2 6

9>300 77 7,162 12 6 9>3o° 7,162 12 6

9,400 761 7,226 5 — 9*4°° 7,226 5 —

9*500 75 I 7,201 17 6 9>5oo 7,201 17 6

8,200 70: 6,242 5 — 9,600 7,299 5 —

8,700 761 ’ 6,622 17 6 900 75* 678 7 6 9,600 7,301 5 —

6,200 75 4,704 5 — 9*5oo 7,216 7 6

9,600 76 i 7,302 5 — 9,600 7.302 5 —

9*500 76 i 7,243 »5 — 9,5oo 7.243 15 —

9*400 76 i 7,214 10 — 9,4oo 7,214 10 —

5,000 76* 3,833 15 — 9*4°° 7.183 5 —

9,600 761 7,356 9,600 7,356

8,400 76* 6,447 9,400 7,209 10 —

9,600 764 7,368 9,600 7,368

9,600 76* 7,368 9,600 7,368

9,600 76* 7,368 9,600 7,368

9*500 76* 7,279 7 6 9,500 7,279 7 6

3*5oo 768 2,681 17 6 9*500 7,241 17 6

9/500 76 £ 7,267 10 — 9,500 7,267 10 —

8,000 76 i 6,130 9,600 7,346

6,500 76 t 4,988 15 — 9,500 7>253 15 —

9*5oo 7 6* 7,291 5 — 9,5oo 7,29‘ 5 —

6,400 76* 4,912 9,400 7,177

8,400 76* 6,457 10 — 9*4oo 7,220

5,000 76* 3,818 15 — 2,000 77 1,540 9,500 7,252 10 —

9,500 76*77* 7*343 >5 — 9*500 7,343 15 —

9,350 77* 7,257 »8 9 9*35° 7»257 18 9

3>4°° 79 2,686 9»4°° 7,388 10 —

7.5oo 7«: 5,906 5 — 9*3o 7,301 5 —

7.000; 77 I 5,451 5 — 2,300 78; 1,805 10 9>3oo 7,256 15 —

3,300 77 i 2,569 17 6 9*300 7,167 7 6

3.000; ni *,32815 — 6,300 7« 1 4,929 15 — 9*3oo 7,258 10 _

6,000 ", '8* 4,687 io 2,300 781 > 1,811 5 — 9.300 7.273 15 —

4,200 5 — 9i 3°° 7,355 5 —

8,100 79 6,443 7 6 10,100 8,oo8 7 6

5,300 7 9i 4,200 5 — 2,800 791 1 2,236 7 6 8,100 6,436 12 6

74*450; I- 133,014 10 3 i 101,500 / 1 55*070 15 — 436*850 < 134*530 6 3

to

o

15° FebruariL 179Q flG

g >

eg'

— h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

--v

, - / I /i' f I 4.*00 5 / / 7«y.5.5 5

..... I 7^t I. j|7,-., - ,-- ] VS,} 1J 2a3*_f 2J_ ‘SjSJZ

The Accompt of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, — continued.

.; 1 -^^-1 ! 4

o

rf>-

c*

IX

13th Qr.

17S9.

4th Year.

July 10. H-

Aug. 4,

5-

6.

7-

11.

*3-

19-

20.

21.

25*

26.

11.

Septr 1.

3-

4-

8.

9-

10.

11. 15-16.

J7*

18.

23-

24.

25-

30.

Octr 1. 2. 6.

7

8.

9-

,3-

H-

15-

16.

20.

21.

22. 23-27i

29-

30-

Total Cash received.

Quarterly Issue -Ddon 1,975,000' Consold - -Dd on 515,000* New S° Sea ' Dd on 175,000* 1751 - - -/ By Stock bought -Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - -Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

By Stock bought-Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - -By Stock bought-Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - -Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - _ Ditto - - .

Ditto - - _ By Stock bought -

Total - - - £.

£. 5. d.

250,000 ——

29,625 ——

7,7*5 ——

2,625 ——

Old South Sea 3 p. C*.

Capital.

389,975 —

Price.

1,300

5.9°°

7,900

7,900

7,800

4,100

2,700

78 i

78#

7»f

79 79 2 79i 79 1

5,000

Sams paid.

£. S. d.

1,018 17 6

4,622 ——

6,201 10 ---

6,241 ——

6,220 IO ---

3,254 7 6

2,139 15 ~

7,800 79 \ 6,181 10 —

80 $ 4,018 15 —

7,700

7,800

7>9o

73,800

78 i

78 i

78 i

6,063 *5 —

6,132 15 —

6,171 17 6

58,266 12 6

New South Sea 3 p. C'.

Capital.

6,000

7,40°

1,000

5,000

2,000 78 J

Fries.

77 f i

Sums paid.

£. *. d.

4.667 10 —

78 i

78

784 I

7,700

7,700

5>8oo

7,700

4,800

3>7°o

6,900

7,700

3,600

5,000

2.000

2.000

3.000

6.000

95,000

781

781

79

80 j

79 i

79 J

79 i 79 i

5,790 10 —

78O ——

3,9*7 15 —

D575 ——

6,034 >7 6

6,044 10 ---

4.582 —

6,179 5

3.798 ——

79 i

79 i

7H

7*8 \

78 |

7«#

2,932 5

5.502 15

6,121 10 2,862 —

3,962 10 1,567 10 1,572 10

2,355 —

4,702 10

74*947 l7 6

South Sea 1751, 3 p. C*.

Capital.

Price.

500

2,200

77i 78

2,000

3,000

1,000

900

4,000

1,000

2,000

16,600

78 i

79

79 i

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

391 5

1,714 10 —

1,580 —

2,373 15 —

79i 792 10 —

791

791

79 i

78*

7*7 15 —

3.180 ——

792 10 --

1,567 10 —

13>!°9 15 —

Consold 3 p. C*.

Capital.

Price.

1,900

1,800

2,800

7.600

7.600

7.600

7.700

7.700

7.700

7*100 7,800 3,000 7,700

7.700

7.700

3»2oo

97,200

7» i

Sums paid.

s. d.

79 i

80 4

81

8-1

80 \

80 79 i 801 J

801 801 80 j 80 i

-.493 17 6

1,433 5 —

2,254 -~

6,156 ——

6,165 10 - 6,146 10 6,188 17 6 6,150 7 6,171 15 —

6,188 17 6,269 5 —

2,407 10 — 6,173 ——

80 4 801

79 J

6,208 2 6

6,188 17 6

2,536 ——

78,131 15

3 p. C* Reduced.

Capital.

6,500

7,800

2,000

7,800

4,600

Price.

Sums paid.

£u s. d.

Capital i* all the Stocks,

79 i

79

79

791

2,900

4,000

&70

5^000

7,600

1,800

5»8oo

7>90o

5»9°°

4>9QO

4,700

82,900

79 i

79 I

80

80

79 i 79 i

79 i

78 1 78i 781

78 i

78 J

5.136 17 6

6,162 ——

1,580 ——

6,201 —

3.651 5

2,312 15 —

3,200 — 2,960 —

3,987 io

6,051 10

i,424 5 —

4-535 7 6

6,171 17 6 4,632 12 6

3.834 5 — 3,677 15 —

Total Cash paid.

o

w

o

65,519 ----- ---365,500

7.900

7.800

7.800

7.900

7.900

7.800

7.900

7.800

7.900

7.900

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.700

7.700

7.600

7.700

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.700

7.600

7.600

7.600 7»7oo

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.700

7.800

7.700

7>7o°

7.800

7.700

7.700

7.700

7.600 7,70°

7.800

7.800

7.800 7»9oo

7.900

7.900 7i9o° 8,000

7.900

d.

6.161 7

6,15515

6.162 — 6,202 — 6,18115

6.201 —

6.201 10

6.145 15

6,241 — 6,230 10

6,220 IO 6,208 fi>214 . 6,034 17 6,127 6,051 10 6,044 ,0

6,l8l

6.162 6,272 6,179 6,156 6,165

6.146 6,188 6,150 6,171

5 ~ 6 6

5 —

10

15

5

io

10

*7

7

15

6.171 15

6.188 17

6.269 5

6.132 5 6,173 —

6,220 10 6,208 2

6,121 10

6.188 17 6,042 — 6,063 15 6,179 5

6.132 15 6,102 17

6.171 17

6,205 2

6.171 17

6.189 5

6.270 — 6,213 15

Or

o

*3

rv

r

ft

o*.

289,975 — — CO

The Accompt of the Commissioners for the Redaction of the National Debt, — continued.

Dr.

Fourteenth Quarter.

Dec.

D

eg'

r+

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

cS

FT

1789.

Oct. 16.

Nov. 3

6

10. 11 12. 13 17-

18.

19.

20.

H'

25.

26.

27

1.

2.

3

4

8

9

10.

11.

15

16

17

18

22. 23 24. *9

30

31

1790.

Jan. 5

7

8.

12 13 M 15-

19.

20.

21.

22. 28.

27>

28.

29.

4th Year.

Quarterly Issue -Dd on 820,000' Old S Dd on Reduced Year 1777 Ann' By Stock bought -Ditto -

uci ty laouc -

n 8 20,000'I S. Sea - f 1 1,000,000*1 uced - -J

Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -

By Stock bought Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - - *

Ditto - - Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Total Cash received.

Old South Sea 3 p. C*.

Capita].

£. d. 250,000 ——

12,300 ——

15,000 ——

12,500 ——

By Stock bought Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto - - *

Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

By Stock bought -

Total 14 Qr 13 -12 -11 -

8.000

8.000

4.000

2.000 4,000

Price.

76

77

761

w

761

Sums paid.

d.

6,150 ——

6,160 ——

3,075 — 1,532 ,0

3,060 —

New South Sea 3 p. C*

Capital.

Price,

5.000

3.000

6,000 1,000 8,100

7,000

76 i 761

77 i

4,59 ——

766 5 — 6,247 2 6

3,000

6,500

3>°°o

4,700

77 f 77 i

77 77 i I 77 i 77 i

Sums paid.

d.

3,89315 —

2,32815 —

South Sea, 1751, 3 p. C‘.

Capital.

‘Price.

3,000

2,310 — 5.02617 2,321 3,63612

5 —

6

,400

500

771 I 5,425 ——

289,800 -

28*975 ——

334,530 3

282,850 ——

4,200

6,500

70,500

73,800

30,400

73,000

i':'; 6 1*24.7,700

78 i

78 i

3>3*2 15 — 5,102 10 —

3*000 785 2,358 15 —

4,700 781 3,7° 5 —

4,000 79 i 3,165

3>oooo

Sums paid*

77 i 2,336 5 —

77 i 1,083 5

77 i

386 17 6

Consold 3 p. Cl.

Capital

5.000

5.000

7»9°o

5.000 7,750

2.000

78

2,340

54,645

58,266

23,271

53.5«i

2 6 12 6 5 — 15 —

189,695 15 —

6,8ol»

5,500

2,800

78# 78 i

40,500

95,000

22,700

57,800

216,000

5,329 10 —

4,303 15 —

3^,490

74,947

17,210

42.073

10 — 17 6

2 6 10 —

165,722 ——

1,000

8,700

16,600

7,800

15,700

4S,8co

78

2,184 ——

78*

783 «5

6,774

13,100

5.963

1 1,461

2 6

15 —

7 6

2 6

37.308 7 6

Price.

Sums paid.

d.

77 i

78

77 i

78 78 a 78

3,887 IO ---

3,900 ——

6,152 2 6

3,900 ——

6,047 10 — 1,560 ——

3 p. C*. Reduced.

Capital.

Price. I Sums paid.

£. s. */.

4,900

7,9oo

4.000

8.000

6.000

8.000

4.000

77 r

3,797 10 —

3,000

771

77 r 77l *| 77 i 76?

77 i

6,132 7 6

3,100 ——

6,172 10 —

4,635 ——

6,140 ——

3,085 ——

77 ?

Casual )uhK I lie Si cks

2,317 10 ---

3,000

5.000

1.000

3 550

45.200

97.200

74,45°

63,900

480,750

78

78 i 7*i

-8*

2,351 5 —

3,925 -

785 -

700

8.000

8.000

2.000

8.000

7.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000 7»9°° 7>9°°

7.900 goo

7.900

7»9°°

7.800 3,600 2,200 1,400

4>9°°

7.800

7.800

4.700

2.700 2,000

539 17 6

6.170 ——

6.170 ——

1,542 10 —

6,180 ——

5,407 10 — 6,210 ——

2,791

35.299

7*>*3

33.014

-’1,213

367.659

3,800

2,400

4>3°o

77 $

77 I 771 771 77 i 7

77 i

771

78

7*1 I 7*f

79 i 79 79 i 79 i 79 i 79 79 i 79 i

6,210

6,220 ——

6,230 ——

6

6.152 2

6.152 2 6,162 —

700 17

6.152 2

6,162 —

6.136 5 2,839 10 1,743 10

1,106 ——

3,877 2 6

6,191 5

6,181 10 3,713 —

2.136 7

1,5*5 — '

79 J

791

79 i

3,021 — 1,905 ~ 3,413

207.300

82.900 ‘201,500

73.900

565.600

161,589 12 6

65,5*9 —

155,07015 — 54,590 —

- /

436,769 7 6

8.000

8.000 7,9oo

8.000

7,9°o

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

7.900

7.900

8.000 7’75° 7>9°°

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000

8.000 8,100

8.000

8.000

8.000 7,900

7,9°°

7»9°°

7)9°°

7>9°°

7*900

7.800

7.800 8,000 7,900

7*900

7.800

7.800

7.700 7*7oo

7.700

7.800

7.800

436,850

384,300

Total Cash paid.

d.

6,217

6,110

6.152

6,221 6,047 6,123

6.170

6.170 6,132 6,180 <M73

6.210 ——

6,247 2 6

6.210 -

6,220 ——

6,230 —

6.152 2

6.152 2 6,162 6,125 6,152

IO

2

2

5

10

7

10 —

15 —

17

2

6,162 ——

6,136 5 — 6,152 5 ~ 6,267 10 — 6,208 10 — 6,228 6,i$i 6,181

6.071 6,061

6.071

6,113

7 0 5 — 10 — 15 ~ 7 6 5 ~ 5 — 6,186 ——

CO

K>

o.

6,230 ——

6,150 ——

6,126 5 — 6,160 ——

6,132 7 6

6,175 ——

6,172 10 — 6,167 10 — *

6,140 ——

6,*45 ——

6,197 10 —

Cnr

o

rv

Qr*

a

CO

,558,8501

> 6,208 15 —

) 6,204 7 6

) 289,800 — —

289,975 — —

334.530 ' 282,850 6 3 -J

[1,197-155 6 3 CO G>

V

V

:A

1:

M

7 4.1K7 7

L

° Av ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction. of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary

Agent

Broker

Clerk

Messenger

j£. s. d.

500 ——

200 — —

400 ——

80 ——

50 ——

to

O'

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Expences. Incidental Expences

47 10 —

o

o

o

0

rT

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities.

Unclaimed Life Annuities Expired - - - D# 1777 Annuities

£ s. d. 47,206 8 9

3,748 17 6

25,000 ——

ACCRUING INTEREST. On 5,184,850/. Capital -

155,545 10 —

Henry Addington.

W Pitt.

Mark Weyland.

S. Bosanquet.

<D

30 Geo. III. 15° Februarii.

94 15°--16° A. 1790;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of Estimate. the Militia, for the Year 1790.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr.

Sleek, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colneis and A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the CarlfordPoor poor within the Hundreds of Colneis ana Carlford, in mitted"1' the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mutiny Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving deferred. the Report from the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

rate District of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply de. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way*»nd Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fe^Jsdc' whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mctrtis, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

Macclesfield A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Road Bill passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present committed. Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

House to be Ordered, That this House be called over upon this culled over, jj Fortnight, the 1st Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Haverford- Sir WatkinLevees presented to the House, according

Biif R°adS *° Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping set!ted!* in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to a Place called the Bailiffs, send to

Great Treffgarne Bridge, and to the City of Saint David's, and from the said Cky to the Harbtour of Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Taverns pi te Hoads 13 ill presented.

Sir Watkin Lerces presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Several Roads leading from Tavcrnspitc to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston in

the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seccfnd Time.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Noah Turmioe, was read Turmine's a Second Time. Nat Bl1'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John commU Wodehouse, Mr. Henry Hobart, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Walkington thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, pect'°^ Cottages, Lands, and Estates in the Township e 11

kingtott, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, and Uninclosed Lands, within the said Township; that the Lands of the respective Proprietors, thereof lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to aH the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Christopher Sykes ‘and Sir James Pennyman do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Lewes and Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Cuckfield Town ‘of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuck- mitud. field, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sir Peter Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

Royston and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

Rcfads^dl enlarging the Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, committed, for repairing the Roads from in the County of Hertford, to Wandesf Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and troin the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham,in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middip and South Divisions and sepa-02

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Selby Bridge whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Petition holders, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and rePorleJ-others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Towns of Selby, Smith, and Thorne, in the West Riding of the County of Yorkand the Vicinity thereof respectively, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders

of

30 Geo. III. 16° Feb marii.

95

of the House, of the 23d of 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

*- * #

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Edington thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Hamlet of Edington, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting loyth, That there are certain Common Moors or Waste Grounds within the said Hamlet, whereon the Petitioners, and others Owners of ancient Tenements in Edington aforesaid called Old Austers, have Right of Common; and that the said Common Moors or Waste Grounds are in their present State of inconsiderable Value to the Persons interested therein, but may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed: And therefore prayings That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Moors or Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that , Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now confined Southwark in the New Prison in the Borough of , on

Behalf of themselves and others confined in the different re 1 °n‘ Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, irom Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of borough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, and the Lord Doune, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Trial of Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this NnHastiogs. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and . Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to

sterHall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

1 And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-, minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An The Lords Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been con* cemed in advising or carrying into Execution certain jemnity Bill. Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday ®" ^J*"rsday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hastings's HaU. Trad.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- Report port, which, upon the 2 2d Day of July, in the last respecting Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the several Houses and Westminster other Buildings immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, Arc. to Halt, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the he printed. Offices thereto belonging; and to report to the House their Opinion, from Time to Time, in what Manner the same may be best secured from the Danger of Fire, and what Improvements it may be proper to make therein, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mutiny Bill the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mu- deferred, tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teu of the Clock.

Vol. 45.

pibden

Inclosure Bill

reported.

Mr. Campbell’s Road Bill reported,

Stow market and Ipswich Navigation Petition.

96 17° FebruariA. Y190*

Mercurii, 17° die FebruariL Anno 30® Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Sloane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors whose Estates are assessed to the Land Tax at 14/. 8$. per Annum, or thereabouts; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common upon the Lands to be divided and allotted, is rated to the Land Tax at 83/. 15 s. 8 \d.per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause wa3 offered to be ad<fed to the Bill, declaring that the Act shall not extend to the Pasture Land called The Purlieu.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lor^r Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex, and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing or having Estates in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a commodious navigable Communication may be made from Stomipland Bridge, situate upon the River Gippen, at the Town of Stcncmarket, to the Town and Port of Ipsrvich, in the County of Suffolk, by making Part of the said River navigable from the said Bridge to Harford Bridge, and for a small

Distance below Hanford Bridge, and by making a Navigable Cut from the said River Gippen below Hanford Bridge, to communicate with the River Orwell, and by cleansing, scouring, and improving the Navigation of the said River Orwell,from the said navigable Cut to Stoke Bridge, and to the common Quay at the Town of Ipswich, and also by making several Cuts and Works on the Sides of the said River Gippen, to avoid several Mills or Obstructions in the said River; and the making and maintaining the said navigable Communication will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of great Benefit to the County of Suffolk, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of public Utility; and that it also appears, by the said Survey, that the said Navigation is capable of being extended from Stowupland Bridge aforesaid, towards Bury St. Edmunds, for the Distance of Six Furlongs, or thereabouts, and the Petitioners apprehend it may be of great Benefit to the Public if Powers are given to make such Extension, in case the same shall hereafter be found necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be. given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigation, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grigby, Sir John Rous,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norwich whom the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, Waterworks and Commonalty of the City of Norxeich, in Common Petltioni Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee report* had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Dewing, Esquire, Chamberlain of the City of Norwich, being examined, said, That the Petitioners are Owners of certain Works within the said City, for raising Water from the River Wenson, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said City and Parts adjacent:

Then,

Robert Mylne, Esquire, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Mills, Pipes, Engines, Machinery, Conduits, Cisterns, and other Works already erected and used for the Purpose of the Supply of the said City and Parts adjacent with Water, and that the same are not sufficient in Power and Extent for that Purpose, and that it will be necessary to re-construct the whole Works, and to make certain additional Provisions of Reservoirs, Engines, and other Works, in order to procure a sufficient Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said City and Parts adjacent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the City 0? Noiwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water: And that Mr. Henry Hobart,

Mr. Windham, and Sir John Wodehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Paetsch, Gar-whom the Bill for naturalizing George Pwtsch, John p*"'e Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur, jj* . Bill

was committed; That the Committee had examined reported, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to

report

report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Petitioa A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates,

arK^ the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, inte-

CackfieM rested in the Navigation of the River Ouse between

Navigation Newhaven and Barcombe in the Parish of Bar-

Bilk combe, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others have already obtained Leave of the House to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said River, from to Bar-

combe Mill aforesaid; and that the said first-mentioned Bill includes so much of the Plan meant to be executed by the Bill prayed for by the Petitioners, as relates to the said River Ouse between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, and purports, as the Petitioners are informed, to make the Navigation of the said River, between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, private Property, and thereby to charge all Persons navigating thereon with a perpetual Toll, for the Benefit and Emolument of the Undertakers of the said Navigation, which will be a Hardship on the Petitioners, an unnecessary Burthen on the Trade and Commerce of the Country, and of great Detriment to the Public, whereas, by the Petitioners Bill, the Toll will be shortly reduced, so as to be no Burthen or Check to Commerce: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves and Counsel, against so much of the said Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse from Lewes Bridge to Cuckfield, as relates to the Space between Lewes Bridge and Barcombe Mill aforesaid, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for

Lewes and Laughton Levels, adjoining the River Ouse, and lying between Newhaven and Barcombe Mill, in the County of Sussex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Commissioners of the Sewers for draining the Lewes and Laughton Levels, adjoining to the River Ouse, and extending the whole Distance from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill aforesaid, appointed by a Commission issued pursuant to the Statute of the Twenty-third of Henry the Eighth, and have, by virtue of their Powers under the said Commission, expended considerable sums of Money, which have been raised by Taxes or Scots upon the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the said Levels, and laid out the same in widening and deepening the said River at various Places, and in rendering the same more strait, and have thereby very considerably assisted the Drainage of the Lands, and at the same Time improved the Navigation of the said River from Newhaven to Lewes Bridge, and had begun to proceed with their said Improvements from Lewes to Barcombe Mill, having already widened the said River as far as Barcombe Mwhich they could have accomplished without any great Burthen to the Country, but were prevented from carrying their Works into complete Execution by the incessant Rains and consequent Floods; and that the principal Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town of Lewes, and its Neighbourhood, have entered into an Agreement with the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the said Levels to pursue the said Improvements upon Terms very advantageous to the said Commission of Sewers, the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and Persons inte-Vol. 45.

rested in the Trade and Navigation of the said River, which Agreement, by a Commission of Sewers, held by the said Commissioners foe 16th of last,

hath been ratified and confirmed; and that, by foe said Bill, it is proposed to vest the Powers of deepening and widening that Part of the said River which lies between Lewes and Barcombe Mill aforesaid in a Company of Proprietors, and thereby to take the Direction and Management of the Works to be carried on upon the same out of the Hands of the Petitioners, and eventually to annul and defeat foe good Effects of the said beneficial Agreement made between foe Parties aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as gives Power to the Company, thereby to be constituted, to amend the Navigation of the said River Ouse, between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of William Kemp, of South Mailing, near Petition Lewes, in the County of Sussex, Serjeant at Law, was against the also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Navigation Petitioner is seised of the Manor and ancient Scite of Bill, foe Deanery of South Mailing, and occupies the Lands, Tenements, Rectory, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, situate on both Sides the River Ouse, together with a Bridge over the same, supported by the Petitioner and his Ancestors only, and a private Road planted with Trees upon the Western Bank of the said River, along a Causeway called Dean's Causeway, leading through the Petitioner’s Ground to the Town of Lewes, and a several Right of Fishery in the said River; and that the Petitioner conceives his Rights will be enroached on, and the Value of his Estate very materially injured, by the said River being altered, or the Navigation thereof amended, under the Powers in the said Bill: And foerefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to foe House shall seem meet.

A Petition of William Newton, of SouthoVer, near Ditto. Lewes, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of a Farm at Ringmer, in the said County, adjoining to Part of the River Ouse, between Lewes Bridge and Barcombe Mill; and that, by the said Bill, a Company of Proprietors, thereby to be incorporated, are to be empowered to make such new Cuts, Canals,

Trenches, or Passages for Water, in, upon, or through foe Lands or Grounds adjoining to the said River, as they the said Company shall think proper, and also to take any Ground adjoining to foe said River for the Purpose of making, erecting, or building any Wharfs, Warehouses, or Erections, that they shall think proper; and that it is the declared Intention of foe Promoters of the said Bill, to make a Cut, and turn foe said River from its ancient Bed, through the Petitioner’s said Farm, by Means whereof he will be greatly injured, inasmuch as his Farm, which is now remarkably compact and eligible, will be separated and disjoined; and that the Petitioner has been informed, by competent Judges, and verily believes, that the Purposes of the said Bill may be as well answered by the said River being continued in its ancient Bed, as by its being turned through the Petitioner’s said Farm, in which Belief he is confirmed by a Proposal, some Time since made to him by the Promoters of foe said Bill, that, if the Petitioner would acquiesce in their obtaining the Command of the said River Ouse, from Barcombe Mill to Lewes, no

C c Cut

Petition against the Lewes and Cuckiield Navigation Bill.

98 17" Februarii. A. 1790.

Cut should be made through his said Farm, and that the River should be continued in its ancient Bed; and that, if any Part of the Petitioner’s said Farm should be taken from him, by virtue of the Powers intended to be given by the said Bill to the said Company of Proprietors, he will be thereby very materially injured: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition from Thomas Rickman the Elder, of the Parish of Barcombe, and Thomas Rickman the Younger, of the Parish of All Saints, in Lezves, in the County of Sussed', was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Owners and Occupiers of a large and ancient Water Com Mill in the Parish of Barcombe aforesaid, situate on the River Ouse, between Lewes and Cuckfield; and that, ..by the said Bill, the Company of Proprietors of the River Ouse Navigation, intended to be thereby incorporated, are empowered to make and set up over the said River, and the Branches thereof, and over the new Cuts, Canals, Trenches, and Passages for Water, to be made by virtue thereof, or upon the Lands adjoining and near to the same, such and so many Bridges, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Dams, Quays, Winches, and other Engines, Posts, and Stoops, Landing Places, Wharfs, Weighing Beams, Cranes, and Warehouses, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary, and, by the said Bill, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, are further empowered to ask, demand, recover, and receive, such Sums of Money, Rates, and Duties, for the Passage of Vessels upon the said River, as shall be ascertained and settled by the said Company.; and that the said River from Lewes to Barcombe Mills hath always been, and now is, a free River, that the Petitioners have at different Times expended very considerable Sums of their own private Property in deepening, -straitening, and improving the same, and, in consequence thereof, now enjoy a constant Navigation for the Carriage of their Goods on the said River at a very moderate Expence; and that the Petitioners have expended several Thousand Pounds in the Purchase of Lands, and in erecting Warehouses, Wharfs, and other Conveniences and! Improvements, for the Purpose of carrying on the Trade of the said Mills, and have laid out several other Sums, to a large Amount, in purchasing and building Craft and Shipping, for the Exportation of Flour manufactured at the said Mills to various Parts of the World, and if any Locks, Weirs, or other Works, should be erected on the said River between Lewes and Barcombe Mills, whereby the working of the said Mills may be at all impeded or obstructed, the Property of the Petitioners will be greatly lessened in Value, and, if any Tolls or Duties are levied on that Part of the River Ouse between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, the Petitioners will be deprived of the present free Navigation (sufficient to answer all their Purposes) and wul be burthened with a heavy and unnecessary Expence; and that the Petitioners said Mills are wholly supplied by certain Streams, which, by the said Bill, appear to be intended to be made Navigable, and which Streams are frequently, in dry Seasons, insufficient to keep the said Mills in constant Work, and they conceive that their Property and Trade will be liable to very great Injuries by the making the said Streams Navigable, because they will be thereby deprived of the usual Supplies of Water necessary for working the said Mills: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such

Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Joseph Mighell, of East Kennett, in the Mr. Mighell's County of Wilts, Esquire, was likewise presented to the Petition House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised of cer- Cuckfield tain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Navigation Parish of Hamsey, in the County of Sussex, of the Extent, on the Banks of the said River, of Three Miles and upwards, in Part of which the Petitioner, at a very considerable Expence, hath made a Cut of Half a Mile in Length for the Purpose of draining his Lands through which the said intended Navigation is to be carried, and erected a Bridge over the same; and that the Petitioner conceives his Rights will be encroached on, and the Value of his Estate very materially injured, by the said River being altered, or the Navigation thereof amended under the Powers in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee,

upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Debtors Prison of The Fleet: And also, Petitions.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol at Ipswich, in and for the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for re-building the Bridges over the River Newport and XJske, at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Mon- m Bill mouth, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Selby Bridge Order, a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre’* Lord Petre, Baron of Writtle, in the County of Essex, p^,u°rn(^Dj)« was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Bill.

That the Petitioner is Owner and Proprietor of a certain Ferry over the River Ouse, at Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, called Selby Ferry, and the Inhabitants of the Country on each Side of the said River, being desirous that a Bridge phould be erected

30 Geo. III. 17° -. 18

erected across the same at or near the Ferry at Selby aforesaid, and being also of Opinion that such Bridge would be of great public Utility, the Petitioner was applied to, and consented to give up his Right and Interest in the said Ferry in Consideration of an Annual Rent of 25 /. being secured to him Out of the Tolls of the said Bridge; and that the Petitioner is informed, that a Petition is, or is about to be, presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for building such Bridge: And therefore praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may be secured the said Annual Rent of 2,51, out of the Tolls of the said intended Bridge, in such Manner as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Cromford George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

tition Pe" to w^om the Petition of the Canal Corn-

reported. pany, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of July 1789, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; but that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2 5th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, it nor being intended to extend or vary the Line of the said Canal, or to raise any further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to , Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join

and communicate with the Canal, at or near

Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mitt, in the said County, was read: And,

Mr. William Jessop, Engineer, being examined, said, That Application had been made to the said Company on Behalf of several Owners of Mills upon and hear the River Derwent, and also the Company of Proprietors of the Erewash Canal Navigation, alledging, that the several Clauses and Provisions contained in the before-mentioned Act did not give effectual Security and Protection to the said Mills, and requesting the said Company to apply to Parliament, to which the said Company had agreed.

And the Witness added. That there are some other Amendments and Alterations necessary to be made in the said Act for effecting the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Tast Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at of near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mttndy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bristol; Mr. Cruger reported from the Committee, to whom

Church the Bill for re-building the Parish Church and Tower

Bill reported. of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

V01. 45.

Februarii.

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported-punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Debtor, Bill Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the putofffor more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now- read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning de* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve 'itself into a Committee of the whole de‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Ierre raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jams, 18* die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii III® Regis, 1790.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to empower William Henry Camp- Mr. Camp-beli, Esquire, -to shut up a Road and Foot Paths bell’s Road in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex, and to passed, oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower William Henry Campbell,

Esquire, to shut up a Road. and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex, and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

18° Februarii.

A. 1790

Petition for Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

tieLdmter w^om Petition of the several Persons whose Names mdWeiford 8X6 thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Road Bill re- others, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the ported. Parishes of Desford and Newbold in the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined to repair and widen the Two Pieces of Road, mentioned in the Petition, at the Time the Notices were given of the intended Application to Parliament for a Bill to amend the Leicester and Welford Road Act; that both the said Pieces of Road are not One Mile in Length; and that it is not proposed to erect any Gate thereon, or take any additional Toll on the other Road in Consequence of repairing the said Two Pieces of Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the Honse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Hubbard being examined, said, That Two Pieces of Road, one called Hunt's Lane, in the Parish of Desford, and the other called Wood Lane, in the Parish of Newbold Verdon, branching out of the Turnpike Road leading from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road to the Road from Hinckley to Ashby de la are

narrow, and very much out of Repair, and that it would be advantageous to the Country if the said Lanes were put under the Care of the Trustees for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-% men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a

Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and We ford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening Two Pieces of Road, called Hunts Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and bol<T Verdon,branching out of the said Turnpike Road.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en-Laws quire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and Comm‘«te to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the Bppom ' House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trial of Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Mr.Haatingx. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading the reto^ to attend

their Service in the Honse immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And be went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly. ‘

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of Joseph Ager, Esquire, and Francis Moore, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common Fields; Common Meadows, and Common Grounds, in the Parish of Bowbrickhill, and in the Hamlet of Stratford,

in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, in proportion to their respective Rights: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary Grenville and Mr. Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Fife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodiesmiln, Inner-keithing, Aberdour, Kirkaldy, and Cameron

Bridge, to Crail;and the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Durfermline, the Crossgates, and Auchtertool, to Kirkaldy, with the Branches from the same to Charlestown and Limekilns, by Crossford, Cadi, and Ladysmiln: and the Road from Dtafernmne, Westward to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of and' the Road from the Plais by Kinglassie and Auchterderran, to the Kirk of Beath; and the Road from Kirkaldy, Northward till it joins the Road from the Plaisterers to the Kirk of Beath’, and the Road from Kirkaldy, by the New Inn, Cupar, and Pitcullo, to Dundee Water-side; and the Road from the said New by

Falkland and Strathmiglo, Northward to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Perth, with a Branch to Newburgh by Shells Bridge’, and the Road from Cupar, by Kaimsford and Lcthem, through Kennoway, to Cameron Bridge, where it joins the Road first above-mentioned from Newmiln Bridge to; and the Road from Cupar, by Callinch Bridge, to Bal-cams, where it joins the said Road leading from Newmiln Bridge to Crail, with the Branch from La-thockar Bridge to Crail-, and the Road from Cupar, by Strathmiglo, Westward to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Kinross, with the Branch by Lethem and Newburgh, to the Extremity of the County

Bowbrickhill

Inclosure

Petition.

Fife Roads, &c Petition.

County of Fife, joining the County of Perth; and the Road from Saint Andrews, by Guard Bridge, till it joins the said Road from Kirkaldy to Dundee Water-side at Dronsmuir; and the Road from Dundee Water-side, by Guard Bridge and Denhead, joining the Road from Cupar to Balcarres,at Raderny; and the Road from Kirkaldy to Dysart, and from Dysart, Eastward until it joins the said Road from Gallatmvn to Cameron Bridge; all which Roads lead through the County of Fife, are generally in bad Repair, and inconvenient to Travellers, and the same cannot be effectually made and kept in Repair by the Funds arising by the Laws now in Force, which are applicable to the making and repairing of many other Roads in the said County; and that a Port of the said Line of Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodicsmiln, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, and

Kirkaldy, to Crail, and a Part of the said Line of Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Dunfermline, the Crossgates, and Auchtertool, to Kirkaldy, have been made under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the North Queensferry " through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to " the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said " Queensjerry to the Towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn,

" and Culross; and also the Road from the said " Queensferry, through Inverkeithing, to " and Kirkaldy,'’ and of another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from the North Queensferry, through the Towns of " Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth " and also the Road from the said Queensferry to the " Towns of Dmfermline, Torryburn, and Culross; and

" also the Road from the said Queensferry, through " Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkaldy," the

Terms granted by which Acts are not yet expired, and as the said Parts of the said Lines of Road do and will need farther Repair, and to be kept in Repair, it would be of Advantage to the Public, if the Care and Management of the said Parts, in common with the other Roads in the County of Fife, herein above described, were committed to the same Trustees; and that the free Passage and Communication by the Ferry, betwixt Leith and Kinghorn, is materially connected with the High Roads of the County of Fife, being not only the general Access to the said County, but also from the North of Scotland to the South, that the Regulation of the said Ferry is under the Direction of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Mid-Lothian and Fife, and the last mentioned County has already voluntarily expended several Hundred Pounds in erecting a Bason, for the Purpose of deepening and improving the Harbour of Kinghorn, or Pettycur; and that the said Harbour could yet be very much improved, by erecting another Bason for the above Purpose, and the Access to the said Harbour, and Shipping Places thereof, could also be greatly improved, if a sufficient Fund was provided for those Purposes, by a Tax to be levied on Passengers crossing at the said Ferry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Fife, herein above-mentioned and described, and for erecting the said Bason, and improving the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wemyss, Mr. Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Vox,. 45.

and' have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, Tin Bill preaccording to Order, a Bill for taking off the Duties upon sented. unwrought 'l in exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of Norfolk the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, Debtors and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying 1>et,tion* Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graces and Mr. The Lord* Fames: have

Mr. Speaker, agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Schusler’s for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff S; without any Nat. Bill. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Koops’ Nat naturalizing Matthias Koops; to which the Lords desire Bill passed, the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hastings’s Hall. Trial.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Koops’Nat Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops, was read the First Bill read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George Pcetsch, John putsch, Gar* Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur, b*r*, and was read the Third Time. KTu

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title p^g^1 be, An Act for naturalizing George Peetsch, John Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny Bill and for the better Payment of the Army and their passed. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, streatham to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Workhouse Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, Petition and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants within reported‘ the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Reader being examined, said, That the Parish of Streatham is large and populous, and the Poor thereof being very numerous, it would render the

D d Rates

Slave Trade deferred.

Dibden Inclosure Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Land Tax Bill.

Malt Bill.

102

18° — 19° j Februarii. 1790.

Bates for their Relief much less burthensotne, and the Poor might be better maintained, if a proper Work-house was provided, wherein they could be received and employed.

And the Witness further said, That many People of considerable Fortune reside within the said Parish, and it frequently happens that Persons appointed Overseers of the Poor do not execute the Duties of their Office themselves, but leave them to be performed by interested Deputies, by which Means the Poors Rates are frequently much misapplied, and rendered more heavy than is necessary; which it is apprehended might in a great Degree be prevented, if a proper Person was to be appointed to act as an additional Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish: And that Lord William Russell and Sir Joseph Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 19° die Anno 30* GeorgiiTII,u Regis, 1790. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East India the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Accounts the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Presented-to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bengal, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 2. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Fort Saint George, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 3. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bombay, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 4. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Fori Marlborough, and of the Annual Charges at the said Residency; distinguishing the same under the sevd* ral Heads thereof: And also,

N° 5. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Remarks of the Accountant General upon a Defect in the System by " which the Journal and Ledger of the Comptroller for.

" the Manufacture of Salt have been kept"

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Paper.

And then-he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lid upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, air Account* of Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Com-- Annual Re-pany in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, v®n"es’Stc-and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares pany, or-Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and dered. the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a»

Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, , and-

Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and' Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and tire Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before (his House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of MiBt or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective 04 Heads,

19° Febru

103

Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium for the said Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcotand Rajah of Tanjare, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subor-

dinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circdrs, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Ladd Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjare, Land Revetiues, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and id the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the Same respectively under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buddings and Fortifications, arid collecting the Revenues and CfistOifis.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of , and the Set-

tlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of and the

Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hbiise, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively; find also the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, of the Island of

Vol. 45.

Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimates of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of 1790, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of May 1790, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of May 1790, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, between the 30th Day of April 1789 and the 1st Day of May 1790, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company, at their respective Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account re- Account shewing the Amount of the Sums that will specting be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the American Rate of 3/. 10$. per Centum per Annum for Six p"orij"8t Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on Sufferers, the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the ordered. Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such " Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in " America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East " Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 6/. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest which will become due on the 10th Day of October 179b, after the Same Rate of 3/. io$. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 s.of the Principal Sum Contained in each Order respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Number of Coast Bonds taken at the Coast Bonds, several Ports in Great Britain, during the Year 1788. &c-or ere

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Certificates of Foreign Goods that have been imported into, and entered Outwards, from the several Ports of Great Britain, during the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Debentures that have been paid at the several Ports of Great Britain, during the same Period.

Ordered,

Account of Isle of Man Bonds, ordered.

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Petition reported.

Old Sarum Writ.

Tiverton

Writ.

Warwick Gaol Bill presented.

104 .19° Febtua . 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Isle of Man Bonds taken at the several Ports of Great Britain, during the same Period*

Mr. Grigby reported from the Committee, to whotri

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and others, residing or having Estates in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That a commodious Navigable Communication may be made from Stoxcupl Bridge, upon the River Gippen, at the Town *of < to the

Town and Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, by making Part of the said River Navigable from the said Bridge to Handford Bridge, and for a small Distance below it, and by making a Navigable Cut from thence to communicate with the River Orwell, and by cleansing, scouring, and improving the Navigation of the said River from the said Cut to Stoke Bridge and Ipswich, and by making several Cuts and Works on the Sides of the said River to avoid

several Mills or Obstructions in the said River.

Mr. Jessop being further examined, said, That the said Navigation is capable of being extended from Stowupland Bridge, towards Bury Saint Edmunds, for the Distance of Six Furlongs or thereabouts.

Mr. Charles Baines being examined, said, That the making and maintaining the said Navigable Communication, and the giving Power to make the Extension towards Bury Saint Edmunds, if the same shall be found necessary, will be a great Benefit to the County of Suffolk, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County* of Suffolk* And that Mr. Grigby and Sir John Rous do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts,in the room of the Right honourable John

Charles Villiers, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Places and Offices of Warden and Chief Justice and Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests, Chaces, Parks, and Warrens, on the North Side of the River Trent.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Honourable Dudley Ryder, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

Sir Robert Lawley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromjord Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Canal, at or

near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the unfortunate Citizens of London, confined for Debt in the City Prison of Ludgate, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting; and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, -and for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be committed to the Lord Eardley, Mr. Wilmot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who were empowered to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, and in the Third, Fifteenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross, in the Parish -of Chestcrford, in the County of Esses, to Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Shelford to Wiltlesford, in the County of Cambridge, and from Foulmire, in the said County of Cambridge, to the said Town of Cambridge, and other Roads adjacent to the said last mentioned Roads, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Shelford to

Wiltlesford;

Cromford Canal Bill presented.

Ludgate

Debtors Petition*

Goudhurst Roads Bill committed*

Coventry Paving Bill committed*

Third Report of Examination of Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Stump Cross Roads Petition reported.

105

Wittlesford; and also, the Petition of tile several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for carrying into Execution several Acts of Parliament, passed for repairing the Road from London to

Cambridge, beginning at Foulmire, in the County of

Cambridge, and ending at the Pavement in ton Street, in the Town of Cand other Roads adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ihereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Road leading from

Chesterjord Bridge, in the Parish of Great Chestcrford, in the County of Essex, through the Parishes of ton, Duxford, and Wittleford, to the End of the Town of Wittlesford, next to She ford, in the County of Cambridge, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the First-mentioned Petition; but that the said Orders had not been complied with, in respect to the Second and Third-mentioned Petitions (except that Notice for the Application of the Third-mentioned Petition was given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions) it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for the Repair of the Pieces of Road therein-mentioned, until it was too late fully to comply with the said Standing Orders, and which Road, described in the Second-mentioned Petition, is about One Mile in Length, and in the Third-mentioned Petition about Six Miles in Length; and it also appeared, that it is not intended to take any Toll upon either of the said Pieces of Road, or in Consequence of their being added to the Trust, and that the Trustees named in the First-mentioned Petition are willing to take those Pieces of Road under their Care; and that the Committee had also found, that the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Road described in the last mentioned Petition runs, are desirous that the same may be made Turnpike; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the several Acts therein mentioned were read: And,

Mr. Christopher Pemberton being examined, said, That for the Purpose oft repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and Cambridge, and from Shelford to Wittlesford,considerable Sums of

Money were borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls; and that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and some Amendments made.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Pemberton being examined, said, That he had attended a Meeting of the Trustees for the Repair of the said Road from to Carhbridge,

who having under their Care a larger Extent of Road than their Tolls are sufficient to repair, are desirous of being discharged from the Management of the Piece of Road mentioned in this Petition, which is about One Mile in Length;, and he also said, that the Trustees for the said Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, conceiving that their Fund is capable of bearing such an additional Expence, are willing to take on themselves the Care of the said Piece of Road, whereby the same may be effectually amended, and the Public be better accommodated.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Third-mentioned Petition, Mr. Pemberton being further exq-

Vol. 45.

mined, said, That the Piece of Road therein mentioned, about Six Miles in Length, is much out of Repair, and it will be of public Advantage to have the same amended and kept in Repair by the Trustees of the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath aforesaid, who are willing to take the Charge thereof, without any Increase of Toll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington next to Shelford, and from Shelford Pound to Wittlesford, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid; and for amending the Road from Chesterjord Bridge to the End of Wittlesford, next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Abingdon thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an so>ad Pe-Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His tltio,u present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due, with a very large Arrear of Interest; and that the said Debt cannot be paid, nor the said Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and some further Toll granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pye, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, accord- Leicesterand ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term ana Powers Welford of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of ^oad Bil* the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Presented* widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester;and for repairing and widening

Two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Deford and Newbold Verdon, branching out of the said Turnpike Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rosolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Tavernspite Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for Roads Bill repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several committed. Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

E e A Bill

Havtrford-wc81 Roads Bill committed.

Committee appointed to consider Corn Act

Tin Bill committed.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

106 19* — 22 ?;FebrA. 1790.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, to a Place called Morris the Bailiffs, and to Great Treffgarne Bridge, and to the City of Saint David’s, and from the said City to the Harbour of Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lewes, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " better regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for " better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and " the Importation of Rape Seed," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Act, and to report their Opinion to the House, in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution; and also, what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respecting

the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Spencer Stanhope,

Mr. Gregory,'Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Whitbread, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Smyth, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Rolle, Sir Archibald monstone, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Brett, Sir James Pennyman,

Mr. Phelips, Mr. Scott, Mr. Marsfum, Mr. Wilberforce,

Mr. Hobart; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House, and the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were Militia Esti-appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the mate r«-Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1790; porte ' That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1790.

l-

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men - 28,784

Clothing for D# ----- ---- 30,840

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants ----- -- 18,781

Clothingfor D° - -- 3.598

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers ----- -- 4,69°

Clothing for D° ----- ---- 1,028

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals ----- -- 12,521

I)0 - - 13° - - to 66 Adjutants - - 7,«95

28 Days Pay to the several Officers - 8,700

116,137

Ordered, That the said Report do he upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 22° dieFebruarii;

Anno 30° Georgii III"' Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Wemyss reported from the Committee, to whom Fifc Roads

the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscrib- &c. Petition ing, Owners of Land in the County of Fife, was re- reported, ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodiesmiln, keithing, Aberdour, Kirkaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Crail; and the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Dunfermline, the Crossgates, and Auchtertool, to Kirkaldy, with the Branches from the same, to Charlestown and Limekilns, by Crossford, Cavil, and Ladys-miln; and the Road from Dunfermline, Westward to the

the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Perth; and the Roiad from the by Kinglassie and Auchterderran, to the Kirk of Beath;

and the Road from Kirkaldy, Northward till it joins the Road from the Plaisterers to the Kirk of and the Road from Kirkaldy, by the New Inn, Cupar, and Pitcullo, to Dundee Water-side; and the Road from the said Nezo Inn, by Falkland and Strathmiglo, Northward to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Perth, with a Branch to Newburgh, by Shells Bridge-, and the Road from Cupar, by Kaimsford and Lethem, through Kennoway, to Cameron Bridge, where it joins the Road first above-mentioned from Nczvmiln Bridge to Crail;and the Road from Cupar, by Callinch Bridge, to Balcarres, where it joins the said Road leading from Newmiln Bridge to Crail, with the Branch from Lathockar Bridge to Crail; and the Road from Cupar, by Strathmiglo, Westward to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Kinross, with the Branch by Lethem and Nezoburgh, to the Extremity of the County of Fife, joining the County of Perth-, and the Rdad from Saint Andrews, by Guai'd Bridge, till it joins the said Road from Kirkaldy to Dundee Water-side at Dronsmuir-, and the Road from Dundee Water-side, by Guard Bridge and join-

ing the Road from Cupar to Balcarres, at Rademy Ground; and the Road from Kirkaldy to Dysart, and from Dysart, Eastward until it joins the said Road from Gallatown to Cameron Bridge; all of which Roads lead through the County of Fife, are in general in bad Repair, and inconvenient to Travellers, and that the same cannot be effectually made and kept in Repair by the Funds arising by the Laws now in Force, which are applicable to the making and repairing of many other Roads in the said County.

That a Part of the said Line of Road which leads from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodiesmiln, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, and Kirkaldy, to Crail, and a Part of the said Line of Road which leads from Newmiln Bridge, by Dunfermline, the Crossgates, and Auchtertool, to Kirkaldy, have been made under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Road from the North Queen's ferry, through " the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town " of Perth; and also the Road from the said " ferry to the Towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn, and " Culross; and also the Road from the said Queen'sferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and " Kirkaldy;" and of another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual the said Act, the Terms of which Acts are not yet expired; and as the said Parts'of the said Lines x)f Road do and will need further Repair, and to be kept in Repair, he apprehends it would be of Advantage to the Public if the Care and Management of the said Parts, in common with the other Roads in the County of Fife above-mentioned, were committed to the same Trustees.

That the free Passage and Communication by the Ferry, betwixt Leith and Kingis materially con-. nected with the High Roads of the County of Fife, being not only the general Access to the said County, but also from the North of Scotland to the South, the Regulation of which Ferry is under the Direction of the Justices of His Majesty’s Peace for the Counties of Mid-Lothian and Fife; and the last mentioned County has already voluntarily expended several Hundred Pounds in erecting a Bason, for the Purpose of deepening and improving the Harbour of Kinghorn, or Pettycur — That the said Harbour would be very much improved if another Bason was erected for the above Purpose, and the Access to the said Harbour and Shipping Places thereof, would also be greatly

Vox.. 45.

improved, if a sufficient Fund was provided for these Purposes, by a Tax to be levied on Passengers crossing at the said Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridge by Foodies Mill, Invcrkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkaldy,

Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife; and for improving the Harbour of Kinghorn or Pettycur, in the said County:

And that Mr. JVemyss and Sir Thomas Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church ®"8t°l and Tower of < Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol, pas"^" Bl was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Cruger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s tvelchester Gaol of Iuelchester, in and for the County of Somerset, Debtors Peti-was presented to the House, and read; Complaining Uon‘ of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Turmine's whom the Bill for naturalizing Noah was Nat- ®1*1

committed; That the Committee had examined the repor e ' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norwich and whom the Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Trowse Road Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Bl11reported, ing the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tljeTiouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norwich and whom the Bill for continuing an Act of the Ninth Caister Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- Road*Bd{ ing the Road from Bishopsgate Qridge, in the City of reported. Norwich, to a Stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ati Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment be ingrossed.

Mr.

108 22° Februarii. A. I79Q.

Norwich and Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to hmEoadBil'l w^om the Bill for continuing an Act of the Twelfth reported. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenkam, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Norwich and Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Wat ton Road whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying t report* . powers> of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Greenbill A Petition of several Trustees appointed in and by' Md Botham virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in J’etition. *Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Wheatley Rocks and Tein the County of Stafford, at or neair a Place called Greenhill, in the Parish of Cheadle, and County of Stafford, through the Parishes of Cheadle, Kingsley, and to a Place called

Botham House, situate on or near the Turnpike Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road leading from Bothan House, across the said Turnpike Road, to and through the Township of Onecoat, to or near Butterton Moor End, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of the said Act, the Sum of 3,100l. hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which, together with the Tolls {after Payment of the Interest of the said Sum, and about 400l. e.^epted) have been laid out in

making and repairing the said Road, and in erecting sundry Bridges, Toll Houses, and Turnpike Gates thereon, and for such other Purposes as are by the said Act directed; and that the Whole of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid; nor the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and the Powers thereof altered and continued, and the Qualifications of the Trustees therein reduced: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term, ana altering and continuing the Powers, of the stud Act, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called respecting in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant A"?*PC" to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums Sufferers, that will be necessary for the Payment of Intrest, presented after the Rate of 3/. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to " such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and " Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in " America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His (i Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in ‘their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East '

" Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 61. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1790, after the same Rate of 3/. 10 5. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively.

And then he withdvew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vis.

To

o

p«

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT shewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. io$. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in " consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, " in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 61. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1790, after the same Rate of 3/. 10#. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively.

GO

O

O

w

o

AMERICAN CLAIMS. The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. io$. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 61. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order - - - Ditto, which will become due of the 10th Day of October 1790 - - Principal to be paid off. Interest. TOTAL, TOTAL.

s. d. 88.340 12 6 88.340 12 6 — - t £. s. d. 21,043 9 ~i 20,097 9 10 £. s. d. 109,984 1 6 108,438 24 i £. S. d. 218,422 3 l0*

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10$. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 61. 55. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order - ' Ditto, which will become due on the 1 oth Day of October 1790 ----- - 8.031 5 — 8.031 5 — 1,967 13 1 I 1,827 *2 2 I 9,998 18 1 9,858 7 2 *J 19,857 5 3.i

« £. 238,279 9 2 *

to

<v*

Or*

ss

Si *

o

o

eg.

FT

ft*

2

Is

a

O

to

Exchequer, the 2 2d Day of February 1790.

Rob' Jenn.

Account of Whale Ship* from Scotland — and, of Tobacco in Warehouses there, presented.

Streatham Workhouse Bill presented.

Account of Tin exported, ordered.

Account of Pewter exported, ordered.

West India and Quebec Trade Acts to be considered.

Ordered','That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels, from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil, or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1788 to the 10th of October 1789.

Mr. Alcock also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 25th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco received into the King’s Warehouses in Scotland, and delivered out for Home Consumption and Exportation, between the 5th Day of January 1788 and the 5th Day of January 1789; specifying the Weight of each Hogshead when brought in,. and also when delivered out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

OrderedThat the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tin exported from Great Britain for the last Twenty Years, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pewter exported from Great Britain for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s " Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, into " the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, " under certain Conditions end Restrictions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee" erf the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

A Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, Lord of the Manor of Whychurch and Mil-borne, in the County of Wiltand the humble Petition of Susanna Earle, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Little Somerford, in the said County, and also of Thomas

Brown Caltey, Esquire, Abraham Young, John Stratton,

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Beast Leazes in and upon the said Commons, or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, certain Open Commons and Waste Grounds, called Milborne Common, Little Somerford Common, Wallow Marsh, and Whychurch Marsh, and also an Open Meadow, called The Lott and

that the said Commons are now fed in Common, and for the most Part over-run and incumbered with Furze, Brambles, and Rushes, and the said Meadow is in small Parcels, and for those Reasons the said Commons and Meadow cannot be cultivated and improved to the best Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing the said Commons and Meadow, and making specific Allotments thereof, according to the Rights of the several Parties interested therein, and under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bouverie and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reputing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relate to such Part of the said Road as lies within the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, so much of the said Road as lies within the County of York, was made a District separate and distinct from the other Parts of the Road comprised in the said first-mentioned Act, and put under the sole Care and Management of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due; and that many Parts of the Road within the said District were very steep and dangerous, and the Petitioners have been under the Necessity of turning and diverting the same, in order to avoid the hilly Parts thereof, which has been attended with a very great Expence, and that, in order to complete the said Road, and make the same commodious and safe, it will be necessary to divert several other Parts thereof, and to borrow a further Sum of Money for that Purpose; but the same cannot be done, and the Road kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Tolls now payable within the said District be increased, and the Term of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District, be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Tolls and Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,

Whychurch, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Keighley Road Petition.

Motion respecting the Governor's House, &c. at Plymouth; Neg.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred*

Leave given to make a Motion*

NewChappell Road Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. D Mr.

Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money already expended in building the new House, Offices, &c. &c. within the Lines of Plymouth for the Residence of the Governor of that Garrison; together with an Estimate of the future Expence necessary to complete and to furnish the said House, Offices, &c. exclusive of the Labour of the Corps of Artificers on the same;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty/

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,23° die Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1790. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Landfield, to the Town of up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road made, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Act in other Respects made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Henry Lenox, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Vox.. 45.

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Clergy, Ci- Durban* tizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Durham and ?avin8 Feth Framwclgate, and the Suburbs thereof, whose Names tw,1‘ are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the City of,

and Borough of Framwelgate are situated on the great

North Road from London to Edinburgh, and several of the Houses and Buildings within the said City and Borough, and the Suburbs and Streets thereof, and thereto adjoining, are in an inconvenient and dan-' gerous Situation for the passing of Carriages, and, on that Account, Accidents are frequently happening; insomuch that the Loss of many Lives are occasioned thereby, and others of the said Houses and Buildings are inconveniently situated for Foot Passengers; and that it will be of public Utility to render the said Streets and Lanes more convenient and commodious for the passing of Carriages, and for People on Foot, but, to effect which, it will be necessary to have the said Houses and Buildings taken down, and to have the Buildings and Erections, to be built on such Part of the Ground whereon the present Houses and Buildings stand, as may be necessary for making the said Streets and Lanes more commodious and convenient, designed, planned and set out, with a view particularly to such Convenience and Accommodation; and it will also be of public Utility, to have all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said City and Borough, and the Suburbs and Streets thereof, and thereto adjoining, removed, and to have the Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places therein, in future, kept free from such Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it will tend much to the Benefit, Convenience, Advantage, and Safety, as well of the Inhabitants, as of all other Persons resorting to, and travelling through, the said City, to have the Streets,

Lanes, public Ways, and Market Places, in the said City, Borough, and the Suburbs and Streets thereof, and thereto adjoining, well paved, lighted, and otherwise improved, and to have an able and well-regulated Watch established therein; and it will be of considerable Advantage to have the Markets in the said City better regulated: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and cleansing, and for lighting of the Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Passages, of the said City, and the Suburbs and Streets thereof, and thereto adjoining and for removingand preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for making the Streets,

Lanes, and other Passages there, more convenient and commodious for Carriages, and People passing oh Foot, and for regulating and improving the Markets therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tempest, Mr. Pochin, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl Killingworth of Carlisle, and the humble Petition of the several Xnclosure Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, *etition-being Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Townships of and Killingworth, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners of Messuages,

Lands,- Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a

Right

112 23° Februarii. , A. 1790.

Right of Common upon the Common, Moor, or mon Salt Marsh, or the greatest Part thereof, is fre-Tract of Waste Ground, herein after mentioned, was questly overflowed with the Tide, whereby the Feed presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of such Land is greatly injured, and the Cattle feeding the re is, within the Manor of Long Benton, in the Pa- thereon are frequently drowned, and the said other rish of Long Benton, and County of Northumberland, Commons or Waste Grounds, being uninclosed, are a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, of less Value than they would be, if inclosed and di-called Killingxcorth Moor, containing, by Estimation^ vided: and that the Petitioners are desirous, that the

1,900 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner, said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or the said Earl of Carlisle, is Lord of the said Manor Waste Grounds, should be embanked, inclosed, and of Long Benton, and, as such, entitled to the Soil divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, and Inheritance and Royalties of the said Common, and the several other Persons interested therein, ac-Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, and the said Earl cording to their respective Rights and Interests, which-and the Petitioners, and several other Persons, are Embankment, Inclosure, Division, and Allotment,

Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, would be for the Benefit of all Persons interested in and Hereditaments, in the Townships of Long Benton the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or and Killingworth, in the Parish of Long Benton Waste Grounds, find of public Utility: And there-aforesaid, and they, or their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a or Tenants, in respect thereof, are entitled to Right Bill for the Purpose of impowering the said several of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract Proprietors to embank, inclose, divide, and allot the of Waste Ground; and that the Petitioners are de- said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or sirous that the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall Ground, which in its present State is of Tittle Use, but seem meet.

is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, may be Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose set out, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- "

divided, and allotted to and amongst the said Earl of mipe the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall.

Carlisle and the several Persons entitled to Right of appear to them, to the House: (

Common thereon, according to their respective Inte- And it is referred to Sir Edward Astlcy, Sir John;

rests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may fVodchouse, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow '

be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, seem meet. and Records. |

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill I

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Norwich and Mr. Gregg, and Sir James Erskine St. Clair do prepare. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending 3.ws* and bring in, the same. the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the City of Nor- 1 passe'

to Block Hilt, in at the Angle where the

T-rmgton a Petition of William Bentinck, Esquire, Lord of Road divides to and Kirby, in the County of

and Inclosure Manor of Terrington, in Terrington, in the County Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Petition. of Norfolk, and the several Persons whose Names Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and be, An Act for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year others. Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Mes- of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending suages and Tofts, or Sites of Commonable Messuages, the Road Rom Saint Stephens Gate, in the City of in the Parishes of Tei'rington Saint Clement's and Nortvich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where

Terrington Saint Johns, in the County aforesaid, was the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Norfolk.

there are, within the Manors of Terrington, Howards Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill in Tei'rington, Lovcls, and Branches, some or one of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, them, in the said Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's

and Terrington Saint Johns, or one of them, certain An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act of the Ninth Norwich and

Commons, or Waste Grounds, of considerable Ex- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending Caster

tent, Part whereof consists of a certain Tract of Land, the Road from Bridge, in the City of Nor- R^ Bill

called Salt Marsh, containing by Estimation 1,000 to a Stone, formerly called The Two Mile Stone, passed.

Acres, extending from the old Sea Bank belonging where the Nonoich Road joins the Caister Causezvay, to the Township of Terrington aforesaid, to Low Two Miles and a Half short of the 'Town of Great Yar-Water Mark towards the North, and abutting to- mouth, was read the Third Time, wards the West upon the Boundary Creek next the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Salt Marsh belonging to Henry Hare Townsend, Esquire, be, An Act for continuing an Act of the Ninth Year in the Township of Walpole, in the said County, and of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the on the Boundary Creek next the Salt Marsh of the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, said William Bentinck, in Terrington aforesaid, towards to a Stone, formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the East, and the Residue of the said Waste Grounds the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two containing by Estimation 250 Acres, consists of cer- Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great tain Commons, called The In-Commons, lying in the Yarmouth.

said Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's and Terring- Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill ton Saint John's; and that the Lords of the said seve- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ral Manors are Owners of the Soil of the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Norwich and Grounds, within the said Parishes, and the Petitioners varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of WattonRoad are respectively Owners of several Messuages and His present Majesty, for amending and widening the 1>asse<i,'; Tofts, or Sites of Messuages, situate in the Parishes Road from Stephen's Gate, in the County of the aforesaid, and they, and the several other Owners of City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Messuages and Tofts, or Sites of Messuages, in the Wot ton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the 'Third said Parishes, are entitled to Right of Common and Time.

Feed upon the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Commons, or Waste Grounds; and that the stud Com- be. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the

Powers,

Norwich and New Bucken-ham Road Bill passed.

Turmlne’s Nat Bill passed.

Cromford ( anal Bill committed.

Macclesfield Road Bill reported.

Wafvick Gaol Bill committed.

Petition against the l.e*es and C tick field Navigation

Bill.

30 Geo. III. 23° Februarii.

113

Powers,' of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Noah Turmine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County -of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pins ton Mill, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Creme reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of , to

the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Femilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Astley, Sir George Augustus William , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Susses, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill lor improving, continuing, and extending the

Vol. 45.

Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfeld, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfeld, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Susses; and Setting forth, That the River which runs from the Town of Uckfeld, through the Parishes of If eld and Little Horsted, is one of the Branches of the River Ouse mentioned in the said Bill, and is capable of being made Navigable for Barges, Lighters, and other Craft, to the Town of Uckfeld aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are desirous of making such Navigation to the said Town of Uckfeld: And, as they will be greatly injured by the said Bill now depending, therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the same.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for Petition Lewes and Laughton Levels, adjoining the River Ouse, ^8ainst th* and lying between Newhaven and Mill, in cuckfieW*1

the County of Sussex, was also presented to the House, Navigation and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; Bill, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Commissioners of the Sewers for draining the Lewes and Laughton Levels, adjoining to the said River Ouse, and extending the whole Distance from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill aforesaid, appointed by a Commission issued pursuant to the Statute of the Twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, and have, by virtue of their Powers under the said Commission, expended considerable Sums of Money, which have been raised by Taxes or Scots upon the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the said Levels, and laid out the same in widening and deepening the said River at various Places, and in rendering the same more strait, and have thereby very considerably assisted the Drainage of the Lands, and at the same Time improved the Navigation of the said River from Newhaven to Lewes Bridge, and had begun to proceed with their said Improvements from Lewes to Barcombe Mill (having already widened the said River as far as Barcombe Mill) which they could have accomplished without any great Burthen to the Country, but were prevented from carrying their Works into complete Execution by the incessant Rains and consequent Floods; and that the principal Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town of Lewes, and its Neighbourhood, have entered into an Agreement with the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the said Levels to pursue the said Improvements upon Terms very advantageous to the said Commission of Sewers, the Owners apd Occupiers of Land, and all Persons interested in the Trade and Navigation of the said River, which Agreement, by a Commission of Sewers, held by the said Commissioners the 16th of January last, hath been ratified and confirmed, and the said River from Lewes to Barcombe Mills hath always been and still is a free River; and that by the said Bill it is proposed to vest the Powers of deepening and widening that Part of the said River which lies between Lewes and Barcombe Mill aforesaid in a Company of Proprietors, and thereby to take the Direction and Management of the Works, to be carried on upon the same, out of the Hands of the Petitioners, and to levy Tolls and Tonnage to the great Detriment of the Public, and eventually to annul and defeat the good Effects of the said beneficial Agreement made between the Parties aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such. other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of William Kempe, of South Mailing, Ditto. ' near Lewes, in the County of Sussex, Serjeant at Law, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That

G g the

23° Februarii.

A. 1790.

the Petitioner is seised of the Manor and ancient Scite of the Deanery of South , and the Lands,

Tenements, Rectory, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, situate on both Sides of the River Ouse, together with a Bridge over the same, supported by himself only; and that the Petitioner has also a private Road, planted with Trees, upon the Western Bank of the said River, along a Causeway, called The Dean’s Causeway, leading through the Petitioner’s Grounds to the Town of Lewes, and has a several Right of Fishery in the said River; and that the Petitioner

Sluice, and the Port of King's Lynn in the said County, and on the West Side of the said River, from Salter's Load Sluice, in the Parish of Denver aforesaid, to a Place in the Parish of Tilney Saints, in the said County, called Tilney Gool, on behalf of themselves and others, Lahd Owners, charged and chargeable with the Repairs of the said Banks, and also of the several Merchants and Traders, whose Names are also thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others, navigating and using the said River, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That conceives that his Rights, and the Value of his Estate the said Banks or Sea Walls are absolutely necessary enjoyed by himself and Ancestors, and the Comfort to be kept in good Repair, to preserve many Thou-of the Petitioner, may be materially affected and di- sand Acres of valuable Land against Inundations of minished by the said Bill: And therefore praying to the said River from Tides and Floods passing up and be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the same, down, and also for confining the Waters of the said and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law. River, to preserve a Channel for navigating Boats,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Barges, Lighters, and Vessels therein, and the said lie upon the Table, until the Report be re- Banks are maintained at a great Expence to the Land ceived from the Committee, to whom the said Owners chargeable therewith, who are liable to heavy Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to Fines, under the Power of the Court of Sewers for the be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, said County, for neglecting the Repairs thereof; and against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if that great Controversies and Disputes have arisen be-they think fit. tween the said Land Owners and the Owners of Boats,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Barges, Lighters, and Vessels, on Account of Haling the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the or Towing the same with Horses, or Beasts of Bur-said Petitions. then, on the Banks of the said River, and it would

greatly facilitate the Purposes of Navigation, if Leave Mr. Hobart to Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry to the was granted to hale Boats, Barges, Lighters, or Vessels, carry Bristol Lords the ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish with Horses or Beasts of Burthen, on the said Banks, to The^Lords Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City under certain Regulations, making proper Satisfaction ’ of Bristol, and desire the Concurrence of their Lord- to the said Land Owners, and would prevent further ships thereto. Suits between the said Land Owners and Traders: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this in a Bill for regulating the Haling or Tow ing on the Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and said Banks with Horses, or Beasts of Burthen, as the Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to We

minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and for naturalizing Matthias Koops, was read a if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, Time, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names* of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, in Behalf of themselves, and of the Merchants, Traders, and others, concerned in the Navigation in the several Counties of Norf olk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Koops’ N«t.

Second Bill committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Adam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ouse Haling Paths Petition. '

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Owners of Lands charged

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, Wolve? and Common Right, in the Common and Open lnc!osnr* Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, 1>#tltloa' within the Parish of Wolvey, otherwise Woolvey, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wtte presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if the said Common Fields, Heath, Wolds, Waste, Common, or Commonable Land, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-

with, or chargeable to, the Repairs of the Banks or closing the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Corn-Sea Walls of the River Ouze, on the East Side of the inon, or Waste Land, in such Manner as to the House said River, between a certain Bridge in the Parish of shall seem meet.

Denver, in the County of Norfolk, called Deliver Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

02 pursuant

Fosbrook Hoad Bill reported.

Croydon and Gods tone Roads Petition.

Instruction to Committee for examining Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Fosbrookin the Parish of Dillom, through Dillom, and from thence to or near to ton, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Hundred of

f ate, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the louse, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads from Purley Corner, near Croydon, to Reigate, in Surrey, through Merstham, as also from Godstone, through Reigate, to Won ham Mill Gate and Buck land Church, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in several Places, very narrow and steep, and, at Times, frequently unsafe for Travellers, and want very much widening, and otherwise improving, so as to render the same at all Times convenient and passable; and that such Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, and, if the said Roads were repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Purley Comer, beyond Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through Merstham, to the Borough of Reigate, and from Godstone, in the said County, through the Borough of Reigate, to Wonham Mill Gate, and to Buckland Church, in the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

reported the Evidence that shall be laid before them in Support of the said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr. Leeds: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 0

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Mo-Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces tiny Bill-while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this "H?* Lor<^9. House, That their Lordships will proceed further id Thursday the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday on Mr. Hj»t-Moming next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster ings’s Trial. Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to im-improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands, Prove the within that Part of Great Britain called England: And -

that Mr. Jolliffe and Mr. Pye do prepare, and bring awe Lands" in, the same. ordered.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Trade Acts. jesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and " Plantations in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West " and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other " Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations " in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec,

" without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions " and Restrictions."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House being informed. That Captain Hall, Mr. Falconbridge, and Mr. Wilson, can give very material Information on the Subject of the Slave Trade, and that they are under the Necessity of soon leaving this Kingdom;

And a Member present having informed the House, that the Examination of such Persons, before the Committee appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, will not be attended with any Inconvenience to the several Petitioners who are at this Time in the Course of examining their Witnesses in Support of their Petitions;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do forthwith proceed to the Examination of the said Captain Hall, Mr Falconbridge, and Mr. Wilson; but that they do not report such Examination to the House, until they shall have taken and Vol. 4 5,

Mercurii, 24° die Februarii',

Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees, whose Edinburgh, Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Petj. Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his tion. late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing sundry Roads therein mentioned, passing through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repainng the Post Road from the City of " Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and " Stirling, from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water,

" and from thence to the Town of Linlithgmc, and

" from

116 24° Februarii. A. 1790.;

«« from the Said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to the County of Renfrew, and other and farther Powers " Stirling, and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to are necessary, in order to carry the Intention of the said " Inchbelly Bridge on the Post Road to the City of Laws into Execution, and Doubts have arisen, in some " Glasgowcertain Persons were appointed Trustees Cases, who are chargeable towards repairing the High-

for repairing the said Roads, with the several Powers ways, and it is attended with much Difficulty and and Authorities in the said Act mentioned, which was Trouble to make effectual, and properly apply, the to have Continuance from the 1st Day of June 1752, Statute Work in the said County; and that a reason-for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence able Composition in Money, instead of Labour, is in to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; many Places found to be more useful and effectual for and that, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-first the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the several as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, contained in the said Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the first-mentioned Act, except in so far as they were thereby same, and it will be of real Advantage to the County, varied or altered, were declared to have Continuance in certain Cases, to convert the said Services into Money, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from and to fix and ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying the nce to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- thereof, and also to authorize a farther Sum to be levied ment, and certain other Persons in the Counties of for Road and Bridge Money in the said County; and Linlithgow and Stirling were joined with the former that the Road to and from Elieston Bridge, in the said Trustees for repairing the said Roads, and executing County of , having been in a ruinous Condition,

the Powers of both Acts; and that it would more and so steep and inaccessible as to prevent any Im-eiffectually promote the repairing and keeping in Repair provement of the same, a new Bridge, called -

of the Road3 mentioned in the said Acts, if the said land Bridge, was erected at a small Distance therefrom.

Trust was separated and divided, and the Tolls levied on such Parts of the aforesaid Roads as lie within the County of Linlithgow, applied to the making, repairing, and widening the same, and put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of the Trustees connected with the said County of Linlithgow, and 'that the Tolls levied on such Part of the aforesaid Roads as lie within the County of Stirling, should be applied to the making, repairing, and widening the same, and be put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of the Trustees connected with the said County of Stirling; and that the following Part of the Roads comprehended in the said Acts lie within the County of Linlithgow, viz. that Past thereof extending from Carlourie Bridge, formerly the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, to the Burgh of Linlithgow, and from thence to Linlithgow Bridge upon the Water of And the Repairs thereof, and Tolls to be levied thereon, ought to be put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of Trustees, Landholders in, or otherwise -connected with, the said County of Linlithgow: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, for and during such Term of Years, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Authorities, as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appeal* to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Cunynghame, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Renfrew Sta- A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Free-

tute Labour holders and Owners of Land in the County of Renfrew,

Petition. wag presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws now subsisting in Scotland for making of Roads, building Bridges, and regulating Ferries, have been found ineffectual for answering those Purposes in

and a new Road has been completely made thereto, all at the Expence of William Macdowall, of Esquire,which supersedes the use of the said Road to and from Elieston Bridge, and therefore it would be of Advantage to the Public, that the said Road to and from Garthland Bridge, should be and remain a public Road, to be used instead of the said Road by Elieston Bridge, in Time coming, and the Road last mentioned should be shut up: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour of the said County of Renfrew, and other Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Cunynghame, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,) and Records.

The House being informed that Sir William Chambers plan of the attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Building* at presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Somerset

A Plan of the Buildings that have been, and are now Account "of carrying on at Somerset Place: And also, Money ex-

An Account of the Money expended in the Buildings pended at Somerset Place; together with an Estimate of the tt,er*!‘n> Pre* further Expences which may attend the completing such sented* Buildings.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Plan and Account were read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account is as followeth; viz.

24° Febru

30 Geo. III.

117

An ACCOUNT of the Money expended in the Buildings at Somerset; together with an Estimate Buildinas at

Somerset

of the further Expences which may attend the completing such Buildings. Place.

Received up till February 19th, 1788, as mentioned in the Statement delivered at the Bar of the House, 27th May 1788 Amount of Money received for Old Materials up to Christmas 1787 -

Received July 17th, 17S8, at the India House, in Payment for the Old Navy Office Received in Part Discharge of the Sum voted for the Service of 1788 -Received December 17th, 1789, at the Stamp Office, from the Sale of the Old Office Amount of Old Materials sold, from Christmas 1787 up to the present Time -

Total Sum received - -

£ s. d.

306,134 — 9 9,187 n -11,500 — —

20,000 ——

5,764 10 —

350 — —

352,93<3 1 91

Part of which has been expended in the following Manner:

Purchase of Ground and Old Houses, from Nourse and others - - 3,265 3 7 f

Compensations to Harling and others, Sufferers by Demolition of the Old

Buildings - -- 675 1 2

Paid Executors of T. Phillips, by Treasury Order - - - 34 71

Paid Executors of Thomas Robinson, by Order of Treasury, for Drawings,

Surveying, &c. &c. ----- ---- - 367 ——

Paid various Persons, on Account of Ely House, by Order of Treasury - 86 12 8

Paid at the Board of Works, and to Arbitrators, on several Occasions, and for settling the Value of Grounds, &c. purchased - - - - 1124 —

Turncock, New River Water, Water Bailiff, Boats, &c. - - 381 10 —

Insurance of various Offices, by Order of Treasury - - - - 21419 —

Taking down Old Buildings, digging up and removing Old Foundations, moving and carrying away Earth and Rubbish, shoring up and securing contiguous Buildings, repairing old Drains and building new ones, to take the Water from the Strand, and contiguous Houses - 3,681 14 1

Erecting various Water Engines, to serve different Parts of the Buildings

with Water - -- -- - - -- 541 7 —

A Bronze Groupe of His Majesty, including Pedestal - 2,270 5 —

Two Clocks, with Attendance on the same, at per Annum, 15/. 15 for

Six Years - -- 354 ——

Paving the Strand, repairing and cleansing the same, for 14 Years - - 1,293 8 —

Taking down the Old, and building a New Watch House, at the New

Church, Strand, by Order of the Treasury - - - - 156 4 —

Watchmen 14 Years, 668; Porters D°, 881- - - - - 1,549 ——

Lamplighter, Oil, Cotton, &c. 14 Years, about ----- 550 — —

Fees of various kinds, up to the present Time - - - - -1,11823

Fuel used to air the Offices, Labourers attending the Fires, occasional Chair-women, Chimney Sweepers, Surveyors Office Fuel and Candles,

14 Years ' - -- 360 ——

Books of Accounts, Measuring Books, and other Stationary Articles, with

a large Iron Chest - 195 10 —

Incidental Articles of various Kinds, of which particular Accounts have or are to be laid before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts - - 450 6 2

Payments to Surveyors, appointed, by Order of Treasury, to survey the

Works, and to examine and state the Accounts ----- 575 13 —

Balance, being the Money expended on the Buildings at Somerset House - £

18,232 7 — i

334,703 14 8 £

Vol. 45.

II h

The

The Lords Lave agreed to

Mutiny Bill.

Pointed Tn-dosure Bill.

Linton Inclosure Bill.

118 2'4>° Februarii. A, 1790.

The farther Expences which may attend the completing such Buildings, as well as can be computed, while some Parts of the Works are not begun, some not in a measurable State, and others remaining unmeasured, while the Account of 1787 is not yet settled, or reported upon by the Treasury Surveyor, the Exa-

will be

Towards defraying which,

There remains unissued of the Sum voted for 1788- -

Yet to be replaced several Sums advanced to the Fixture Makers, out of the Money voted for the Building, to the Amount of -

s.

4,600 ——

Wanted to complete the Buildings -

February 24th, 1790.

£ 43,>oo

d.

— 9,600

V

£ 33,500

Besides the Money expended in the Buildings at Somerset House, there has an Expence been incurred for Fixtures, such as Writing Desks of different Sorts, and their Enclosures, BookCases, Book Shelves, Cupboards, Drawers, Nests for Letters and Papers, Seats, Benches, Pay Tables, Board Tables, and various other necessary Articles in all the Offices, besides fitting up many large Repositories for Books and Papers,

amounts to the Sum of

Towards Payment of which there has been received; viz.

From the Navy Office, and

Navy Pay Office Stamp Office Salt Office

Sick and Hurt Office -Victualling Office Tax Office

Total received

- - 29,940 9 —

£ s. d.

- 8,395 6 n

- 4,400

1,100

- 1,171

- 2,170

500

- 17,736 6 11

e - - 12,204 2 1

February 24th, 1790.

lVilliam Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Plan and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of Pointon, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. , Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders*

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending 25th December 1789, with the Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tin exported from Great Britain for the last Twenty Years, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Pewter exported from Great Britain for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of tffi said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

' A Petition

Accounts of Imports, &c. of Hum and Suijar — and, of Tin and Pewter exported, presented.

Norwich Petition against the Tobacco Act

Leicester and Wei ford Hoad 1 ill committed*

Samwell’s

Name

Petition.

30 Geo. III. 24° Februarii. 119

A Petition of the Persons thereunder signed, being Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Tobacco and Snail, in the City of Norwich, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, is highly injurious to the Petitioners, as it exposes the Mysteries of their Trade, which they had been taught to consider as private Property, and imposes Regulations and Restrictions upon their Manufacture, with which they cannot comply without great Loss to themselves, and a Non-compliance with which exposes them to heavy Penalties; and that the Operation of the said Act, instead of benefiting, will be detrimental to the Revenue. by putting Smugglers in Possession of the Secrets of the Petitioners Trade, and by increasing the Price of their Goods, in consequence of the Delays and Interruptions which the said Act occasions in the Manufacture of them, which Operation has been already sensibly felt by the Petitioners, the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuff sold by them, since the said Act took Effect, having been considerably less than it was during any former Period, and Daily decreasing; and that the Petitioners also perceive, with extreme Regret, that the Penalties inflicted by the said Act are recoverable in a summary Manner, without the Intervention of a Jury, a Mode of Proceeding that tends to undermine an Institution which the Petitioners have been taught to consider as the Bulwark of the British Constitution: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petitioa do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road* from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Fosten Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby dela Zouch, in the said County of; and for repairing and widening Two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane, and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Des-ford and Newbold Verdon, branching out of the said Turnpike Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -gerford, Mr. Pochm, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Watson Samwell,

Esquire, heretofore called Thomas Samwell Watson, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir Thomas Samwell, late of Upton, in the County of Northampton, Baronet, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, dated the First Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, gave and devised all his Real Estates unto his natural Son, Thomas Samwell, for his Life; Remainder to Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders; Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Thomas Samwell, successively in Tail Mail; Remainder to the Testator’s Brother, Wenman Samwell, for his Life; Remainder to the said Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders; Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Wenman Samwell, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner for his Life; Remainder to the said Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders; Remainder to the first and other Sons of the Peti-titioner successively in Tail Male;., with divers Remainders over: And that the said Testator did by his said Will declare, that the said Estates were devised and limited to the Petitioner and his first and other Sons in Tail Mail, upon the express Condition, that if, by Failure of Issue Male of the said Thomas Samwell Vol. 45.

and Wenman Samwell, the said Estates should, by virtue of the said Will, come to the Petitioner, or to his first or other Son or Sons, or to the Heirs Male of his or their respective Bodies, then they should, within One Month next after they should severally come into the actual Possession thereof, take upon him and them the Surname of Samwell, and do his and their utmost Endeavours, as soon as he or they could, to procure and obtain an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, and also to use the Arms of Samwell as far as he or they lawfully might; and that in case any of them should refuse or neglect to take the said Surname within the Space of One Month in Manner aforesaid, and should not within Two Years use his Endeavour to procure such Act of Parliament as aforesaid, the Estate therein before limited to him or them so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid should cease and be void, and that it should be lawful for the Person or Persons who by virtue of the said Will should be next in Remainder to enter into, hold, and enjoy the said Estates, taking upon him or them the Surname of Sanrwell; and that the Testator departed this Life soon after the making his said Will, and the said Thomas Samwell, his Son, is since dead, without Issue Male, and the said Wenman Samwell, late Sir W enmanSamwell, Baronet, departed this Life on the Eighteenth Day of October last past, without Issue Male, whereupon the Petitioner, by virtue of the said Will, came into the actual Possession of the said Estates, and immediately took upon himself the Surname of Samwell, in Conformity to the said Will; and the Petitioner, in further Compliance with the Conditions of the said Will, is desirous to obtain an Act of Parliament to enable him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Samwell: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of his and their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Samwell, in pursuance of the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George Bishop, of Maidstone, Distiller, was presented so the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath incurred a very considerable Expence in establishing, at Maidstone, in Kent, a Manufactory for making Geneva, of a Quality and Sort similar to that which is made in Holland; and that, the Process by which the Petitioner makes his Geneva being different from that by which other British Spirits are produced, he hath been indulged by Act of Parliament, from Time to Time, with special Exemptions from the general Regulations of the Excise Laws, in order to enable him to continue to make his Geneva; and that, in order to promote the Sale of his Geneva in various Parts of Great Britain, the Petitioner hath, at a considerable Expence, formed very extensive Connections for that Purpose, by which Means the Practice of smuggling Foreign Geneva hath been, and will furthur continue to be, discouraged and prevented, to the great Increase of the Excise Revenue: And that the Petitioner conceives that the Expediency of his being permitted to carry on his Manufactory, as he hath hitherto done, has been very clearly proved, and as the Distillery and Utensils, which he hath erected and provided for the Purpose at a very great Expence, have not reimbursed him, therefore praying, That he may not continue to be compelled to carry on his Distillery under the great and manifest Discouragement of only a temporary Exemption from the general Regulations of the Excise Laws, but that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Exemption perpetual, or that the Petitioner may have such other

Mr. Bishop’s Petition.

]Q0 24° Febru 1790.

other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Roystnn anrl T he Lord Hinch ingbrook reported from the Com-Wamiesfovd mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term,

re tried*11 an<^ altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts epor e . pal|jameilt) for repairing the Roads from

in the County of Hertford, to Bridge, in

the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and^fterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingresced.

Macclesfield -A11 ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road Bill an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His passed. present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilce, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in tiic Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road From Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

Ordered, That Mr. Crave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lluttnn A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

liusheil thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

hiclobiire- Owners of Estates within the Manor and Township

unwiu ()f Hutton Bush ell, in the North Riding of the County of York,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, certain Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons interested according to their several Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Weddell and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

De Luc’s A Petition of Francoise Antoinette De Luc, was pre-Nat.l’etition. sented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George IJozvard, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Earl of Plymouth, and the hum- Glamorgan-ble Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of *J»n;e Canal the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, etltion‘ and read; Setting forth. That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from Merthyr Tidvile, in the County of Glamorgan, to, or near to, the Town of Cardiff', in the said County; and that the making and maintaining such Canal will be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all other.

Persons having Lands and Estates within the said County, as it will open Communications with very extensive Iron Works and Collieries, and will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir William Dolben, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean* to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the def<rred-Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Harrison, from Report from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; the Board he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Land House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Par- Revenu<* liament,

A Sixth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents:

And also,

A Plan of Aliceholt and Woolmer Forest, referred to in the said Report.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Report and Plan were read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Sixth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer is situated in situation, the East Part of the County of , on the

Borders of the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and is bounded on one Side by the River TVey, which becomes navigable at Godalming, about Ten Miles from

07 the

Water Carriage for Timber to Dock Yards.

Perambulation in *8 Ldw. I.

Appendix,

N#i.

Hen.II.RicJ.

John.

Hen. III.

9 Hen. III.

Perambulation ll Cha. L Appendix, a.

Plan of the Forest.

30 Ge.0. III. 24° Februarii. 121

the Middle of the Forest; and comnhinicates with the River Thames, affording an easy Conveyance of the Forest l imber to the Dock Yards in that River, and at a moderate Expence.

The most antient Perambulation we have found of this Forest is dated in the 28th Year of King Edward I. and is preserved among the Records in the Tower. A Copy of that Perambulation is given in the Appendix; from the latter Part of which it appears, that this was one of the Forests enlarged by the Four preceding Kings, and reduced by Edward to its more antient Limits, in consequence of the Provisions in the Charta de Forcsta, and of a Grant from the Commons, of ai Fifteenth Part of all their moveable Property.

Another Perambulation of this Forest was made in the 1J th of Charles I. of which a Copy is also inserted in the Appendix. The Boundaries in' those Two Perambulations, appear to be the same; and they have been traced and followed by the Surveyor employed by us, in making the Plan which is to be delivered with this Report.

The Whole of the Forest within those Boundaries contains about 15,493 Acres, Statute Measure; but

of that Quantity about 6,799 Acres belong to private Number of Proprietors; the Rest, being about 8,694, Acres, are Acres’ Forest Lands belonging to the Crown.

The Forest consists of Two Divisions, the one called The Forest in The Holt, or Aliceholt, and the other JVootmer. The TwoDivi-Two Parts are separated from each other by a consi- ^<’ns*c*1,ed. derable Extent of intervening private Property. Alice-holt was formerly divided into Three Bailiwicks, of Walks, called The North, The South, and The West Bailiwicks; but that Distinction is now laid aside.

Woolmer is divided into Two Walks,. called -borough Walk, and Borden Walk. The Whole, however, forms but One Forest, governed by One Set of Officers, and subject to the same Forest Courts; and the following is a Statement of the Quantities of the inclosed Lands, Open Pasture, and Wood Lands, belonging to the Crown, with the estimated Value of the Wood and Timber growing thereon, and the Annual Value of the Lands, supposing them to be disafforested, and turned into Tillage or Pasture, according to the Survey made under our Direction; viz. n« <j. ’

Crown Land* in the Forest.

In ALICEHOLT:

The Great Lodge, and inclosed Lands occupied with it (Roads included) -

Goose Green Lodge, and inclosed Lands -Old Close Lodge, and inclosed Lands.

[Wood Open forest - < Pasture . I Ponds

Incroachments

a. r. v. 1,942 2 — ] 484 3 17 f 21 1 23 J

In WOOLMER:

Linchborough Lodge, and inclosed Lands -Borden Lodge, ancT Inclosures -

Open Forest

{Pasture and) Heath, &c. J Ponds

A. R.

5,869

86

p.

3 61 — 35 J

In both Divisions

Quantities. Yearly Value* I Value of Timber.

A. R. P. £ s. d. I- ’

152 1 — 127 16 — 900

41 2 10 62 16 3 130

98 2 31 76 19 3 70

292 2 1 267 11 6 1,100

2,448 3 — 1,224 7 6 60,000

3 2 22

2,744 3 23 i,49* 19 — 61,100

143 2 32 40 8

3 15 8 9 6

163 2 7 48 17 6

5,786 — 1 896 8 10

5,949 2 8 945 6 4

8,694 1 3» 437 5 4 61,100

Some Incroachments, or rather Claims, have been made by the Lords of the adjoining Manors of Mill Land, and Oakhanger, or Chapel Manor, to Parts of the Soil of Woolmer-, but the Lands lie open to and are reputed Part of the Forest, and those Claims do not appear to be of long standing, or very well founded.

In what Manner the Lodges and inclosed Lands are now occupied, will be stated hereafter, when we come to speak of the Forest Officers, and their Emoluments. The uninclosed Lands of the Crown, in Vol. 45.

both Divisions, are subject to certain Rights of Com- Right* of mon, enjoyed by the Proprietors of Estates within or Common, adjacent to the Forest; and that Mixture of Rights has in this, as in other Forests, opened a Door to great Waste and Abuse.

In order to discover what Rights were admitted nr Right* for-enjoyed in this Forest during the last Century, when merlyenjoyed some Care was-taken to confine them within just ^r0*l^0m" Limits, and to protect the Rights of the Crown in the Royal Forests, we examined the Proceedings at a claim* at a Justice Seat held by Lord Holland, Chief Justice' in Justice Seat,

Ii Eyre, 11 Cha. I.

24* Fehrutiru,

A. 1790.

Land Revenue Report.

-Swanimote Courts in 18 Jo. I. and 11 Cha. 1.

Antient Govero-ment of this Forest

Appendix, N* 4.

Office of Lieute- 1 nant granted on Lease.

Appendix, N® 5.

Appendix, N*6.

Terms and Conditions of the Lease.

Eyre, in the tiih Charted I. preserved in the Tower, at which Court all Persons claiming Rights in the Forest preferred their Claims in Writing, specifying the Nature and Extent of those Rights. The Claims then made were Thirty in Number, of which Three only are wanting; and in all those Claims no Mention is made of any other Right than that of Common of Pasture, except in One Instance, where a Right is claimed- to cut Peat and Turf in the Division ealled Woolmer; and the Right of Pasture is claimed

only for Commonable Cattle, Levant and on the LandB of the Claimants (or, in other Words, for such Cattle as the Parties could maintain on their own Lands, during the whole Year) and for those only in Commonable Seasons, according to the Assize of the Forest.

We have also perused the Rolls of Two Courts of Swanimote, held in the i-8th of James I. and nth of Charles I. likewise preserved in the Tower; at which Courts all Offences committed to the Injury of the1 Forest were presented and tried. From those Proy ceedings it appears, that no other Rights than those mentioned in the Claims preferred at the Justice Seat were allowed. The Timber, Wood, and Underwood, were then held to be the sole Property of the Crown; and the cutting or carrying away any Branch of a Tree, or -even Bushes, was punished in the same Maimer as Injuries to the King’s Deer.

In a subsequent Part of this Report we shall , shew the Change which- has since taken Place, the new Claims which have been established, the total Neglect and Relaxation which have prevailed, on the Part of Government, and the Waste, Incroachraent, and Spoil which have been suffered during -the present -Century.

The antient Government of tins Forest, under the Forest Laws, was similar to that in Other Forests, by a Lieutenant, Ranger, or Keeper, Verderors, Woodward, Regarders, Agistors, and Foresters, or Under Keepers; and those Officers held Courts of Swanimote and Attachment, which took Cognizance of all Offences done in the Forest. An Extract from the Swanimote Roll of the nth Charles I. inserted in the Append!*, shews what Officers then belonged to this Forest, and the Towns which sen* Free Suitors to attend at the Forest Courts.

But the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of this. Forest has, for a long Course of Time, been, granted on Lease for Lives, or Terms of Years, with the Power of appointing a Deputy, and the usual Number of Foresters, or Under Keepers, and of holding, every Six Weeks, the Court of Attachment, or Woodmote; in consequence of which Powers, the whole Care and Protection of the Forest Tame, at length, to depend on the Lieutenant alone. We have given-in the Appendix a List of those Leases, from the Reign of Queen Elizabeth to the present Time; from which it appears that at the Beginning of the present Century that Office was held by Emanuel Scroop Howe, Esquire, under a Grant from lung Wfo» 45- Yearn; and* after his Death, by Mrs. Ruperta Howe, his Widow.

It was afterwards granted to the Honourable John Mordaunt, by whom it was assigned, in 1750, to the late Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, and has ever since continued in that Family. A Copy of the lost Lease, granted in 1780, to Trustees for Lord Sttnvell, for 31 Years from that Time, is also inserted in the Appendix. The Terms and Conditions in all those Leases are nearly the Same, and the Substance as follows:

The King grants to the Trustees for Lord StawelL,

A Fee Farm. Rent of 31 k 2. 11. out of the

Manor of Wordteham, in Hampshire: v

And the Office of Eieu tenant, os Keeper, of the Forest or Chase of Aliceholt and

To hold and receive the said Rent, without Account; but on Condition' to pay all Fees, Wages; and Salaries, of all- toe Officers of the said Forest;

And to hold the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper; with all Offices, Liberties, Privileges, Wages,

Fees, Rewards; and other Profits and Commodities thereto belonging;

With Power to appoint a Deputy or Deputies, amt so many Foresters and Keepers as heretofore wens appointed, for the safe Custody of the said Forest;

And to have all Beasts or Animals attached, or taken in the said Forest, by any of the Foresters;

And all Manner of Wood blown or thrown dbwn by the Wind, and all dead Woody and the Boughs and Branches of Trees and Wood in the said- Forest, out off or thrown down;

And Housebote and Firebote for bitnseff and the Foresters and Keepers;

And all Waifs, Estrays, Honey and Wax found there;

And separate Pasture within the King’s Lands in the said Forest, for Two Horses for himself, or his Deputies, and sufficient Pasture within the Forest for One , Horae for each Forester or Keeper;

With Liberty -of Fishing within the Kings Waters there, and to keep the Fish to his own Use;

Also Power to hold, every Six Weeks, the Court called the Wood Court, and to take.afr Fines and Amerciaments there to his own Use;

And to have the Entrails, commonly called the Humbles and Suets, of the Deer killed there;

And Liberty to take One Stag and One Buck in the Summer, and One Hmd and One Doo in the Winter, to his own Use.

To hold and exercise all the Offices; Authorities*

Liberties, and Privileges aforesaid, without any Account to be rendered to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the same.

And the Grantee covenants as follows:

To repair all the Lodges, Fences, and Inclosures at his own Expence;

To discharge His Majesty from the Payment of the Salaries, Stipends, or Wages, of the Foresters,

Keepers, and Officers of the Forest;

To preserve and keep the Deer, and other Game, and also the Woods, Timber, and other Trees, from cutting chopping, and Spoil; and, so preserved, to leave the same, at the End of the Term.

It is probable that the Object and Expectation Observations on of Government, in granting a Lease on such Condi- offiS"©?Lieuw-tions, was, that by bestowing on a Person of some nant Distinction, for a Term of \ ears, the Authority and Dignity, with the Patronage and Emoluments annexed to this desirable and respectable Office, supporting it with the Aid of the other Officers of the Forest, and with the Power of the Forest Courts, more Weight might be added to the Situation, ami the Protection of the Deer and Timber be rendered more certain and effectual, than it would have been undo* an Officer holding the Appointment during Pleasure; and that, at the same Time, the Expence to the Crown, in the Management of the Forest might be ascertained and limited: But, by tracing

the Progress and Effect of the different Conditions* separately, down to the present Time, it will appear how. iff. those Expectations have been justified by the Event.

One

v

30 Gfco. III.

24° Februani.

123

Remarks concern- One of the Conditions w&s; that the whole Expence ing the Salaries of gaiarj€a an£| Fees to the Foresters and Under eepers. Keepers, should be defrayed by the Lieutenant, a

Antient Allowance ^ent of S1 2S- 11 reserved out of the Manor ofgiA ar. nd. per of Wordleham ,being granted to him for that Purpose;

Ann. And this Annual Payment appears to have remained

without Addition or Alteration, until the Year 1701, When, on an application from Emanuel Scroop Howe, Esquire, then Lieutenant of the Forest, King WHbam, by Letters of Privy Seal, granted an Allowance " to " the Five Under Keepers of the Forest of A lice holt 1501. per Ann. and Woolmer, of 25/. a Year each for themselves, in 170/ nvySea " and 5/. more to each for a Servant under them,

" this Forest; therefore, to establish some Order, and " prevent the total Ruin thereof, the late Queen; on " the Representation of the Surveyor of the Woods, " did grant 130/. per out of Wood Seles, for

Wages to Five Keepers, whereof Two were to Halve " 20/. per Annum each, and Three others (each of " whom was to keep a Servant) 30/. per Anitunt, " a-piece, payable to them by the Ranger.

*' This 130/. per Annum is now lately revived, " and continued to the said Keepers, and made payable as before, to the Hands of the Ranger; but " then, as 520/. immediately becomes payable, to " clear ail Arrears thereupon, for Four Years to for their Encouragement, the better to preserve the " Michaelmas 1722, the King’s Surveyor is cautioned

hand RerenuA Report.

" Timber and Deer within the said Forest, amOuftting in the Whole to 150/. per Annum, to commence from Michaelmas 1099, and to be paid, " Quarterly, out of the Exchequer, to the said Etnanuel Scroop Howe, by him to be paid over to the " said Keepers, during Pleasure."

This Sum was accordingly paid to the Lieutenant, till the Grant became void by. the Death of King William; when Mr. Hence prayed that the same Allowance might be continued, and that it might be paid by the Surveyor General of the Woods, out of Money in his Hands, arising by Wood Sales; and this Petition having been referred to Edward Wilcox,

" by the Warrant, to take Care that the same be applied, and paid over by the said Ranger, accorcl-

" togly-

" And the Keepers are also, by the said Warrant, " enjoined, for the better Preservation of the Crown’s "’Interest in the said Forest; to observe such Orders " and Instructions as they shall receive from the " King’s Surveyor, under Pain of being deprived the " Benefit of the Allowances the King gives them.

" These Cautions do naturally arise, upon the Disorders of this Forest, complained against by the " present Surveyor; for if the Keepers have not Wages, they must live on the Destruction of the

Esquire, who then held the Office of Surveyor Ge- " Forest; and if they have the King’s Wages, and

neraJ, he reported that 20/. each to the Keepers of Woolmer, where there was no Timber, might be a sufficient Allowance, without any Servant; and that the other Three, being Keepers in Holt, " where there " was a great Quantity of young thriving Timber, and lately well preserved, which thereafter might be fit

are not to be subject to the King’s Officer’s Orders,

" with respect to the King’s Interest in the said Forest,

" as Mrs. Howe would have it, the King may be said " to give hrs Money for committing Disorders, and " not for preventing of them."

This Allowance of 130/. has accordingly been The Allowance

" for the Use of the Navy," might deserve EncOu- paid ever since, to the Lieutenant for the Time being, 8t‘II coutinued. Rfdneedto i$o£ ragement, by having the former Allowances of 25/. in order to be paid over to the Under Keepers, in the Sillied u>Aug^ for the Under Keeper, and 51, for the Servant, con-

W Appendix, N° 7.

tinued to them, being in all 130/. per Annum; and Letters of Privy Seal were issued accordingly, for that Yearly Payment After the Death of Mr. Howe, a Memorial was pre- sented to the Treasury, by Mrs. Ruperta Howe, his

The sane Allow- Widow, in the Year 1722, praying that this Allow-nte continued in aBce might be continued; and the Lords Justices (the

now

Manner proposed by Mr. Wilcox; and Warrants for that Purpose have, from Time to Time, been issued from the Treasury: But that Sum having been so long received by the Lieutenant, the Intention for which it was granted seems to be in a great Measure forgotten: No Part of it, nor any Salary whatever, is No Salary now paid to the Two Keepers in Woolmer, for whom pa'd to the Keepers 201, each is specifically granted; but, instead of a of <x",uer’

King being Abroad) issued an Order, and the Trea- Salary, they are allowed to sell as much of the Peat, who are allowed to aery granted a Warrant thereon, for continuing the Turf, Heath, and Stones in their Walks, as they can make whttt they

1 Payment, directing the Surveyor General of the Woods dispose of, for their own Benefit; or, to use their own *"of Forest*

1 Tl* Keepers en- require the Keepers "to observe and follow such1 Expression, to make what Profit they can of the Forest: jped to obey the " Rules, Orders, and Instructions, with respect to the And the Keepers in in which only there is

~ " ' ..... any Timber, instead of thinking it their Duty to obey

the Directions of the Surveyor General, look upon themselves to be only the hired Servants of the Lieutenant.

The next Perquisite allowed by the Lease to the on the perquisites Lieutenant, on which it is necessary to make any of Windfalls, and Observation, is that of "all Manner of Wood blown Boughs A Branches " down by the Wind, and all dead Wood, and the " Boughs and Branches of Trees or Wood cut off or " thrown down."

In order to discover what Interpretation was formerly given to this Clause in the Lease, we have examined the Accounts in the Auditor’s Office, relative to Falls of Timber or Wood in this Forest;

Oidere of the Sur-tejor General.

Appendix, N° 8.

" Preservation' of the Timber, and other His Majesty’s Interests in the said Forest, as he should think " fit to direct and appoint, under Pain (in case Of " Future, Neglect, or Contempt,) of being deprived " of the Benefit of the Allowances." The Warrants of the Lords Justices, and Lords of the Treasury, are given in the Appendix; and a veiy sensible Paper of Remarks on this Grant, which we found among the Papers of the Treasury, so fully explains the Purpose for which the Allowances were made, and the Necessity there was of rendering the Keepers subject to the Orders of the Surveyor General, that we shall here transcribe them, instead of making any Remarks of our own; on that Transaction.

of Trees.

Remark on the " Tbe_Rangership of Holt Forest, now enjoyed by and the first Fall that we find any Mention of is in

..... — ’ " " 1722, the same Year in which the Warrant of the Lord Justices was issued, and those Remarks made upon the Grant to the Lieutenant which we have transcribed; when 400 dotard Oak Trees, with the Barkj Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, were felled and sold; and the whole Produce appears to be accounted for to the Crown.

Another Sale of 405 Trees, was made in 1724; and then also the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, were wholly accounted for to the Crown; and no Allowance or Claim whatever appears to have been made

llotMce for the " Mrs. Howe, was granted for 45 Years, commencing p«pe» Salaries. ,5th December 1699.

" A Fee Farm Rent of 31 /. 2 11 per Annum,

" issuing out of the Manor of Wordteham, is.also "granted to the Ranger, with Intent, as the Grant " expresses it, that the Keepers, which the Ranger has " Power to appoint, might be Annually paid; and " the more to manifest that Ihtent, the Crown, by express Words in the Grant, is exonerated from the " Payment of any Salaries or Wages to Keepers.

" Great Destruction of Timber, Vert, and Venison,

Apptndix, N* 9

" is no* and haA been tliie constant Complaint, as to of any Part of the Produce of either of these Sales. Vol. 45. From

124 24° Februariu . 1790.

Land Revenue From these Documents it would seem that, in those "Port* Times, the Lieutenant was considered to be entitled

' ' only to the Boughs and Branches which are casually

cut off or thrown down from standing Trees, and not from Trees felled by Warrant; and these Examples should have the more Weight, from the Falls having been made at a Time when the Emoluments and Allowances of the Lieutenant had so recently undergone a full Consideration: But we find, from subsequent Accounts in the same Office, that, in the Year 1729, Mrs. Ruperta Hmce claimed a Right to the Boughs and Branches of all Trees felled by Warrant, or to the Value of them; and she at the same Time set up a Claim to the Bark, but on what Pretence does not appear, no Mention being made of the Bark in the Lease. Unsupported, however, as this Claim was, either by the Lease itself, or, in so far as we can discover, by former Usage, it appears to have been admitted by the then Surveyor General, and allowed in his Accounts, by the Auditor, without any Waf-rant that we can find, and perhaps without examining the Lease; for it appears, that, in the same Year, 1170 dotard and decayed Trees were sold by the Surveyor General, with the Bark, Lops, and Tops, for 980/.; and in the Account of that Sale, we find that 140/. (being One Seventh Part of the Produce) was paid to Mrs. Howe, " who (it is added) claims a Right " to the Lop, Top, and ."

This Claim having thus been once admitted, it appears, in one Shape or another, to have been made at every Sale since. In the Accounts of the’next Sales in 1732, and in 1737-8, the Price of the Trees only is accounted for to the Crown, " clear of the " Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the said Trees, " the same being claimed, by Mrs. Ruperta Howe, by " virtue of her Grant of the Office of Ranger of the " said Forest.1’

In the Accounts of the subsequent Sales, from that Time to 1750, the Accountants are charged only with so many Trees, cut down and sold to divers Persons, for the Sums therein mentioned: and no Notice is taken of the Lops, Tops, or Bark; but from the Vouchers of those Accounts preserved in the same Office', it appears, that the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, were taken by the Lieutenant in Kind.

From 1750, when Mr Legge first obtained this Office, to the Year 1756, the Price of the Trees only is accounted for, as before, without mentioning the Lops, Tops, or Bark; but there is a Memorandum in the Vouchers, " that the Lop, Top, and Offal " Wood, were granted to the Honourable Mr. Mordaunt, and his Assigns."

In the Sales from 1756 to 1760, the Price of the Trees and Bark, are accounted for, without taking any Notice of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood; but among the Vouchers of those Accounts, we find Certificates, signed by Kemble then Deputy Sur-

veyor, " that the Timber and Bark were sold by " Auction, for the Sums stated in the Accounts, and " that the Lops and Tops were claimed by, and " delivered to the Right Honourable Henry Bilson Legge, u as Assignee of the Honourable John Mordaunt T The Vouchers for the Account of Sales in 1760 are not to be found; but the Accounts are in the same Terms as those for the Four preceding Years.

In the Accounts of the Sales, from 1760 to 1770, the Price of the Trees, with the Bark, Tops, Lops, and Offal Wood, are accounted for to the Crown; Appendix, N° 10. but in the Year last mentioned, a Memorial was presented to the Treasury by the Countess of Hillsborough, who then held the Office of Lieutenant, representing that she was entitled, by the Grant of that Office, to One Fifth Part of the Produce of all Timber sold there, by the Surveyor General, in lieu of the Top, Lop, and Bark; and by Several Warrants from the Treasury to the Yearly Sum of 130/. for the Keepers

Salaries; that the 130/. a Year had been regularly paid up to 1761, together with One Fifth Part of the Sales for the preceding Year, after which nothing had been paid; that the Wood Sales, since 1761, amounted to 2,291/.; and that One Fifth Part, being 458/. 4 was due to the Memorialist; and praying their Lordships to order the Surveyor General to pay the same.

The Lords of the Treasury referred this Memorial to the Surveyor General of the Woods, directing him to report a true State of the Premises; and that Officer reported, on the 25th of June 1770, " That he " had considered the Memorial, and found, that " during the Years mentioned in it, the several " Quantities of Timber were sold in the Forest, and " for the Sums therein specified; and that a Proportion of One Fifth Part of the said Sums, due (0 " Lady Hillsborough, in lieu of the Tops, Lop, and " Bark of the said Timber, and also the Sum of " 130/. a Year for Keepers Salaries, had not been " paid;" and recommended that Part of the Arrear should be paid out of Monies in his Hands, and the Remainder raised at the next Fall.

In this Report the Surveyor General does not seem to have examined -whether the Lieutenant was entitled to the Allowance claimed by the Memorial: If he had looked into the Lease itself) he would have seen that the Bark was certainly not a Perquisite of the Lieutenant; and that there was not any Expression in it that warranted a Claim to One Fifth Part of the Produce of the Timber sold, in lieu of the Lop, Top, and Bark. If he had inspected the Accounts in the Auditor’s Office, he would have found no Example of, a Fifth Part having ever, before the Appointment of Mr. Legge, been claimed or allowed; and the Payment of that Proportion of the Price of the Trees sold in the Year 1760 is not stated in the Accounts of the Sales, in that Year.

On the 6th July 1770, the Lords of the Treasury, by Letter from their Secretary, directed the Surveyor General to pay the whole Sums claimed in this Memorial, both for the Fifth Part of all the Timber felled in the Forest since the Year 1760, and for the Allowance of 130/. a Year for the Keepers Salaries; and, in future, to pay the growing Salaries as they became due.

The Accounts of Sir Edmund Thomas and Mr. Pitt, the Surveyors General of the Woods, being brought under the Examination of the Auditor, he very properly declined passing them with those Allowances, which then, for the First Time, appeared in the Surveyor’s Accounts, without a Special Warrant. In consequence of this Refusal, a Memorial was presented to the Lords of the Treasury by the Surveyor General, in January 1777, stating the Substance of that presented by the Lieutenant in 1770, with his Report thereon, and the Directions given to him in consequence of it; and that he had ever since conti-uned to pay the Salaries of 130/. a Year, and the Fifth Part of the Produce of all the Timber cut in the Forest; and he prayed their Lordships to issue their Warrant, directing the Auditor to allow those Payments in his Accounts, and also, from Time to Time, the future Payments thereof. And on the 24th March 1777, the Lords of the Treasury issued a Warrant, authorizing the Auditor to make those Allowances accordingly.

The Lords of the Treasury having been induced, by the Means which have been stated, to admit the Claims made by the Lieutenant, a new Circumstance occurred, which brought the Rights of that Officer again under Examination.

Prior to the Year 1777, no Timber had been, cut in this Forest for the Use of the Navy, during the present Century, probably owing to the Trees not having, till about that Time, grown to the necessary Size. A Fall of 300 Loads was then, ordered, by Warrant from the

Appendix, N* 11.

Appendix, N* u»

Appendix, N° 13.

30 Geo. III. 24 Februar 125

the Treasury, for the Use of the Navy, and delivered ' at the usual Price allowed for Oak Timber furnished > to the Dock Yards, from other of the Royal Forests, being i/. 18$. per Load.

.Appendix, N° 14. On this Occasion, a new Memorial was presented to the Treasury by Lady , stating, as before,

" that as Lieutenant she was, by the Grant, entitled " to the Boughs and Branches ot all Trees cut within " the said Forest, which used formerly to be taken by " the Lieutenant; but that Mode was found to be so " injurious to the Sale of the Timber, that for a great " Number of Years past, long before the Memorialist, " or her late Husband Mr. Legge, had the Grant of " that Office, it had been agreed between His Majesty’s then Surveyor General, and the then Lieutenant, that the Whole of the said Timber Trees , " should be sold, and that the Lieutenant should have " One Fifth of the Amount of the Sale, in lieu of " his Right therein, which had been accordingly paid " ever since. That it had been always usual to sell " the Timber by Public Sale, until the last Year, M when the Fall of 300 Loads was ordered for the " Navy. That if that Timber had been put up to " Sale, (instead of being taken for the Use of the " Navy at 11. 18$. per Load) it would have produced "nearly 2,500l., whereas by the Account of the " Deputy Surveyor, the Gross Amount was only " L074/. io$. 9 d.,to which was to be added about " 80/. lor Stack Wood, taken away by the People " of Frensham, under a pretended Right; and out of " which was to be deducted 179/. 19$. for the " Expences of cutting, &c. charged in the Surveyor’s " Account. That if it had been sold publicly, as " usual, and had produced 2,500l., the Memorialist’s Fifth would have been 500l.; that had the Memo* " rialist taken the Offal Wood, it would, by the " Deputy Surveyor’s Account, have amounted to " 382 /., exclusive of the Eighty Pound’s Worth of " Stack Wood, taken away, which would have made " it 462/.; but that if the Memorialist was only to " have One Fifth Part of the Sale, according to the " Accounts of the Deputy Surveyor, it would amount " only to 178/.; and though the Memorialist was willing to take such Sum for her Right as their Lordships should be pleased to order, yet she prayed " that a Warrant then lately issued, for an additional " Fall of 500 Loads for the Navy, might be revoked, and that for the future all the Timber might he sold " by Public Auction, as usual.’’

This Memorial was likewise referred to the Surveyor General, who seems then to have considered the Terms of the Grant with more Attention than he had

Appendix, N° 15, done on the former Reference; and, in his Report thereon, he suggested a Doubt, whether the Clause in the Grant, as to Boughs and Branches, might not be construed to extend only to the Boughs and Branches casually cut off or thrown down, and not to the Branches of all Trees cut for the Use of His Majesty. That it was however necessary to inform their Lordships, that at the Time of his Appointment he understood that the Lieutenant was entitled to the Boughs and Branches of all Timber Trees cut down in the said Forest; and did therefore, as he found his Predecessors had done, agree that the Whole of the Timber cut there should be sold, and that the Lieutenant should be paid One-fifth of the Amount of the Whole, in lieu of the Boughs and Branches; and that all Trees cut in the said Forest to the Year 1776, had been sold by Auction, and One-fifth Part paid to the Lieutenant accordingly; that the Oak Timber lately felled for the Navy had been delivered at the usual Price allowed for the King's Timber in New Forest; and that if the Whole of that Timber had been sold, the Lieutenant would certainly have been entitled to a larger Sum than he thought himself justifiable in paying, without particular Directions from Vol. 45.

their Lordships: And he proposed that, for the fu- Land Revenue ture, the Lops, Tops, and Bark, should be sold by Report.

Auction, and that Two Third Parts of the Net Pro- v — ----- -s/ ——

duce should be paid to the Lieutenant, and the remaining Third for the Use of the Crown, that Proportion being, as nearly as could be competed, the Value of the Bark, to which the Lieutenant had no Right or Claim.

We do not find that any Order was made by the Treasury, in consequence of this Report. It appears, however, that the Lieutenant did not obtain the Allowance of a Fifth Part of the Value of the 300 Loads of Navy Timber felled in 1777, at the Market Price, or any pther Allowance on that Account, but Lord Stawell has not relinquished his Claim to it. And we know that the Warrant issued in 1778, for the Fall of 500 Loads for the Navy was not executed, though strongly recommended by the Surveyor General. '1 his Memorial and Report, which contain various other Particulars concerning the Forest, are inserted at Length in the Appendix. 'I'hey very clearly shew, j |

either that the Memorialist had been grossly misin- an >5’ formed, and that the Surveyor General had admitted the Facts alledged, without due Examination; or that some Agreement, for allowing One-fifth of the Value of the Trees, instead of the Lops and Tops, had been secretly and improperly made between some former Lieutenant and Surveyor, without the Knowledge or Authority of the Treasury; for after a careful Examination of the Books of the Treasury, and those in the Officp of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, relative to Woods and Forests, no Traces can be found of such an Agreement.

Under these Circumstances, we thought it necessary to mention to Lord Stawell our Apprehensions, that Lady Hillsborough might have been misinformed with respect to that supposed Agreement; and to request, that if such an Agreement had been made, we might be informed at what Time it took Place. In Answer to our Enquiry, we received a Letter trom Mr.

Sainsbury, Agent for Lord Staxvell, and who was also Agent for Lady Hillsborough at the Time of preferring that Memorial, in which Letter Mr. Sainsbury states, that he. had been told by a Mr. Ho, who had been Head Keeper in the Forest for upwards of 40 Yeais, that such an Agreement was made many Years before Mr. Legge purchased the Grant; but that he never saw any Agreement; and he has sent Copies of Entries in Mr. Legge's Books, in his own Hand Writing, of Sums received from the Surveyors General for Lop and Top, from 1753 to 1761; but he admits, that it does not thereby appear, that it was in the Proportion of One fifth, though he has no Doubt of its being so. Mr. Sainsburys Letter, and the Account sent

with it, are inserted in the Appendix: And upon the Appendix, N° 16. Whole of this Transaction we must observe, that it does not appear that such an Agreement was ever made, or that the Lords of the Treasury were, ever informed that such a Claim existed, prior to the before-mentioned Memorial and Report in the Year 1770, though, if such an Arrangement had been judged expedient, it was the Duty of the Surveyor General to apply to the Treasury for Permission to agree to it.

A secret Transaction of this Kind, if it had really taken Place, between Two of the Servants of the Crown, One of them entrusted with the general Care of the Timber in all the Royal Forests, and the other with the particular Management -and Protection of this Forest, should not, and we conceive could not, establish a Right for the Advantage of either of them to the Prejudice of the Crown.

But besides this Claim, of One-fifth of the Value of the Trees, another very singular Demand, or rather Request, is made in the Memorial; that in this Forest, maintained by the Public at very considerable Expence, as a Nursery of Timber for the Navy, no

K k more

126 24° Februarii. A. 1790:

Land Revenue more Timber should be cut for the Public Service, Report but that all should be sold by Auction, in order that

' ----- ----- -- the Grantee might receive a greater Advantage from

it, than he would, if it were sent to the Dock Yards at the ordinary Price.

The Execution of the Warrant for the Fall of 500 Loads remained suspended, till January 1783, when on an Application from the Navy Board, a Warrant was issued for supplying that Quantity to the Dock Yards in the following Season; which was done accordingly. Another Fall of 1,000 Loads was afterwards directed, by WTarrant dated 3d December 1783, and, on that Occasion, Lord presented a Me-

Appendix, v° 17. mortal to the Treasury, stating that the People of Frem/utm, under a pretended Right, took away not only the Stack Wood, but almost the Whole of the Tops of the Trees of the preceding Fall; and that those of the Fall then ordered would also be carried off, if the Timber were to be immediately cut; that as he conceived them to be his absolute Property, he was willing to try the Validity of that pretended Right, if the Crown did not choose to do it; and praying that the Execution of the Order might be suspended, until the Right should be determined by a Court of Justice. The Memorial also stated various Abuses, practised in executing the Warrants for former Falls, which we shall hereafter take No-tie4 of.

After a short Suspension this Warrant was carried into Execution, and the Timber delivered to the Dock Yards; and we are informed by Mr. that Lord Staxcell, in the Year 1784, commenced upwards of Forty Actions against the poor People of the adjoining Parishes, for taking away Parts of the Wood; and that they all entered Appearances, but suffered Judgment to go by Default. It appears likewise, Appendix, N° 18. from Papers in our Possession, that the same Question was tried in the Year 1741, and determined against the Claimants.

It is observable that the Warrants for these Two Falls directed that the Lops, Tops, and Bark should be sold for His Majesty’s Use; but the Accounts in the Auditor’s Office state that the Lops and Tops were delivered to Lord Staxcell, " in Lieu and Satisfaction of his Right to One-fifth Part of the Produce on the Sale of the said Timber." And Mr. Briant, the Deputy Surveyor, in his Examination says, Appendix, N° 19. that " the Lops and Tops, and all the Timber of the " last mentioned Fall, unfit for the Navy, was taken " by Lord Statcell, of which he gave Notice to the " Surveyor General."

In February 1788 another Fall of 500 Loads was ordered for the Use of the Navy; but before the Execution of that Warrant, our Enquiries concerning this Forest were begun, and we had judged it necessary to state a Case for the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General upon the Construction of the Grant; we therefore thought it our Duty to propose to the Lords of the Treasury that the felling of that Timber should be suspended, until the Rights of the Grantee should be duly investigated. The Fall was accordingly for some Time delayed; and when the Warrant was afterwards ordered to be carried into Execution, the Surveyor General was directed by the Treasury to sell the Lop, Top, and Offal Wood, by Public Auction, in the Presence of the Officers of the Forest, and of an Agent on the Part of Lord Starvell; and to retain the Produce in his Hands, to await the Decision upon Lord Stawell’s Claim. The Tops of the Trees were accordingly sold, and the Produce paid to the Surveyor General; but the Offal Wood, after "having been made into Faggots, and a Day appointed for the Sale of it, was openly carried off by the People of Frensham, to the Number of 6,365 Faggots, in One Day and Night

Appendix, N° 19. The Account given of this Transaction, upon Oath,

by Mr. Briant, the Surveyor General’s Deputy, is, that he was absent from the Forest on other Business, when the Country People began carrying away the Wood; and that when he returned it was almost all gone; that he detected Two Men loading a Waggon with Part of it, and got a Warrant for apprehending them; but that the Tything Man of where the

Offenders live, has never executed it, though repeatedly pressed to do it, and offered Assistance by him; that on his applying to the Keepers, and enquiring whose Teams had been employed in taking away the Wood, they told him they knew nothing of it; and he could get no Information from them against the Offenders.

This Proceeding of the People of Frensham was the more daring, as the Right claimed by them had been so lately determined; and it is remarkable that Mr. Briant, in his Examination, says, he has observed " That no Attempt is ever made to take the Offal " Wood of Trees felled by Lord StarceU's Order, and " that hardly a Faggot is ever missing."

The Attorney and Solicitor General having given it as their Opinion, upon the Case laid before them by our Direction, " that the Grant, by Letters Patent, " of the Boughs and Branches of Trees and Wood " w'ithin the Forest, cut off ox thrown down, does not " appear to them to comprehend more than tire " Boughs and Branches which may casually be cut or thrown down, from standing Trees, and not from " Trees which have been felled; but that notwithstanding it appears to them that the Words of the " Letters Patent ought to be so construed, nevertheless if it can be shewn that for a great Length of " Time, prior to Lady Hillsborough's First Memorial, " the Boughs and Branches cut off and thrown down " from Timber felled, were taken by the Grantee, " and a Composition given for them, it might establish " the Construction contended for by Lord Staxcell; " we have thought it our Duty to make the fullest Investigation, in order to ascertain what has been the Usage with respect to the Disposal of the Lops and Tops, from the earliest Period for which any Accounts of Timber felled in this Forest can be found, down to the present Time; and to state the Result of our Exa mination thus at large for the Information of those whose Province it is to decide upon this Claim.

In case the Lieutenant should establish a Right to the Boughs and Branches of all Trees felled in the Forest, we apprehend it to be extremely necessary that it should be ascertained what Parts of a Timber Tree are comprehended under that Description: It is well known that, in Navy Timber, some of the most valuable Pieces, as Knees, Crooks, &c. are taken from the Limbs or Branches of Trees; and that other Parts of the Branches frequently contain Timber fit for Carpentry Uses. It sometimes happens also, that Trees apparently fit for the Navy prove unfit for that use, from some Defect not discoverable while they are standing; which Trees nevertheless contain good Building Timber; and large Butts of Trees and other Pieces of Timber are frequently cut off, as unfit for the Navy, but which are very useful for other Purposes: So that if the Lieutenant were allowed to take all that is not fit for the Use of the Navy, as was done on the Fall of 1,000 Loads' in 1784, he would upon every Fall made for the Navy have considerable Quantities of useful Timber, which could not be comprized under the Description of - and

Branches. It is equally necessary that this Point should be settled before any farther Wood Sales are made in this Forest, as few Persons would choose to become Purchasers subject to such a Claim, before it is determined what Parts they would be obliged to leave for the Grantee: To us it seems that the Mean-; ing of the Clause relative to Boughs and Branches could only be, to give such Boughs and Branches as might

a, be

See Extracts from Wood Sale Accounts, from 172a to 1774.

Appendix, N° 9.

Necessity of ascertaining what is comprized tinder Boughs & Branch*.

Remarks on the ’erquisite of House tote and Fire Bote.

Appendix, N* 20.

Appendix, N® at.

Appendix, N° 24.

Remarks concerning the Deer.

Profits of the Lieutenant

Appendix, N#ai.

Disbursements. Appendix, N°25*

be left, after taking out all that could be useful for allowed to take " One Stag and One Buck, in Summer, Lan<1 Revenue House or Ship Building. " and One Hind and, One Doe iq. Winter" for his i Report. j

The next Perquisite granted to the Lieutenant, that own Use; but this Condition of the Grant has been we find it necessary to take Notice of, is that of House completely reversed in Practice; — The Lieutenant re-Bote and Fire Bote, or, in other Words, Timber for tains the Whole in his own Disposal, supplies none Repairs and Fuel Wood. for the Use of the Crown; and the late Lieutenant, a

It appears by the Examination of John Adam, few Years since, refused to deliver a Fee Deer to the Appendix, N* otf. formerly One of the Keepers of Woolmer, now aged Chief Justice in Eyre, or One to the Surveyor General Seventy-six Years, and who was born in the Forest, of the Woods, with which they had been usually supplied and has always lived in or near it, and by that of from this Forest.

Henry White, who has been a Keeper there Thirty-five The Answer of Lord Starved to our Enquiries con- Appendix, N° si.

Years, that the Fuel Wood for the Lodges was for- cerning the Deer, is, " that no Venison Warrants are

merly assigned by the Regarders; and Adams states " served, because there were scare.e any Deer in the

that the Quantity assigned was Twenty Cords for the " Forest when his Father purchased it; and that he

Great Lodge, and Ten for each of the other Lodges. " bought a great many Head of Deer, and stocked

He also says that the Timber for Repairs was marked " it; " and the Head Keeper, William Moore, says,

by the Regarders; and that when any Repairs were he has heard that when Mr. Legge first came to the

required, a Survey was made by the King’s Officers, Forest, there were not more than Seven or Eight Deer

to know what Quantity of Timber was necessary, in The Holt, but that he increased the Stock so much, Appendix, N° 26.

before any was assigned: But at present the Fuel that there were at one Time' near Fifteen hundred;

Wood is taken at the Discretion of the Lieutenant, that since he has been Keeper, the Number has been or his Servants, without View, or Assignment; and the as low as Three hundred, but is now about Eight Quantity is admitted to be from 100 to 140 Cords, hundred. The Number killed Yearly, on an Average for the Great Lodge, and about Sixteen Cords each of the last Ten Years, is stated by him to be about for Goose Green Lodge, and Old Close Lodge; and with Nine Brace of warrantable Bucks, and Five Brace and regard to House Bote, or Timber for Repairs, the a Half of warrantable Does; besides about Two Brace Lieutenant takes it of such Kinds, and in such Quan- and a Half of thin Bucks, and seven Brace and a Half tides, as he pleases, without the View or Assignment of thin Does, which are cut in Quarters, and given to of any Officer of the Crown, and without giving any the neighbouring Farmers.

Account of the Quantity he takes, or* of the Applica- In W there were formerly Red Deer kept, but tion of it. there have not been any for upwards of Thirty Years

We thought it proper, on this Occasion, to enquire past, Part of what remained (according to the Infor- Appendix, N" 20. of Lord Stawell what Quantity of Timber had been mation of John Adams, a former Keeper) having been cut for this Purpose, during the last Ten Years: From removed to Windsor, and the Remainder given by the the Return made to our Enquiry it appears, that no Lieutenant to a Gentleman in the Neighbourhood, regular Account is kept of what is cut; but by a We shall only farther observe, on the Conditions of Remarks on the Computation of the Number of Loads of Timber, the Grant, that under the Allowance to the Lieutenant, t^Lieu-

according to the Quantity of Bark sold, it is stated of separate Pasture within the King’s Lands, for Two tenant, &c. to be 841 Loads ot Oak Timber in the last Eleven Horses for himself or his Deputies, and for One Horse Years, or about Eighty Loads a Year, . for each Forester or Keeper, the Lieutenant, and his

In regard to the Deer, the Lieutenant covenants Predecessors, have for a long Course of Years had with the Crown " that he will preserve and keep the the Possession of all the inclosed Lands of the Crown " Deer, during the Term, and leave them, so pre- within the Forest, being 456 Acres, for their own Use " served and kept, at the End thereof;" and he is and Benefit.

The following Account of the Annual Profits now received by the Lieutenant, is given from

Lord Stawell’s own Statement.

The Great Lodge, Garden, and Pleasure Ground, and Lands within the Pale or Rail, containing about 142 Acres, of the Yearly Value of about

Goose Green Lodge, the House occupied by Keepers; the Lands within the Pale or Rail, containing about 43 Acres, occupied by Lord Stawell -Old Close Lodge, and Lands within the Pale or Rail, containing about 95 Acres, let to Bennett, at the Yearly Rent of Fee Farm Rent out of the Manor of Wordleham, granted by the Patent Allowance of 130/. per Annum, during Pleasure, for Payment of Salaries to Under Keepers, reduced by the Surveyor General’s Poundage to Profits of Windfalls, dead Wood, and Lops and Tops of Trees, Yearly, about got. or loot. ——

£ 464 12 11

The Disbursements paid by the Lieutenant, on Account of the Forest, are stated to be, the Wfages and Salaries of the Under Keepers in Aliceholt,being 135/. 12s. per Annum; and the Expence of repairing the Lodges, and prosecuting Offenders. Lord Stawell has sent us an Account of Sums expended by Lady Hillsborough and himself, in Repairs and Buildings in the Forest, from 1778 to 1788, both inclusive, amounting to 5,673/. 6s. gd.

£ J

100 ——

50 — —

60 ——

3» 2 11

123 10 —

100 ——

Vol. 45.

The

128

24° Februarii.

A. 1790.

Land Revenue Report*

Appendix, N* 16.

The Salaries and Perquisites of the Under Keepers are as follows:

IN ALICEHOLT:

William Moore, Head Keeper, a small Lodge, and Garden, adjoining to the Great Lodge.

Salary, paid by Lord Stawell, for himself and an Assistant - - 89 7 —

Fees from Venison, and Profits of Skins and Shoulders of Deer, on an

Average - - - -27 ——

Yearly Profit from Sale of Browze Wood, cut for the Deer, on an Average - 28 —

£ 118 15

N° 16. N» 27.

William Moore, Junior, Keeper of Goose Green Lodge. Salary, paid by Lord Stawell ——

Henry How, Keeper of Old Close Walk, occupies Part of Goose Green Lodge, and a small Garden; the other Part occupied by Lord Stawell's Game Keeper. Salary, paid by Lord Stawell -

26 5 __

20 ——

N* 28.

N« 22.

IN WOOLMER:

Henry White, Keeper of Borden Lodge ----- -- No Salary.

The Lodge House, and inclosed Lands, containing about 10 Acres of Arable and Meadow, and 9 Acres of rough Pasture, valued by the

Keeper at - - - 4---

Profits from the Sale of Peat, Turf, Heath, and Fern, on an Average of Eight Years past - - - -42127

Horn Silver, on an Average, Yearly - 7 —

£ 46 19 7

N* 29.

J3-

Daniel Annett, Keeper of Linchborough Lodge - - - - No Salary.

The Lodge House, and inclosed Lands, containing about 35 Acres of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture, and 103 Acres of rough Forest Ground, valued by the Keeper at 9/. or 10/. - - - - 10 — —

Profits from Peat, Turf, Heath, Fern, and Stones, on an Average of Four

Years past..... 73 37$

.Horn Silver, on an Average, Yearly - — 11 —

£ 83 »4 71

State of the Fo- In the Reign of James the 1st, and In earlier Times, r*d at *Brmer *e* when the Courts in this Forest were regularly held, n *' and the Crown’s Rights in it duly protected, no bad

Consequence appears to have arisen from granting the Office of Lieutenant in Lease; and the Forest was then well stored with Timber. It appears by a Sur-QuantUyofTim- vey, taken in the Year 1608, that there were at that 1608^ Survey *u Time 13,031 Trees fit for the Navy growing in this 1 See Appendix to Forest, and so many dotard and decayed Trees as 5th Report, N# 31. were computed to contain 23,934 Loads. Another And in 1635. Survey was taken in the Year 1635, in which the Appendix, N#2. Number of the Trees is not specified; but the Timber and Wood were valued at 10,247/. which, considering that the Price of Timber was then only about Ten Shillings per Load, must have comprized a very considerable Quantity. The Underwood and Thorns are included in this Valuation.

The Forest wasted During the Disturbances in the succeeding Reign,

during the Usurpa- we have Reason to believe that the Timber in this U0»(EntryBookE. Forest was almost entirely destroyed*; but after the p. 221, A> i66ij Restoration, though the rigorous Execution of the in Surveyor Gene- Forest Laws was abated, the lessening the Security ral’eOffice of Crown which they afforded to the Timber was amply made _n ’ . up for, by the Attention shewn by the Servants of the

after the PR*stora- Crown in this Department, by Means of which a lion. great Stock of young Timber was speedily nursed up,

and well protected. This appears by the Privy Seal x* 7. and Warrants issued in 1704, for continuing the Allowance for the Under Keepers Salaries, and is con» firmed by the present State of the Timber in the Forest: But from the Reign of Queen Anne, when the Civil List Act had lessened the Influence which Ministers formerly derived from the Power of granting away the Estates of the Crown, and their Attention was withdrawn from this Part of the public Property. the Interest of the Crown, in this Forest has been little regarded; the thinning of the young Trees, Effects of N«j which had grown up during the preceding Forty or p e

Fifty Years, was neglected, so that few of them have had Room to grow to a great Size, and have stood too long in that State to be now capable of Benefit from thinning; the Appointment of Verderors and Re-garders, which till then had been regularly chosen, was discontinued, and none have been appointed for more than Forty Years past; the driving of the Fo- 26. rest, either for clearing it of Cattle dunng the Fence Month and Winter Haining, or preventing the surcharging of the Common, or the Admission of the Cattle of Strangers, is entirely laid aside; and no Courts of Attachment or Swarumote have been held within Memory. None of the Keepers are sworn to do their Duty; the Inhabitants of the neighbouring

Villages

30 Geo. III. 24° Februarii. 129

Villages are suffered to lop and top the Trees, and to 19. dig up the Roots of them as fast as any are felled; 33‘ and the greatest Depredations are committed with Impunity.

It appears from the Survey taken in 1635, as well as from the Claims preferred at the last Justice Seat, and the Proceedings at the Courts of Swanimote, mentioned in the former Part of this Report, that the Timber, Wood, Underwood, and Thoms or Bushes, were the sole Property of the Crown, and that the neighbouring Inhabitants were not then understood or admitted to have any Right whatever in the Forest, except that of Pasture, under the Restrictions there mentioned; but, early in the present Century, the Abuses had risen to a great Height, and in the Reign of the UKightUto^cut Queen Annt, an Information was filed by Sir Edward, Bushes. Northey, Attorney General, against one John Hammond, the Owner of a small Estate in Kingsley, within the Bounds of the Forest, for cutting and taking away Bushes to repair his Fences; and a Bill was also filed against him in the Exchequer, for the same Offence. The Defendant justified the cutting of Bushes for Repairs of his Hedges and Fences, claiming it as a Right appurtenant to his Estate; and the Cause was tried at Winchester, at the Lent Assizes in 1713, -when Hammond v 5°^ bjr obtained a Verdict on the Information, and in

eCre* mas Term following a Decree in the Exchequer, esta-/ Wishing the Right claimed, by him. We have looked

into that Decree, and the Depositions of the Witnesses; and it does not appear to us that either the Claims preferred at the Justice Seat, in which no Right to cut Bushes was pretended, or the Proceedings at the Swanimote Courts, in which the cutting of Bushes was

punished as an Offence against the Rights of the Crown, LaDd Reventf<? or the Survey in 1635, in which the Bushes were Report.

comprised, and valued as the Property of the Crown, - ——

were adverted to on that Occasion; and though a Right so acquired, and so long exercised, is now unquestionably established, we shall venture to observe, that the Proceedings in that Suit afford the strongest Reason to believe that the Practice of cutting Bushes took its Rise from the improper Indulgence allowed by former Keepers to the Occupiers of Lands adjacent to the Forest, to cut them for outside Fences, to keep out the Deer. The Witnesses on both Sides, who were questioned concerning the State of the Forest, all concurred in saying that there was a great Quantity of young Timber then growing in it, of 30, 40, and 50 Years old, which they believed could not have been raised there without the Protection of the Bushes; and that there could not have been a sufficient Quantity of Bushes left, to nurse up such a Stock of young Timber, if the Inhabitants had formerly had the Liberty of cutting them, in the Manner then claimed.

The present Condition of the Forest is a melancholy Effects of that Proof of the Truth of that Declaration, and of the Decision.

Effects which have ensued from that Decision; for the State of the Forest is now so changed in that Respect, that there are hardly any Bushes, and very few young Trees remaining.

On a Survey of the Timber in this Forest, taken by survey of the Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1783, Timber in 1783. the Oak Timber growing the re was found to be as follows:

Number of Trees. QUALITY. Number of Loads Girt Measure.

9,894 Trees of 30 Feet and upwards, fit for the Navy 7.214

7,762 Growing Trees, of 3 to 30 Feet ----- - 2,005

20,493 Scrubbed and unthrifty Trees - 5,758

770 Dotard or defective Trees ----- --- 165

38,919 15,142

and 6,119 Saplings, of 1 and 2 Feet each; besides Beech, Ash, and Elm Timber; the Particulars of all which are given in an Abstract of that Survey in the Appendix, N" 30, Appendix, together with a Computation of the Value 31* 3*- of the Timber and Trees in each Class, amounting in

Appendix, N° 19. the Whole to 50,399 I. 13 9 Mr. Briant, the

Woodward and Deputy Surveyor, by whom that Survey was taken, is of Opinion that the Quantity of the Timber fit for the Navy, deducting what has been felled, and allowing for the Increase in Growth since that Time, is now about 1,100 Loads less than when that Survey was taken; which reduces the Amount of his Valuation to 45,862/. 8 s. 9 d.;and both he and the Purveyor of N# *<» Portsmouth Dock Yard, who viewed the Forest at our Desire, are of Opinion that most of the Trees are The Trees all nearly-of the same Age, being from 100 to 120 Years; nearly of the same which also agrees with the Opinion of the Surveyor AKe- employed by us, and with our own Observations on

viewing the Forest, as well as with the Evidence on the Trial in 1713; and is a clear Proof that the present Stock of Timber may be almost wholly attributed to

that Care and Attention which was bestowed on it, from the Restoration to the End of the last Century, and for a few Years afterwards. The small Number of T^eb^r |lttle younS Saplings, compared with the Number of Grown Trees, 1 er ’ shews how little young Timber has been suffered to And no Prospect get up for many Years past: And it is the Opinion of of any more coming every. Person acquainted with the Forest, whom we "P* have conversed with respecting it, that unless some Regulations shall take Place, and some other Means be provided for raising young Timber,. for which the Bushes were formerly sufficient, no farther Succession of Trees can come up; and, consequently, that the present Stock of Timber is the last that the Forest can ever produce.

Among the Effects of that Inattention to the Incroachments on Rights of the Crown in this Forest which has pre- Woolmer. vailed for several Years past, may be mentioned the Incroachments or Claims made by the Lords of adjoining Manors, to Parts of the Soil of Woolmer.

The most material of these is a Claim of the Lord of the Manor of Mill Land,- to about 220 Acres of the

Note. — The Number of Loads here mentioned is little, more than One Third, of the Number stated in the Account of the Timber in this Forest, laid before the House of Commons by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General, in 1783, abstracted from the same. Survey; The Difference arises partly from the Quantities in that Account being stated in Square Measure, which gives the Number of Loads One Third more than in Girt Measure; (Two Loads of Timber Measure being equal to Three Loads Squart) but was principally occasioned by an Error of the Person employed to make that Abstract, who appears to have taken the Timber in Holt Forest twice into the Account, as is explained more fully in an Abstract taken from the original Survey, and inserted in the Appendix, No. 3t.

Vo l. 45. L 1 Waste,

130

24° Febru.

A. 1790.

N*20.

K* 29*

Waste, called Oak Hill, or Holly Hill, in Linchborough Forest, admits of unlimited Abuse; and very great Walk. This Land appears to lie within the Bounds Irregularities appear to have prevailed in it. On of the Forest; and the before-named John Adams says, the Falls of Timber for the Navy the Deputy Sur-that his Father and himself, when Keepers, always veyor says that sometimes a Purveyor of the Navy

cut Turf and Heath, and dug Stones there, for Sale, has attended the marking of the Trees, and sometimes

as in other Parts of their Walk, and in particular not; that he has commonly applied to a Justice of the that he sold Stones from thence to Sir Thomas Ridge, Peace to be present, but no one ever attended until a former Proprietor of this Manor; but that Mr. the Fall made last Year; and that no Purveyor was Richardson, a late Owner of it, took upon himself to then present, though required by the Warrant: The cut Timber, and prevent the Keepers from cutting Officers of the Dock Yard have, consequently, no Turf, &c. on that Land, as formerly; and Mr, regular Account of the Number of Trees felled, to

Utterson, the present Owner, has put his Mark upon enable them to check the Delivery of the Timber,

the Trees now growing the re, since they were surveyed Upon the First Fall for the Navy, in 1777, a greater and marked as belonging to the Crown. This Claim Quantity was cut than was authorized by the War-

rant, and upwards of Forty Loads of it were delivered to one Henry Mills, a Contractor with the Navy Board, for his own Use, at the same low Price at which the Forest Timber is delivered for the Navy, being little more than Half of the real Value; and on

is of the more Importance, as the Land in Question is almost the only Spot in Woolmer where any Timber is growing, and is, perhaps^ the best adapted for an Inclosure for the Growth of Oak; and we cannot avoid giving it as our Opinion, that an Incroachment of this Kind ought speedily to be resisted, while the Second Fall, in 1783, the same Henry Mills took ( Persons are living who remember the Acts of Owner- upon himself to mark 180 Trees for felling more

ship on the Part of the Crown, which we have men- than the Deputy Surveyor judged sufficient to make

tioned, and whose Evidence may be necessary, in up the Quantity then ordered to be cut; but on a addition to what arises from the Perambulation, or Representation of those Proceedings to the Treasury, other Records, in order to prevent the Parties from by the Lieutenant, the felling of the last mentioned acquiring a Title to the Land, by long uninterrupted Trees was prevented, and Mills was compelled to pay. Possession. The Claim of the Lord of the Manor of the Market Price for those First delivered to him. Oakhanger, or Chapel Manor, seems to us to be of The Mode of conducting the Wood Sales, for Pay-little Importance, the Keeper, who is the Officer of ment of the Salaries of the Under Keepers, is equally the Crown, being in the constant Exercise of the Right loose and uncontrouled: The Number of Trees to be of cutting Turf on that Land for Sale, as in other taken down for that Purpose, and the felling and Parts of his Walk. Sale of them, is wholly left to the Discretion and

Surveyor General The only Officers who have any Concern or Inter- Management of the Deputy Surveyor, under a general

of the Woods, and ference in the Management of this Forest, besides the Order for paying those Salaries out of Wood Sales,

Woodward,orDe- Lieutenant and the Under Keepers, are the Surveyor and without the Interference of any other Officer; the

puty Surveyor. General of the Woods, and the Woodward or Deputy Produce of the Sales is paid into his Hands; he is

Surveyor, whose chief Business seems to have consisted frequently a Purchaser of the Forest Timber himself*; in making Wood Sales, for Payment of the Annual and his Certificate is accepted as the Voucher for the Allowance for the Keepers Wages, and in executing Account.

Warrants for Falls of Timber for the Navy. The Deputy It is obvious that a System like this affords no K« 19. Surveyor describes it to be a Part of his Duty to Check on the Quantity or Value of the Timber that endeavour to protect the Wood and Timber, and that may be cut in the Forests, nor ajny Security that the when he detects any Offenders he endeavours to get Whole of what is felled for the Navy, or for Sale,

them punished; but as he lives out of the Forest, and shall be delivered at the Dock Yardvor duly brought

must depend chiefly on the Under Keepers for Inform- ~ ~

ation, it is obvious that the Forest can receive no effectual Protection from his Superintendance.

The Emoluments of the Surveyor General, arising

to Account: But the Whole depends on the Personal Integrity or Care of the single Officer to whom it is entrusted; and who in this Forest appears to have sometimes acted in the various Capacities of Seller, the Surveyor Ge- from this Forest, are nearly the same as we have stated Boyer, and Accountant; though not to the same cul-

Emoluments of

aeral.

to have been received by that Officer from other Forests; viz.

20 s. per Day (Sundays excepted) for Attendance and travelling Expences in the Execution of Warrants, or other Service, in that Forest; and

5 per Cent, on all Monies received by him, whether arising from the Forest or from other Funds, to be expended there; which Payments are allowed by the Auditor, in stating and passing his Accounts. Also

5 per Cent, retained by. him on the Payment or Expenditure of those Monies; and

Average Produce

pable Extent, or in a Manner so hurtful to the Public, as we found practised by the Deputy Surveyor in Dean Forest.

It was necessary for us to examine the Accounts of _________________

the Surveyors General, in order to ascertain the Yearly and* Expence~"of Produce and Expence of this Forest. In our Reports this Forest, on Dean and New Forests, where the Falls of Timber are more frequent and regular, and where, consequently, a fair Judgment may be formed of the Annual Produce, from an Average of a less Number of Years, we thought it sufficient to give a Statement of the Produce and Expenditure in each, from the

Emoluments of the Woodward.

19.

v, . , 4. r *u r» j ruri Commencement of His Majesty’s Reign to the End of

5 «r Ce»(. retamed out of the Produce of Wood Ye>r 86 tat h p^ *here „ere

S.V, m th. ..... nearly 1,800 Loads of Timber felled for the Navy

between the Years 1776 and 1784, and none for a Century before, and where, at former Periods, considerable Sums were laid out, which were drawn from other Funds, a View of the Income and Outgoings

The Woodward, or Deputy Surveyor, states his Salary to be 30/. per Annum, and that he receives no Fees or other Emoluments whatever. — That.

Salary is paid to him by the Surveyor General; but is repaid out of the Produce of the Timber felled in this for a few Years past would by no Means convey a Forest. just Idea of the General Produce or Charge of the

Remarks on the The Manner in which the Business in the Depart- Forest: We have therefore thought it right to give Two,

the BusineMof the ment Surveyor General is conducted in this Statements, one for the same Period as in the other

Surveyor General

of the Woods. Not*, Kemble Whatley the late, and Robert BricaU the preseat. Deputy Surveyor, are frequently mentioned by Name, in the

Accounts of the Surveyor General, as Purchasers of the Forest Timber.

Forests,

30 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

131

Forests, viz. from 1761 to 1786, and the other from the By the Act 35th Henry VIII. it is provided, 35Hen. VIII.C.i7.

Beginning of the present Century, down to the same Persons who have Woods, wherein others have Com-Appfndix, N° 35- Time. . From the First it appears that the Amount mon of Pasture, shall not fell the same, until One-of the Wood Sales, with the Price of the Timber fourth Part of such Woods shall be set out and di-felled for the Navy, from 1761 to 1786, was vided Uy the Lord, with the Assent of the Com-8,321/. 14* 7 d- and that the Salaries and Perquisites moners; and if they do not assent to such Division, that to Officers, Expences of felling the Timber, and other Two Justices of the Peace shall call before them the A«rage Profit incidental Chaises, amounted to 6,909/. 2 s. 6d. Lord and the Commoners, and proceed to the se-er Ann^1’ the c^ear Produce during those 26 Years being vering and dividing the same; and within Three Months er nD' 1,412/. 12 s. or, One Year with another, about 54/. next alter such Division, the Owners of the same

Appendix, N°3fi. per Annum. The other Statement, (which comprizes Woods shall inclose the same; and the Compensation

the Articles in the former) shews the Produce of made to the Commoners, for excluding their Cattle

Wood Sales and Navy Timber, from 1700 to from the Part inclosed, is, that they are to have 1786, to have been 15,414/. 19#. 3 d. and the Right to send their Cattle into the Residue, and that Amount of Salaries, Allowances, and other Charges, the Lord is excluded from putting his Cattle therein;

24,089/. 10 j. 1 od.;so that, instead of producing but after the Inclosures are thrown open, the Lord is any clear Revenae, during the present Century, this allowed to send his Cattle again into the said Loss daring the Forest has occasioned a Loss to the Public of Residue.

leant Century, 8,674/- U4. 7 d. that Sum having been expended The Act of 29th II. confirms the Acts be- j9 Geo. JI.Cap3/>.

,674/. 11*. 7 . Upon Over anc} above the Value of all that it has fore mentioned; and farther provides, that the King, produced. and all other Owners of Wastes, Woods, and Pas-

tures, wherein there is Right of Common, may, with

—— the Assent of the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of Tenements to which

Recapitulation.

IN the preceding Part of this Report, we have such Right of common belongs, inclose and keep in endeavoured to shew what Rights were possessed in Severalty, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber this Forest by the neighbouring Inhabitants during or Underwood, any Part of such Wastes, Woods and the last Century, the additional Privilege they have Pastures, upon such Conditions as shall be agreed by since acquired in consequence of the Decision in them.

These Acts, which relate only to Common Wastes, Reasons more ur-

and Woodlands, sufficiently shew the desire of Par- for the Im-liament to remove the Obstacles to Improvement; j^ta^tlTiw^other but the Reasons for the Interposition of the Legisla- Waste Lands, ture, in order to separate those mixed Rights in the

Vode of improv-

1713, the Incroachments which have been made on the Forest, and the Abases which have been suffered to prevail,

We have stated the Terms of the Grant of the Office of Lieutenant, and the Doubts which have arisen upon the Construction of some of the Clauses Royal Forests, are much more urgent than in other in it; Mid have explained the Liberties which have Property; for in ordinary Cases of Commons and been taken, and the Advantages now enjoyed by the Waste Lands, the Evil is confined to the Waste it-Grantee. self; but in the Royal Forests it extends much far-

We have also stated the estimated Value of the Fo- ther, there being in most of them, and in that One in rest Land, as well as of the present Stock of Timber; particular which is described in this Report, a great and have shewn that there are very few young Trees Extent of private Property within the Perainbula-now growing the re, and very little Prospect that any tion, already inclosed and improved, which is subject more can get up under the present Management, to " the Charge and Burthen of the Forest Laws;" hardly any Bushes being left to protect them; and and at the same Time that the Rights of Common that the valuable Interest which the Crown has in which those Estates have in the Part belonging to the this Forest is in danger of being sacrificed to that of the Crown obstruct the Growth of Timber, the Restraints Commoners, while their own Estates will be benefited which the Crown is empowered, by the Forest Laws, very little; and that the great Object to- the Public, of to impose on the Use of private Property within the providing a Supply of Timber from thence for the Navy, Perambulation, must be disagreeable to the Proprie-will be completely lost, unless some effectual Remedy tors of those Estates; and the Right to increase the shall be speedily applied. „ Stock of Deer to any Number, without Limitation,

It remains for us to point out what course we think,

puts it in the Power of the Crown to render the Pasture of the Forest of little or no Value to the Commoners, and subjects their Property to greater Injury, from the Incursions of the Deer, which must become' more frequent, and more detrimental, in Proportion as

under the Circumstances which we have mentioned, should ndw be taken to render this Part of the Public Property of the greatest immediate Advantage and future Value.

It is obviously repugnant to every Idea of Justice the Number is increased; for which Injury the Com-and good Policy, that the Rights of one Party in any moners have not at present any Remedy, no Person Joint Property should be sacrificed to those of an- having a Right to kill the Deer within the Perambula-other, and the Improvement of the Property at the tion, without having a Grant of Free Hay, or some same Time prevented; and the Legislature has, by special Privilege.

Acts for the Ira- various Acts of Parliament; passed in antient as well It appears that the Rights of Common which private wwntofWtote M in modem times, wisely interposed its Authority, in Estates within the Perambulation of a Forest had in the I lnmasT of °rt^er to enable the Lords and Owners of the Soil of Lands of the Crown, were formerly considered as no iber. Wastes and Woodlands, in which there are Rights of more than a fair Compensation for the Forest Rights Common, to inclose and improve a reasonable Propor- which the Crown had over those Estates; and aceord-tioa of them. ingly, when Lands were disafforested, as they were there-

fitn.III.Cap.4. By the Acts of 20th Henry III. and 13th Edwardi. by freed from the Charge and Burthen of the Forest ifdw.i.Cap.46. the Lords of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, are em- Laws, and the Haunt of the King’s Deer, they were at 33 Edw. I.

powered to improve and make Inclosures, " notwith- the same Time deprived of their Right of Common in the Manwood, p. 83, "standing the Contradiction of those having Right Forest; but if the same Lands were afterwards re-affo- 84, and 99.

" of Common therein, leaving so much Pasture as rested, they became restored to that Right.

" sofficeth to their Tenements; and in case of Com- Towards the End of the last Century; Two Acts Actsforlmproveplaint, that sufficient Pasture has not been left, that were passed, for the Increase and Preservation of Tim- ent Dean and "Matter is to be- enquired into, and determined by ber in Dean and New Forests; which furnish Precedents Qo*Chx ILCap. 3. " " for the Interposition of Parliament in the Improvement 9 & 10 W. IIL

Assize.’

Vo l, 45.

of Cap 36.

132 24° Februarii. A. 1790.

The Case of Dean of other Forests. Of these the Case of Fo-

Forest analogoas to reSf js m0S{ analogous to that of Aliceholt and the present. rir , °

v Woolmer.

Commons Jour- Within the Perambulation of Dean Forest there were nals, Vol. ix. p. 45 considerable Estates which had Right of Common of *8' Pasture and Pannage, and claimed Estovers in the King’s

Waste: There were no Deer in the Forest at the Time of passing the Act; but the Crown had a Right to keep Deer, as in other Forests, without Limitation: The private Estates were subject to the Forest Laws, and to the ' Range of the Deer.

The King’s Waste contained about 23,000 Acres; and after the fullest Discussion in Parliament, the Act which we have refereed to was passed, by which the Crown was empowered to inclose it,000 Acres, being nearly One Half of the Waste of the Forest, freed from all Manner of Right, Title, or Pretence whatever; with Power to make new Inclosures in the Residue, on throwing open an equal Quantity of the Land first inclosed. All Claim to Estovers was given up; and all Trees and Wood growing, or to grow, on the whole 23,000 Acres, were declared to be the Property of the Crown: The Right to Common of Pasture, which formerly extended over all the Forest, was confined to the Part left uninclesedK and the Right of the Crown to keep Deer without Stint, was limited to Eight hundred in the open Part of the Forest; " and to the End that some Recompence might be " made to those Persons whose Right of Common, " within the Inclosures, was taken from them, for " the necessary Preservation of the Timber," their Estates within the Perambulation were freed and exonerated from the Range of the Deer, and from those Restrictions on the Use of their Property which the Forest Laws imposed.

An Act propoted The Account which we have given of the Rights for this Forest simi- of the Crown, and of the private Proprietors, and Forest! dt neighbouring Inhabitants in Aliceholt and,

will be found so similar to those in Dean Forest, the Rights in the latter were so deliberately considered, when the Act for its Improvement was passed, and the Effects which resulted from that Act were so beneficial to the Crown as well as to the Country, that we are induced humbly to propose that a similar Act should now be passed for the Improvement of this Forest; with this Difference only, that in order that a greater Proportion may be set apart for the Growth of Timber, no Deer whatever should be kept on any Part of this Forest; and as the neighbouring Inhabitants have acquired a Right to cut Bushes in the Forest, that when the Trees in the Inclosures shall be past Danger from Cattle, and it shall be judged proper to lay open a Part, on inclosing an equal Quantity of the Residue, they shall then be entitled to cut Bushes in the Parts so laid open.

In forming a Plan for the Improvement of Forest, where the Claims are so numerous and the Rights of the Crown over the different private Estates within the Perambulation so various, and where there would probably be a Necessity for the Examination of many Witnesses, to ascertain the Rights of Parties, preparatory to a Settlement with them, it appeared to us to be proper to recommend the Appointment of Commissioners for making those necessary Investigations, and to treat with the Claimants for bringing about the Settlement there proposed: But the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer being much less extensive, the Claims on it less numerous, and the Rights which the Crown has over the different private Estates less various; the Case of Dean Forest being also so similar and the Act for the Improvement of that Forest affording so good a Precedent, we have not supposed that the Appointment of Commissioners would be found essentially necessary in this Instance, previous to the passing of an Act, but that any farther Information that might be deemed requisite, for enabling Parliament to determine on the Propriety of the Measures to be adopted, and the exact Proportion of this Forest which should be inclosed for the Cultivation of Timber, might be obtained during the Progress of a Bill, as was done in the Two Instances of Dean and New Forests.

If, however, the Mode of Settlement by Commissioners should be thought more proper or expedient, we would, in that Case, humbly propose that Powers should be given to the Commissioners, similar to what we have recommended in our Report on New Forest; and that they should be instructed and empowered, either to make such an Arrangement and Settlement as we have proposed in this Report, or to purchase the just Claims on the Forest, giving to the Claimants the Price or Value of them, either in Money, or in an adequate Share of Land; so as to effect an entire Separation of Rights, and Division of the Soil; and such a complete Divi- Oran entireDi.l sion would be by far the most likely Means to prevent future Intrusion, or Waste, and to raise the Property, 1

whether in Wood or in Tillage, to the highest State of Improvement.

After a Settlement shall be made between the Crown Proposed Mod* and those having Rights of Common, a similar System of future Manage-of Management to that which we have proposed in our ment*

Report on New Forest should take place here, proportioning the Number of Officers to the Extent, and other Circumstances; and as the Trees, in general, at present A general Sale growing in this Forest, are found to he past Improve- of the Timber, ment, and suffer daily from the Depredations of the neighbouring Inhabitants, we are of Opinion that the Timber should be cut, and disposed of, in Annual public Sales, in such Quantities as may be brought to Market, without depressing the Price, reserving only such Trees Reaming onljj as are in the most thriving State, or may be proper to »l»riving Trees; i be left to drop their Acorns, and render the future Sue- I

cession more certain; and such likewise as should be "dbe [e7te'forP$^ left for Ornament, among which we cannot avoid par- or Ornament.: ticularly mentioning one antient and decayed Tree, called The Grindstone Oak, which being one of the largest Trees in England, measuring about 34 Feet and a Half in Circumference, at Five Feet from the Ground, and computed to contain 27 Loads of Timber, is a Proof what this Forest is capable of producing, if properly taken Care of.

The alarming Decrease of Oak Timber in this Kingdom, still confirmed to us on every Enquiry, and the grow ing Demand for private Shipping, as well as for the Navy, call for the Improvement of the Forests; and our Duty requires that we should suggest Plans and Regulations conducive to that End, though they may lessen the Advantages and Emoluments of those employed under the present System of Management: But it would, perhaps, be hard on those who may have been led, by the former Practice of Government, to consider their Residence in the Forests as permanent, and would not, in our Opinion, be consistent with the Dignity of the Crown, to strip away all Trees that are conducive only to Ornament, and reckon the Beauty of the Forests as not deserving of any Care.

Previous to the proposed Sale of Timber, the Forest propo*ed Mod should be divided into so many Parts, as that each of telling the Tin Division shall contain no more than may be sold in *>"

One Year; and each Part should be fenced in as soon as the Trees are removed, until the Whole of the Ground set apart for Inclosure shall be inclosed.

The Deputy Surveyor, and the Purveyor of Portsmouth Yard, are of Opinion, that the whole of the Timber may be sold in Eight or Ten Years, without bringing down the Price; and they think that it would be the most advantageous Way of disposing of it, to sell the Navy Timber along with the rest. In that Case, such as is fit for the Navy may be secured for the Dock Yards, by making it a Condition, at the Sale, that the Navy Board shall have the Liberty of taking it at the usual Prices given to Contractors for Naval Timber delivered at the Dock Yards under similar Circumstances:

This

Advantages of improving this Forest.

To the Public-

Appendix, N° 37.

To those having Rights of Common on the Forest.

Proposed Compensation to the Lieutenant.

30 Geo. III. . 24° Febr i35

This Mode would dot only preserve the proper Timber for the Navy, but by making the Purchaser sure of the best Price for those Kinds, prevent the Value of the rest from being depreciated, by any Suggestion of the Timber to be sold being only the Refuse of the Forest.

If either of the Plans we have suggested for the Improvement of this Forest shall take Place, we are satisfied that the whole Property will be rendered more valuable, and that the Crown and the Commoners will receive mutual Advantage from the Change.

The Public will, in the first Place, receive, probably, from Forty to Fifty thousand Pounds for the Timber growing the re; and the Part of the Forest allotted for Inclosure will, in Time, become a valuable Nursery of Timber, the Soil of Aliceholt being very fit lor the Growth of Oak, and that of for the Larch and Fir Trees, of which latter Sort there are some small Plantations, made for Ornament, about 25 Years since, which are now in a very thriving State: And the whole Expence of Carriage to the Dock Yards in the River does not exceed,) /. 8$. per Load. And we the more willingly recommend this Plan, because it would furnish an ample Fund, derived from the Forest itself, for the Improvement hot only of this Forest, but also of Dean and New Forests.

The Rights of the Commoners will also become more valuable: The Pasture for their Cattle in The Holt, which is at present of small Value, after the Feeding of the Deer (upwards of 1,900 Acres of the Lands being covered with Wood, and less than 500 Acres open Pasture) will be worth much more to them when the Deer and Timber are removed. The private Property will be freed from the Injuries to which it is now liable from the Deer, and which would be very much increased, if Government should again stock Woolmer with Red Deer, in case it snail not be disafforested; and the making of Inclosures for the Growth of Timber will be the Means of raising Bushes, of which there are hardly any at present in the Forest, and which those who have obtained the Right, will have the Liberty of cutting, for repairing their Fences, when the Inclosure shall be laid open. If the more complete Division before suggested shall take Place, the Commoners will obtain a Share of the Soil, instead of their former Rights, and will, in that Case, reap the Benefits which are commonly derived from the Inclosure and Improvement of Wastes.

We have fully stated what Rights are granted to the Lieutenant by his Lease. The Privilege which we apprehend would be chiefly affected by the Adoption of either of the Plans we have suggested, is that which relates to the Deer: By the Terms of the Grant, the Lieutenant is allowed to take One of each Kind Yearly for his own Use: The Perquisite of a Stag and a Hind ceased, of course, on the Removal of the Red Deer, about Thirty Years ago; and we should apprehend that there must be the same Right to remove the Fallow Deer from Aliceholt, as there was to remove the Red Deer from Woolmer. How far the discontinuing to serve Venison for the Use of His Majesty, or any of His Officers, may constitute an Exemption, or vest the entire Property or Disposal of the Deer in the Lieutenant, contrary to the express Terms of his Grant, is not for us to decide; but however unwise it may have been in Government to make such a Grant, the Rights and Advantages conferred by it must undoubtedly be continued to the Grantee during the Term of his present Lease, unless he shall be disposed to sell it to Government, at a fair Price; or a full Compensation must be given for such of them as he may be deprived of, by the Execution of any Plan for the Improvement of the Forest. This last may perhaps be done by renewing Vol. 45.

the Grant of the Office of Lieutenant, with the Great Lodge, and inclosed Lands round it, on beneficial T erms, but without any of the Conditions which have v-been found prejudicial to the Forest, or that may be liable to Misinterpretation; but it cannot reasonably be desired that a System of Management which is found by Experience to defeat the public Object of raising Timber for the Supply of the Navy, and which is likely to render the Property itself of no Value to the Crown, should be longer continued, if substantial Justice does not require it, and we must give it as our clear and decided Opinion, that no Renewal of the Lease should be granted on the present Conditions, and that none of those Advantages which are hurtful to the Timber, should on any Account be suffered to continue.

In the mean Time, and until the Alteration in Management shall take place, the Annuity of 130/. allowed by Government, during Pleasure, in order to be paid over to the Keepers, for their better Encouragement in protecting the Timber, should (if it shall be his Majesty’s Pleasure to continue it) be paid in such a Manner as to make them subject to the Orders of the Surveyor General of the Woods; and if they shall not be found effectually to protect the Timber, that Annuity should be paid to others, to be hired for that sole Purpose; a Regulation which we judge to be the more necessary, as we are informed that the Abuses of lopping and topping the Trees have already been increased since we viewed the Forest, and because it is probable that those accustomed to commit such Offences will become still more daring and desperate, when they hear of a Proposal to cut the Timber, by which their Profits must cease.

We cannot close this Report without observing, that though this Grant, which has had Effects so prejudicial to the Estate of the Crown, is not a Grant of the Forest, but of an Office to which Duties are annexed, as well as Emoluments, and those Duties have been neglected, while the Emoluments have been increased; yet it ought to be considered that these are the Consequences of the total Relaxation which has so long prevailed in this Department, and the Blame is less to be imputed to the Grantee, than to the System of Management, which affording no effectual Check on those entrusted with, the Care of any Forest, naturally leads to such Abuses.

Under an Office for the Management of the Landed Estates of the Crown, properly constituted, and keeping regular Entries, or Registers, of every Grant, Warrant, or Proceeding, relative to any Part of the Property, Incroachments on the Crown’s Rights would be so easily detected, that they could not long prevail. Without such Guides, it is neither an easy nor a pleasant Part of our Duty to discover what the Crown really intended to grant, or to reserve, and to trace the Steps by which Advantages have been acquired by Individuals, or the Crown deprived of any Part of its Rights.

One of the worst Effects of this Relaxation in the Government is, that the Grantees of Offices, being left so long in the undisturbed Possession of the Profits of what has been entrusted to their Care, are gradually led to look upon the Property itself as their own. To attempt a Reform in the Management, — to revive the Rights of the Crown, — and to endeavour to put a Stop to Emoluments, which, though inconsistent with the Public Interest, have been long enjoyed, may possibly now have the Appearance of Hardship; and where the Abuses have not originated, or been increased, during the Time of the immediate Possessor, perhaps it may be judged proper to give some Recompence for the Loss of Advantages, which, though at first improperly taken, have received a Kind of Sanction from the Inattention

M m or

Land Revenue Report.

____________j

134 24° Februarii. A. 1790.

Land Revenue

Report.

or Forbearance of Government: But whether there should be any such Compensation given in the present Instance, beyond what may be fairly claimed in Return for any of those Emoluments which may be given up during the Term of the subsisting Lease, or what that Compensation onght to be, is not for our Consideration, and must be left to the Wisdom of the Legislature to determine: Our Duty requires only that we should state the Circumstances distinctly, in order that the Means of judging may not be wanting; and that we should suggest such Plans of Improvement, and better Management, of this Part of the Public Property, as we think the most likely to increase the Supply of Timber, so much wanted for the Royal Navy.

If either of the Plans we have suggested for this Forest shall meet with the Approbation of the Legislature, we are of Opinion that an Act should be passed for carrying it into Execution, before the Timber should be felled, lest, by rendering the Pasture more valuable, the Commoners should become more unwilling to agree to the Arrangement proposed and as the present State of the Timber is such that the greatest Part of it must diminish in Value the kmgcr

it continues standing, and no Succession of young Trees can come up, we humbly submit, that in our Opinion the Public Interest requires that the Plan which shall be adopted for the Improvement of thie Forest should be carried into Execution as soon as the Claims of the Lieutenant shall be duly ascertained, or his Lease purchased, and such a Change shall take Place in the System of Management of the Royal Forests, as that the Officers to be employed shall receive adequate Salaries for their Services, free from Deduction, and without any Perquisite, in Lieu of the present numerous and irregular Fees, Poundages, and Emoluments, by which the Produce to the Public, of the proposed Sale of the Timber, would be much impaired.

Cha> (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, ,(L. S.)

Scotland Yard, John Fordyce, (L. S.)

8th February 1790.

APPENDIX.

30 Geo. Ill

24° FebruariL

135

APPENDIX.

Number Page Land

1. Perambulation of the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, 28th Edwd I. - - 136 Revenue

2. Perambulation of the said Forest, nth Charles 1st (1635) and Survey of the Timber , ReP°rt*

there - - - 137

3. Abstract of a Survey of the Crown Lands in the said Forest, 1787 - 140

4. Extract from the Roll of the Court of Swanimote for the said Forest, nth Charles 1st 146

5. Lists of the Grants of the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest, from 45th

Elizabeth to the Year 1790 - - 147

6. Copy of a Grant of the said Office to Trustees for Lord Stawell, dated 23d March

1780 .....147

7. Letters of Privy Seal and Warrant issued in 1704, for allowing 130/. per Annum for

Wages of Five Under Keepers of the said Forest ----- - 149

8. Warrants of the Lords Justices and Lords of the Treasury in 1722, for continuing

that Allowance - - - -150

9. Extracts from all Accounts of Wood Sales in the said Forest, from 1722 to 1774 - 152

10. Memorial of Lady Hillsborough to the Lords of the Treasury in 1770, praying Direc-

tions for Payment of One-fifth of the Value of all Trees felled there since 1760, and of all Arrears of the Allowance for the Keepers Salaries - - - - 155

11. Report of the Surveyor General of the Woods on that Memorial - - - - 155

12. Treasury Letter to Surveyor General, dated 6th July 1770, directing the Payment of the Allowances claimed by Lady Hillsborough - - - - -156

13. Treasury Warrant, dated 24th March 1777, directing the Auditor to allow those Payments in the Surveyor General’s Accounts ----- - - 156

14. Memorial of Lady Hillsborough to the Lords of the Treasury in 1778, respectinga Fall

of Navy Timber in the said Forest - 156

15. Report of the Surveyor General on that Memorial - - - -157

16. Letter from John Sainsbury, Esquire, dated 25th January 1790, with Account of Sums

received. by Mr. Legge, for Lops and Tops, from 1754101761 - 159

17. Memorial of Lord Stawell, in January 1784, praying the Suspension of an Order for a

Fall of Timber for the Navy in the said Forest - - - - 160

18. Case, with Sir Dudley Ryder’s Opinion, in 1742, respecting the Claim of the neigh-

bouring Inhabitants to the Offal Wood of Trees cut in the said Forest - - 160

19. The Examination of Robert Briant, Deputy to the Surveyor General in the said

Forest - -- --161

20. The Examination of John Adams, formerly One of the Keepers of Woolmer - - 162

21. The Answer of Henry Lord Stawell to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land

Revenue ..... - - - - 164

22. The Account of Henry White, Keeper of Borden Lodge, in Woolmer, of Payments

made to him for feeding Cattle, cutting Peat and Turf, and other Purposes, from 1782 to 1789 - -- - 166

23. The Account of Daniel Annett, Keeper of Linchborough Walk, inWoolmer, of Payments

made to his late Father and himself, for feeding Cattle, cutting Peat and Turf, and other Purposes, from 1786 to 1789 - -- -- - 167

24. Account of Timber taken by Lady Hillsborough and Lord Stawell, for Repairs in the said Forest, from 1778 to 1788 - -- 167

25. Account of Sums expended by Lady Hillsborough and Lord Stawell, in Repairs or

Buildings; and of Sums received or allowed by Sale or Exchange of Timber, towards defraying the Expences in Repairs in the said Forest, from 1778 to 1788 - 168

26. The Examination of William Moore, Head Keeper in Aliceholt - - - - 169

27. The Examination of Henry How, One of the Keepers there - - - - -171

28. The Examination of Henry White, Keeper of Borden Lodge, in Woolmer - 171

29. The Examination of Daniel Annett, Keeper of Linchborough Walk, in Woolmer - 172

30. State of the Timber in the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, presented to the House of Commons in 1783, by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General - - - 173

31. Abstract of a Survey of the Timber in the said Forest in 1783 - - - - 174

32. Computation of the Value of the Timber in the said Forest - - - - -176

33. Letter from Mr. Thomas Nichols, Purveyor of Portsmouth Dock Yard, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, respecting the State of the Timber in the said Forest, 31st December 1789 - -176

34. Letter from Mr. Nichols respecting the Mode of disposing of the Timber in the said

Forest, 17th January 1790 - - .177

35. Abstract of the Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, and of Wood

Sales, and State of Disbursements relative to the said Forest, from 1761 to 1786 - 178

36. Statement of the Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales in the said Forest, and of Monies expended in Payment of Salaries, Allowances, and other Charges relative thereto, from 1700 to 1786 - -179

37. Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy, stating the Expence of Carriage of Timber

from the said Forest to the Dock Yards.....- -180

Vol. 45. N* 1.

136 24" Februdm.

Nb i.

I ;in(] PERAMBULATION of the Forest o{ AlicehoU

lievemie ami Jl’oolmer,in the 28th Year of King

Report. Eduard 1". — from the Tower.

ROT. PERAMBULAC. de Anno Regni Regis Ed ward i Primi Vicesimo octavo, m. 4.

» , ~ 1 REX Omibz ad quos &c. Salim,

south ton. j- SCIATIS qd cmn Coilas Regni nfi

nobis concesserit Quintamdecimam omiu Bonos suo? mobiliu que hSbunt in Festo Sci MictSis pximo futuro extunc taxandor, Quequidem Quintadecima post liujus-tnodi Taxacoem colligi debet, levari fidelitr nob solvi, Volumus & concedimus p not) & Heredibz nris Sic. qd <jpamb'jlacoes fee coram dilco & fideli n?o coram Jobe de Berewyk & Socijs suis ad hoc assignatis 4^ pfeeptum nrm de Forestis nris in Com Southton de cetera teneantur & observentur 4^ Metas & Bundas contentas in eisdem ^ambulacoibz qua? Tenor de Verbo ad Verbum sequitur in hunc Modum. — PERAMBULACIO fca in Com Sutftt de Forestis Dni Regis in eodem Com coram Jobe de Berewyk Waltero de Gloucestr Waltero de Pavely & Jobe de Crokesly ad hoc assign in prsencia Johis de Romesy Tenentis Locum Justic Foreste, Forestar et Viridar, incepta in Crastino Ascensionis Dni apud Wynt Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Fit Regis Henrici Vicesimo octavo. Dnus Rex mandavit prfato Jotii & Socijs suis Br2 suu in bee Verba EDWARDUS Dei Gr2 Rex Angt Dns Hibn & DuX Aquil ditcis & fidelibz suis JohT de Berewyk Waltero de Glocestr Waltero de Pavely & Johi de Crokesly, Saltm, QUIA Volumus qd Carta Dni Regis H. quondam Regis Angt Pris nri dc Foresta in omnibz & singulis suis Articulis firmitr & inviolabilitr observetur, Assignavimus vos ad con-vocand in prsencia vfa Justic Foreste nre citra Trentam ▼el ipm quem posuerit Loco suo et omes Forestarios de Feodo & Viridarios Forestar nrar in Com SuthI et Wyltes & ad ^anibulacoera rectam 4^ Visum vrm & illor in ipTs Forestis 4^ Sacramentu tarn Militum quam also? pbor & legaliu Horn de eisdem Coin 4^ quos Rei Veritas melius sciri & ^ambulacio ilia fieri po-terit faciend juxta Tenorem Carte prdee, Salvis sem^ Juramento nro & Jure Corone n?e Ronibz n?is atq" Calumpnijs & omiu. also?. ITA TAMEN qd si aliquem vrin morte vel Infirmitate contingerit impe-diri quominus ad hoc intendere possit, Volumus qd vos Loco illius qui sic fuerit impeditus unum Militem discretum & legalem vel alium de Coin prdcis asso-cietur ad prmissa una vobiscum exequend ad quod faciend vob tenore p?senciu plenam comittimus Po-testatem ET I DEO vob mandat'd qd ad certos Dies & Loca quos ad hoc pvideritis p?missa faciatis in forma prdca Maudavimus enim singtis Vicecom nris Com prdco? qd ad certos Dies & Loca quos eis scire facietis, venire faciant coram vob tot & tales tarn ntilites quam alios pbos & legates HoTSs de BallTs suis quos Rei veritas in p?missis melius sciri Sc ^ambulacio prdca fieri potent sicut p?dcm est, Et ^ambulacbem iliam distincte & a^te f5am sub sigitt vris & sigitt eor 4P quos fca fuerit nob, reportetis antequam aliqua Execucio vel aliud inde fiat ut extunc inde fieri faciamus quod sedm Tenorem Carte p?dce faciend. IN CLTJUS Rei Testimoniu has L?as n?as fieri fecimus Patentes. C. me ipo apud Westra primo Die Aprit Anno Regni n?i Vicesimo octavo. AUCTORITATE cujus mandati p?dci Jobes & Socij sui mandaverunt Br$ Suit Vi2 Sulhl qd venire faceret coram eis apud Wynton in Crastino Assensionis Dni tot & tales tarn Milites quam alios iibos et legales Holes de Coin suo quos Rei Veritas melius sciri poterit et eciam omes & singtos Forestar & Virida? omiu foresta? tocius Com sui, ad quern Diem idem

07

vie simul cum Militibz & libe TenentibiT ejusdem ' Coin et eciam omes Foresta? & Viridar Forestar prdca? ibidem venerunt & 4^ eor assensum elegerunt Jobem de Basynggs, Jobem de Popham, Hugon de Chyke-hulle, BaldewynQ de Belwalneto, Jobem Roinyn, HugOn dte Estcot, Jobem de Dummer, Edmundum de Sutton, Thoinam de Levynton, Valentinum Becks, Robtum de Cler, Jobem Daundeley, Phm de Denemed, Jobem de Thedden, Alanu de Sutton, Radum de GodewOrth, Nicbum de Ichen, Hen? de Born, Phiim 4de Hey ford, Wittutti Strecher, Wittm de Tygehale, Thomam Staks, Robtum de Tottenord, Ricum de Sutton & Rictlm de Tysted, QUI in primis in Battiar Ade Gordon Capital ForeStarij de Halsyesholte Woluemere & in ejus p?sencia & in p?sencia Rici de Lucre. Westcot & Petri de Ileghes Viridario? prdc? Foreste 4p Sacramentum Suhih DICUNT & fcic pceSserunt, VIDELT, ad Vadu de Ameresfond & sic usq Issyngtonhache & sic usq Aldewyk & sic mediam parvam Strodam usq ad Cacumen Collis su<^ Grymes-hamme & sic usq veteram Marleram de Crockereslond & sic usq Bonhumesputts & sic Costeram dci Collis usq Boscum Jotiis de Popham su<^ La Stur.telemed & sic eandem Costeram usq La Brodehasshe afrnd La Vuer & sic fy* eandem Costeram usq ad Capud Cube Jobis de Bynsted & sic Haiam juxta La Scharstret a parte orientali usq La Pleistow de Wateby & sic ty* Hayam orientalem in Longitudine la Sharstret usq pedem Marlere Bedelli de Wateby & sic usq ad Cacumen de Ameresputts & sic su^ Cacumen de Rand-dolfesclive usq Modyesputts & sic usq ad Fraxinum dc Suthhees & pa? versus Boream sem^* Costeram Collis usq Wolstranescnolle & sic recte descendendo usq Cottemulle & sic usq Wyks & sic ty* mediam Portam Jotiis de Lynche & sic descendendo medium Gardinum ejusdem Jobis de Lynche usq ad Corchieswell & sic ascendendo usq ad Cornerum orientale Gardini Nicbi Corchi & sic Haiam Campi usq ad Haiam inter la Rude & Pokewell & sic recte usq ad Gondewell & sic ^medium Campum de la Ilouks de Wyks & sic medium Campum qui vo-catur Poukwellescroft & sic medium Berecroft usq ad Cornarium Gardini de Fyrnhull & sic descendendo jp* la Stauriggs extra Parcum Jobis de Venuz usq Ouredesdiche & sic Haiam dci Parci usq Stauriggs & sic <{p Fossatum Parci usq Dansyesmersch & sic extra Fossatum de Dansyesmersch usq Manduteshach & sic Rivulum Aque descendendo usq subtus Domum Doget & sic eundem Rivulum usq le Holelan & sic 4P* medium Okhangre juxta Haiam orientalem usq ad viam magnam que dueit usq Ethgatts & sic circa quendam Mariscum qui vocatur Okwode usq le Ethlake subtus la Henne & sic usq la Berghern & sic descendendo <$ Rivulum usq la Ethgats p?dcain & sic <$* magnam viam que ducit usq Blakemere & sic viam questendit apud la Thelebriggs & sic descendendo la Rydewater usq ad Domum Turpynggs Sc sic usq ad longuin vadum & inde pfunduin Longe More usq ad altam viam que ducit de Woluemere versus Mid-hurst Sc sic (jp* eandem viam usq Bukereswell & inde in Th’evene Path usq Olethom & sic eandem Th’even Path usq Quemenord & inde descendendo Aquam usq Schutteles et sic eandem Aquam usq Bradebriggs & sic fy* eandem Aquam usq Ilentonfonl & sic eandem Aquam usq Molendinu Monachor de , Dockenefeld & sic <fp' eandem Aquam usq ad Rivulu qui descendit de Coppehach & sic ascendendo 4^ eundem Rivulu inter terrain Jacobi le Bele in Com Sur? & terram de Dokenefeld in Coni Sutht usq Bothelerespull et sic Divisas prdco? duo? Coin usq Keriewardesbatts & sic 4^ Divisas prdco? duo? Com usq Udeshaich Sc sic ascendendo 4^ Rivulu usq la Rouhe-dich & sic 4p* Divisas prdco? duo? Com usq Honyng-geswe? & sic ascendendo 4^ Ripam usq ad prilcm Vadu-de Ameresford. ET DICUNT Jurati qd infra Metas & Bundas prdcas tota Foresta de Aisycsholt 8c

Woluemere

30 Geo. III.

248 M,

uar'ii.

13T

Woluemere ante tempus Corohacois Dni Hi Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc suit inclusa. DICUNT ECIAM qd idem Dnus II. Rex' pavus ultra Metas & Bundas pfdcas afforestavit Boscum de Chashurst que suit dnicus Boscus suus et est in Manu Dni Regis nunc. ET DICUNT qd Dnus Rex nullum habet alium Boscum extra Metas & Bundas prdcas prdSS Foreste adjacentum. DICUNT ECIAM qd Ministri Dni Regis H. pfis Dni Regis nunc afforestaverunt Viliam de Colemere cum Boscis, Viliam de Faryndon, Viliam de Chaucon quandam <{ptem Ville de Colerich & omes terras, Granas, Prata & Pasturas de Colerich usq Furcas de Whely, Vidett de regia Strata que ducit versus Farnham usq Cursum Aque de Waye & omes alij Bosci, Grane, terre & Loca prdc<5 Foreste apprial que istam ambulacoem deafforestantur* afforestat luerunt Ministros H. Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc & 4P* Ministros Rcgum Rici & Jofiis post, set quid & quantu tem^e cujuslibet Regis seperatim nullo modo eis constare potest.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

N* 2.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Aliceholt and fVoolmer,nth Charles ist, and Survey of the Timber there.

South & "1 THESE are on his Mat’: behalfe to will Surrey. > and requyre you forthw,b: to make &

J send tnee faire in Parchm': under yo’ hands and Seales a true certificate of his Ma": fforests of Alishoult & Woolmer w'bin the said Countyes and of all the Pu and Members thereof and therein to expresse according to the best of yor knowledge and understanding the true extent quantitye and qualify of the said Forests and p’misses distinctly and plainelie and all & every the severall Officers & Ministers & their Deputyes wthin the same and all Howses Lodges Rayles Plecks Inclosures ffeedings Proffitts and allowances whatsoever both casunll and certaine to them or anie of them belonging or now used or enjoyed wth: or in respect of the said severall Offices or anie of them respectively and what and how many severall Coppices Sherewoods & Underwoods are now growing wthin anie of the P’misses and their severall names and of what' growth extent quantity and value the same now are And how the said fforests and P'misses or any of them be stored or growen wth Tymber Trees or Saplings And whether they be orderlie and well inclosed ienced or p’served or otherwise neclected fallen spoyled or distroyed and by what Warrant and how longe sythence and by whome and in whose default and to what losse or damage to his Ma‘r severally & distinctly and the names of the severall Officers ffarmers & Tenants thereof or that ought to take charge or be answeareable for the same respectively and how neere to any navigable Port or River the said Woods or Tymber Trees are scituate lying or growing And wlmt Wasts or Pts or Pcells of Wast Grounds are w,hin the saidsfforests and Prmisses ffitt to be inclosed planted and p’served for a supplie of Tymber Trees for future t^mes and of what quantity and value- the same Wast Grounds are and how neere to any navigable Port or River as aforesaid and such Certificate soe made and certifyed in all Pticulers herein menebned and fairelie written and ingrossed in parchem*. under your hands and Seales to retorne and send unto mee before the ende of Trinity Terme next ensuing for the service of his Mat,r: and the Publiq' whereof a speciall accompt is expected at yor hands wcb I comend to your care Hereby willeing and requyreing all other his Ma'.

XT 1 - ° 1 J

Vol. 4 j.

Officers & Loveing Subjects lo bd aydeing Ahd assist- Late) HeViU ing unto you in the execucort hereof upon request in nue Kepurt; that behalfe, as they will answeare the contrarie at their Perills Upon yor Complaint Whereof fayle not;

Maij io,b 1635.

C.

To his Mat*. Woodward of'

the said Countyes and to the Verderers and Re-garders of the said fforests and to all & everie of them respectively.

A true Copy from a Book indorsed, Book of " Entries, N° 3. from January 1634 to ife " bruary 1640," remaining in my Office.

G. Augustus Selxvytt,

Surveyor General;

Forrest of Alice Holt and Woolmer in the County of South ton.

This xvij day of June iti the eleaventh Yeare of the reigne of our Sovereign Lord Charles by the Grace of God King of England Scotland France & Ireland Defender of the Faitlq &c. 1635.

WEE his Maj*? Officers w^in the s* Forres': of Aliceholt and Woolmer who have hereunto sett our hands and Seales by virtue of a Warr'. to vs directed from ye: Wor". Charles Harbord Esq’: his Maj,jr": Surveyor Generali Doe hereby according to the purport of the said Warr'. certifye concerning the severall Offices and names of ye: p’sent Officers and Ministers and theire Deputyes and concerning the Lodges Plekes Inclosures Proffitts and allowances casuall and certaine to them ap^taineing and concerning the Coppices Woods Underwoods and fitt places to be enclosed to supply of Tymber Trees and other the contents of the aforesd. Warr': in forme hereunder expressed viz:

ambuladon. ffirst as touching the bounders and extents of the said fforrest beginning at Amers-ford and soe to Issington Hatch and soe to Aldwicle and so as the fottpath leadeth to the topp of the Hill above Grymsham ats Grimsgrove and soe to the Old Marlepitt wcb: is in Crockensland and soe as the foot patli leadeth by the side of the said Hill to the Wood or Linch above Sturtleiriead and so to the broad Hatch at purehill ats Riverhill and thence as the foot path leadeth by the side of the Hill into Shackstreet and so directly to the Pleystowe of Whatleigh and soe by the Hedge on the East side as the said Shackstreet goeth along to the loot of the Old Marlepitt at Whatleigh and soe to the topp of Amersputt and soe above the topp of Randolsclyme to Modiesputt and so to the Ash of Southees and soe bending a little towards the North to Wolstansuall and descending directly to Cotts where sometime Cott Mill did stand and soe to Weeke and soe by the middle of the Gate of John of Linch now in the tenure of Robert Cheyney and soe descending by the middle of y*. Garden of John of Linch to Cruchasw'ell and soe descend to the East corner of the Garden of Nich: Churches and soe toGouds-tvell ats Goodwell Spring and soe through of the Field called Le Houke and through the middele of Puck-wellcraft and soe by the middle of Beercroft and so to ffarnhull and soe descending a little to Stoneridg and soe by the said Stoneridge into Binswood and soe

N n by

24® Febtuarii. A. 1790.

Land Save* nut Report

by the ditch of Worldebam Parke to Dankeves Marsh and soe to Manditts hatch and soeby a little Brooke descending to doggetts and soe by the same little brooke unto hole lane and soe through the middle of Okehanger neere to the Eastern hedge to the great way wch. keadeth to Echgate and soe aboute a Mersh called Okewood to Echlake and soe to Borberne and so by a little Brooke to Eachlake afores11: and soe by the great way leading to Blacktnore and soe by the way as that goeth to Thelebridge and soe goeing downe by the redd watter to the House of Cupping and soe to Longford and thenfce into the bottotue of Long-more to Buckerswell al*. Rackwell and soe to the Highway wcb. leadeth from Wooimere towards Midhurst AND from thence into the vene path al1. fenpath to Oldtbome and soe by tire same ye: vene path to Quernford and soe goeing by the Watter downeward

to Brad bridge and soe to Linford Bridge and soe de» sceoding by the same water to Broxheadbridge and soe by the same Water to Huntingford br idge and soe by the same Water to Munken Mill in Dockenfeild and soe by the same Water to a little Brooke wc\ descended from Cotpehatch and soe descending by the same brooke between the land of the Bele in the County of Surry and the Land of Dockenfeild in the County -of Southton to Botherlespull and so by tire bounds of the two Countyes to KenardBbatt and soe by the bounds of the s* two Countyes to vdeshatch soe ascending by a little brooke to Rowditch and soe by the houuds of the said two Countyes to Ilemjings-were winch is the Riuer of Wey and then goeing up by the baake of Amersford afores11: the bounds first menconed.

NORTH BALLIWICKE of ALICE HOLT, j 635. Survey of y* Woods there.

573

From Stoney lake to S turtle mead Green.

Containeing in Length Six furlongs and foure in breadth a thin Wood of Oke good building and cleaveing Tymkr: some Ship Tymb': som dot-tards all of full growth and decaying som beeches Ash Maple & Thornes worth by estimacon 573 /- from the Riuer of Thames 18 Miles wch: is nearer then any part or part of the Sea.

73

i, H3

984

Great Parke.

Thistly Green to Cottons Lane.

From Cotten to Rackelsomehatch.

Containeing by Estimacon 400 Acres som Trees of Oke good building and cleaveing Timber some Shipp Tymb: & some dottards all of full growth and decaying worth 73/. or thereaboutes from the sJ: Riuer of Thames 18 Miles.

A thin Wood of Oke conteyning by estimacon in length six furlongs in breadth 3 furlongs good buildiDg and cleaveing Tymb: some Shipp Tym-ber some Dottards a little beech and ash all of full growth and decaying worth by estimacon 1,143/. from the Thames 18 Miles.

A thine Sherewood of Oke by estimacon in length 5 furlongs in breadth furlongs good building & cleaveing Timber some Shipp Tymber some Dottards Trees some beech and Ash & most of full groweth worth by estimacon 9 84/. or thereaboutes, from the said Riuer 18 Miles.

404

From Parke Poet to A thine Shere Wood of Oke containeing by Estimacon 2 furlongs square Locke Reed. good building and cleaveing Tymb: Some Shipp Timb: some dottards

all of full groweth and decaying a few beeches worth by estimacon 404/. from the s4: River 18 Miles.

134

From Rowditch to homebill w,k Gorepoynt

A thine Wood of Oke containeing in length 3 quarters of a Mile in breadth furlongs good building & cleaveing Tymb: some Shipp Tymb: some Dottards som beeches all of full groweth and decayin worth by Estimacon 341/. from the s4: River of Thames 18 Miles.

916

From homehill to Sturts and Vdes hatch.

A thine Wood containeing a Mile in length in breadth 3 q": the greater parte of Oke good building & cleaveing - timb: some Shipp Tymb: some Dottards and many beeches all of foil growth and some decaying worth by estimacon 916/. and from the Thames 18 Miles.

THE SOUTH BALLIWICKE.

637

641

From Vdeshatch to A thin Wood containeing by estimacon 3 qM: of a Mile in length 3 furlongs 7 Sisters. in breadth for y*: greater p": of Oke good building and cleaveing Timb:

some Shipp Tymb: some Dottards & some beeches all of full groweth and decaying worth by estimacon 637/. from the said River of Thames 18 Miles.

From 7 Sisters to A thin Wood partly of Oke partly of beech containeing in breadth 3 furlongs batts Corner. in length 6 foriongs the Oke Trees good building and cleaveing Tymb;

some Shipp Tymb: some Dottards and some beeches all of full growth & decaying the whole worth by estimacon 6411, from the said River of Theames 18 Miles.

From

30 Geo.

24° ffebruafii.

139

d From batts Corner

€ to Sonylake and

d Sunyhill.

392

e Goose Greene.

1

e 1S4

b Goose Green Parke.

» 96 From Slatgate to

1 £ freeth end. {

Little Strayt

637 Old Close.

' 28 The Great Strayt.

2,654

5 Okehill in Wool-

mere.

10,247

OFFICERS of y* FORREST.

Henry Hooke John Feilder Esq1

some beech some Ash all of full growth and decaying worth by estimacon 392/. from the Tames 1$ Mites.

A very thine Wood* of Oka by estinaaCoa 2 furlongs square good building and ckaveing Tymber some shipp tymfc: some Dottards all of full growth and decaying worth by ostkaaSoB 184/- from die said River of Thames 18 Miles.

Contayning by estimacon 35 Acres wherein some Okes are good building and cleaveing Tymb: some Dottards Ash & Maple all of full growth and decaying worth 96/. or thereaboutes from the sa: Riuer t8 Miles.

A Wood of Oke well staud with bushes in length a Mile in breadth 3 furlongs good building an cleaveing tymb: some Shipp tymber -some Dottards and some beech -8c sash all of full growth and decaying worth by Estimacon 539*

In both the Walkes aforesd: wee finde not above too small Sapleings.

WEST BALLYWICKE:

A thin Wood of Oke containeing by estimacon a furlong in breadth & 2 furlongs in length good building & cleaveing tymb: some Shipp tymb: some Dottards and some Sapleings worth by estimacon 637/, from the said Riuer 18 Miles.

Containeing by estimacon 80 Acres some Okes standing Scattering good building and cleaveing timber some Dottards and some Sapleings worth by estimacon 28/. or thereaboutes from the s<: Riuer 18 Miles.

A Wood of Oke containeing in length a Mile in breadth 3 fnt\an«s good building and cleaveing timb: some shipp timfe: some Dottards well stored w‘: Sapleings Maple and thorne worth by Estimacon 2,654/. fvom the Riser oi Thames ih Mdes.

Some scrubbed Okes there standing scatteringly worth by estimacon kI of full growth from the Thames 18 Miles.

The fittest place wee can find to make a Coppice though not very fitt as we conceiue is between Aps green & Rights green adjoynin® to the Abbotts contayneing about 10 or 12 Acres. &

Robert Tut Whitt, Esq*: Lieutenant of the Forrest aforesaid — tyhat fees or profitts belong to him wee know hot. 6

William Murrey EsqT: Ranger of the said Forrest but what fees belong to bim or other Profitts wee know not.

k Verdefers w‘: fees belong to them wee know not.

Arthur Squibb Esqr: Steward but w*: fees belong to bim wee know not.

Gabril Lopp Esq*: Woodard for markeing 4 a. a Tree upon Sale of Wood or Trees x\] d: in the pound St the Barke of Trees barked.

Thomas Hobson Esq1: Gent: fforester of the North Walke in Alice Holte for Wnggesin Money £.iij — x</." per anii: the profitts of the great Parke being a barren Heath for the most parte beside the feeding of the Deere together w°*: the use of the great Lodgand a little Lodge, for an Under Keeper we value to be worth per Anii: £ viij. ffees ot Deere killed, Windfall Trees brouse & fire Wood.

John Fish, ffotrester of the South Walke there for wages £.«} — x: the profitts of Gofcse Greene Parke Vh: the Lodge therein besides the heeding of the Kings Deere there wee

value to be worth £.x: ffees of Defere killed.

Windefall Trees Dead Trees.

brouse and fire Wood. run

William Knight fforester of the West Walke for wages there wee value

Close w» the Lodge thereto besides f: feeding of the Ring? ueer

to be worth per; £. K.

Fees of Deere killed.

Windfall Trees Dead Trees, brouse & fire Wood.

John

Vol. 45.

Land Revenue Report.

24° Februarii. . 1790.

John Fish fforester of Borden Lodge in Woolmere for Wages per ftnii: £. iij — fees for Deere killed and the profitts of y*: Lodge and encloseurs thereunto belonging being aboute x Acres worth per ann: xli:

Cutting of Heath and digging of Turffe & peat.

John Adames fforester of Lynchborough for wagges per ann: jT.iij — fees for Deere killed and the profitts of the Lodge w‘h the inclosures to the same being by estimacon xvj Acres wee value to be worth £. iij.

Cutting of Heath digging Turfe and Peat.

A true Copy of Perambulation (written on Parchment) which was purchased of Mr. John Adam, late One of the Keepers of Woolmer, by Mr. Robert Briant, Woodward of the above-mentioned Forest, by the Order of John Pitt, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General: Examined the Second Day of October 1786, by us,

M. J. Attorney at Law, Haslemere.

Tho* Blunt, his Clerk.

N* 3.

ABSTRACT of a Survey of the Lands belonging to the Crown within the Forest of Aliceholt and

Woolmer, in the County of Southampton. By James Wyburd, 1787.

In ALICEHOLT. LODGES and INCLOSED LANDS.

The G RE AT LODGE and LANDS:

In the Occupation of the Right honourable Lord Starcell; a small Lodge and Garden, adjoining to the Great

Lodge, in the Occupation of William Moor, Head Keeper.

N^on the Plan. Names of Fields, &c. Quality. I Quantity. Value pei Acre. Annual Value. Value of Timber.

A. R. P. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1 Lodge, Gardens, &c. - - ~ l6 1 30 '\ — 30

2 Paddock - m m . - — 6 2 12

3 Middle Paddock - . _ — 9 2 6

4 Lower Paddock - . — 7 3 —

5 Pleasure Ground _ 2 3 30 So

6 - Arable - 15 sJ 2 7 l5 51 17 2 900

7 ~ m m - - - Pasture - 10 — 10

8 Pleasure Ground . 1 1 —

9 Farm Yard - m 1 3 14

10 Green Field - - - Pasture - »3 2 24 j

10 A. Roads . - 5 1 37 _ 1

11 Pit Field - - - Pasture - 4 3 35

12 Arable - 44 2 30

13 — - - 2 1 — ' *5 45 17 10

14 Pleasure Ground - - - — 9 1 5 .

Total - - £ 152 1 127 16 — 900

REMARKS:'

The Buildings and Fences in good Repair. Some Part of the Timber old and decaying.

GOOSE

GOOSE GREEN LODGE;

The House in the Occupation of John Falkner, Keeper; the Lands occupied by The Right honourable Lord Stawell.

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

N°* on the Plai n j Names of Fields, &c. Quality. Quantity. Value pei Acre. r Annual Value. Value of Timber.

j A. R. P. £. 8. d. £' s. d’

283 I Lodge, Garden, &c. - - I 1 2 30 3

284 1 Pond Field - - - Mead 8 2 1.5

28.5 1 Lawn - - - - j Pasture - t 3 18

286 ' Paddock - D° - - 2

287 D* ----- - D® - - 1 1 25

288 D" . D® - - 1 2 — 6,

289 Pond ----- - Water 30 > 30 59 i6 3 130

290 D® D® - - — 2 24

291 Pond Field - Meadow - 4 3 32

292 ----- -- D® - - 4 212

293 Park Field -. Meadow - 14 — 24 .

Total 41 2 10 - 62 16 3 130 — —

REMARKS:

The Buildings out of Repair, and falling down; the Fences in good Repair; some of the Trees «u decaying. Twenty-one Oaks have been felled this Year, worth about 50/. 0 c*

OLD CLOSE LODGE and LANDS. In the Occupation of Bennett.

N°*on the Pl&Ob

272

273 271

266

267

268

269

270

274

275

276

278

279

280

281

277

Nanoea of Fields, &c.

Lodge, Garden, &c. Orchard Bam and Yard Strait Field -Seven Acres -Kiln Field -Five Acres Bam Paddock Orchard Field Green Field -Saw-Pit Field -Lowbridge Field Eleven Acres -Seven Acres -Newbridge Field Pond Field -

Quality.

Total

Quantity.

A. 1 H. 1 p. 26

Pasture 1 1 . —

Arable - — 2 . —

D° - 9 — —

D® - 8 1 t5

D® - 6 2 —

D® - 5 2 6

D® - 3 1 3°

D® - - 1 1 34

Pasture m* 6 3 6

Arable 8 1 32

D® - - 12 3 - —

D® - . 12 1 —

Arable 8 — 20

D® - 9 1 7

- 3 2 15

Value per Acre.

Annual Value.

98 2 3*

>15

- £

£. s.

4 -

72 19 3

76 19 3

Value of Timber.

*£ t{.

70 — —

70 ——

The Buildings and Fences in

R E M A*R K S: good Repair. Part of the Timber old and decaying.

O o

In

Vo l. 45.

Sixth

Land Revenue In ALICEHOLT:

Report

The OPEN FOREST.

N0* on the Plan. Names of Fields, &c. Quality. Quantity.

15 The Open Forest Lands, called The! Wood - - A. R. P. 1,942 2 —

Holt (Straits included) J Pasture 484 3 17

16 Great Pond - - - Water- - 15 i 22

17 Middle Pond - - - D*- - - 3 1 27

18 Lower Pond - - - - D°- - - 2 2 14

A.B. &c. Sundry small Encroachments round! The Holt ... - J - 3 2 22

Total - - - - 2,452 1 22

Value per Acre.

Annual Value. Value of Timber.

<? d» Sm dm

s.,) 10

1,224 7 6 60,000 ——

1,224 7 6 60,000 ——

ENCROACHMENTS on ALICEHOLT FOREST.

References to the Plan.

Letters. Numbers. By whom made. Quantity. R EMARKS.

I A.B. P.

A 1. 35. John Falkner - - . — — 1

A 2. 36. Ditto - . 10

B. 28. George Wheller - - _ — 1 5 Trusler, Tenant.

C 1. 24. John Craft - . 6

C 2. 24. Ditto - - m 7

D 1. 22. John Phillips - — 16

D 2. 22. Ditto - - 2

D 3. 22. Ditto - - 12

E. 21. Sarah Hampton - - - 14

F. 20. John Collins - - 30

G 1. 310. John Trimmer - - - m 9

G 2. 311- Ditto - - m

H. 300. John Harding - - - . 3

I 1. 587- William Alderton - 5

I 2. 587. Ditto 5

K. 297. John Turvil - - _ . 9

L. 295. Lady Gatehouse - - m 24 William Cole, Tenant.

M. 296. James Bridger - - m m 38

N. 208. John Baker . 1 111

O. 216. William Prior - - - _ 12

P. 262. Eliz,h Beagley - - - - 6 f W Buckle, Tenant, Gar-

Q. 251. John Andrews - - - 1 jden Piece relinquished, but [Cart House standing.

E 1. R 2. 250. 146. James Alderton -Ditto - - - 13 23 f W" Woolveridge, Tenant, (a new House built thereon.

S. 246. Mr. Hurst - - - - 31

T. 147- John Falkner - - - 5 f W" Stent, Tenant, late (Croucher.

U. 148. Thomas Over - - " 3

w. 148. Widow Croucher — 4 3 2 22

ABSTRACT

£4° J<Ybnt#ni-

ABSTRACT:

r

A. B. P-

The Great Lodge, and inclosed Lands - 152 1 —

Goose Green - D° 41 2 10

Old Close - D* - - - D* 98 2 3>

292 2 1

Wood ... - 1,942 2 —

Open Forest - Pasture - 484 3 *7

.Water - 21 1 23

2,448 3 —

Encroachments 3 2 22

Total in Aliceholt - 2,744 3 23

127 16 — 62 16 3 76 19 3

267 11 6

9°°

13° ——

70 ——

1,100 —

1,224 7 6 60,000 ——

1,491 19 — 61,100 —

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

REMARKS:

From the Appearance of the Timber in Aliceholt Forest, and The Straits, it must have been well protected in its early Growth by Underwood, which the Rangers then preserved with Care; but, owing to the Preservation of it being neglected, and the uninterrupted Exercise of a Right, which the Proprietors of neighbouring Estates and Cottages claim, of cutting what Quantity of the Underwood and Bushes they think proper, there is no Prospect of an Increase of Timber; and even that now standing is frequently lopped, topped, and otherwise much injured, by those who, it is conceived, unjustly claim, and put in Force the Right before-mentioned.

The Timber in Aliceholt (on a computed Valuation) I estimate at 60,000l. It would have been of much more Value, had it not been so much lopped, and a great Number of Trees entirely topped; by which it has received considerable Damage. There is a great deal of it very old, and worse for standing.

I recommend a Fall of all Timber that is fit for the Navy, of which there is a great Quantity, and some spoiling.

Those Trees that have been lopped and topped, would serve wrell for Posts and Rails, to fence in, and sub-divide by a Ditch, Four Feet at Top, Three Feet deep, and Two Feet wide at the Bottom. This should be done without Delay, if the Ground is intended for the Produce of Timber, as the Inclosure would prove an excellent Fence for the numerous young Oaks, with which the Forest abounds.

The Deer, which I believe are about Four or Five hundred in Number, do much Prejudice to the Timber.

Aliceholt chiefly consists of Clay and Gravelly Soils, each excellent in its Kind, capable of being converted into Arable, Meadow, or Pasture. The Whole contains 2,427 Acres, and I have Averaged it at ioj. Acre, which amounts to 1,224/. 7 s. 6</. per Annum.

Vo 1.. 43.

In

A. 1790

24° Februarii.

Sixth Laad Revenue Report.

'---- V ----- '

In WOOLMER.

LODGES and INCLOSED LANDS.

BORDEN LODGE and LANDS.

In the Occupation of Henry White, Keeper.

N#*on the Plan. Names of Fields, Ac. Quality. Quantity. Value per Acre. Annual Value. Value of Timber.

A. U. P. £ s. d.

517 House, Garden, &c. - 1 2 13 per Year 3

512 Higher Mead - Meadow - ] 2 18

513 Lower Mead - D# - 1 2 4

514 Pasture Piece - Pasture 9 2 — > 6 — 5 9 6

5*5 Stable Field - Arable 9 1 24

516 Three Acres - Pasture 3 — 36 -

Total - 19 3 15 - £ OO <0

REMARKS:

The Buildings in good Repair.

LINCHBOROUGH LODGE and LANDS.

In the Occupation of Daniel Annett, Keeper.

N0# on the Plan. Names of Fields, Ac. Quality. Quantity. Value per Acre. Annual Value. Value of Timber.

A. p. £ s. d.

1,321 House, Gardens, &c. - 3 2 . 4

1,313 Upper Mead - Meadow - - 2 1 5

1,314 Coppice Mead - D* - - - 3 1 33

1,315 Tumblebay Mead - - D* - A - 3 3 5

1,316 Long Vere - Arable - - 3 —

1,317 Tumblebay Field - D* - - - 1 3 24

1,318 Barn Field - - D* - - - 2

1,319 Hill Field - - D* - - - 4 — 3 s.

1,320 Green Field - D° - - - 1 2 30 > 8 — 15 12 —

1,322 Orchard - - Arable - - — 1 10

1,323 Stable Field - - D* - - - 1 1 2

1,324 Calves Mead - - Pasture - - — 2 32

1,325 Rough Piece - - D* - - - 7 3 25

1,326 New Pond - - Water - - 2 3 13

1,327 Park Pond - - D* - - - 3 3 18

1,328 Park - Rough Ground - 103 3 30 4 — 20 16 —

Total - - - 143 2 32 £ O OO 1

REMARKS:

The Buildings and Fences in good Repair.

The

14*}

<24° Februariu

The

OPEN FOREST.

/ ——

N" on th# Plan.

Names of Fields, &c.

i,350 J The Open Forest Land,} called Woolmer - -J Fishing House -Part of Woolmer, lately inadel a Fox Covert -/

Ditto -

1.343 I Cranmore Pond -

1.344 I Woolmer Pond -

1.348 I Forked Pond

1.349 I Hogmore Pond -

1.345

1.346

1.347

Quality*

tf.

Pasture and 1 Heath /

Quantities.

TT

it. f.

i»295 I Part of Woolmer, claimed by] 'the Lord of Mill Land Manor - - -J

1,168 I Part of Woolmer, claimed by] the Lord of Oakhanger, or! Chapel Manor -J

Water -D*

D*

D°

Wood and Pasture

Pasture and 1 Heath J Part of Pond *

17 2

3 3 12 — 35 64 2 —

2 ——

4 — —

Yearly Value.

£, S. d.

200 — 7 3 2 — ,

s) 5,276 1 29' 82 2 35> > 800 17 1

5,359 ~ 24 800 17 11

223 1 10 44 13 3

203 2 7 50 17 8

5,786 — 1 1 VO cr> 00 O

Value of Timber.

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

jT* & (I>

ABSTRACT:

Quantity. Yearly Value.

Borden Lodge and inclosed Lands Liuchborough Ditto - - - A. R. P. 19 3 15 143 2 32 C s. d. 8 96 40 8 —

a. a. p. _ „ 1 Pasture and Heath 5,600 3 61 Open Forest] J* a 1 [Water - - 86 — 35/ 5,786 — I 896 8 10

Total in Woolmer - - - 5,949 2 8 945 6 4

R E M A R K S.

The chief Part of Woolmer consists of a light sandy Soil, interspersed with Peat Moors, as shewn on the Plan. For Sale I average it at 3 s.per Acre. The Land is not fit for the Produce of Oak, but is well adapted for the Growth of the Weymouth Pine, or any Kind of Fir, as proved by the several ornamental Plantations set by the late Ranger, Mr. Legge.

T O T A L.

1

Quantities. Yearly Value. Value of Timber.

- A. R, P. £ s. d. £

In Aliceholt 2,744 3 23 1,491 19 — 61, too

In Woolmer 5,949 2 8 945 6 4

8,694 1 31 3,437 5 4 6i,i<’0

Vol. 45.

Pp

£4° Febhidrii.

A. 1?90.

Sixth, ljuri Revenue Report.

.....de,

"Hayleshblt, ats Aliceholt et Woolvenpere, ats Wolmerein Com. SouditoD.

Loc. Ten. et

N° 4.

CURIA et PUta Forest® Uni Regis vocat Haylesholte ats Aliceholte et Woolvermere ats Wolmere in Com. South t. p'd vocat Le Swannimdte incept iipud Le Great Lodge Die Martis nono Die Junij existen. XV1" Dies ante Festum Sci Jobis Bapte Anno Regnl Dm nn Cevroli Dei Gr2 Angl. Scocie Franc. & Hibfiie Regis Fidei Defensor. &c. Undecimo Annoq Dili 1635. — Et postea adjoumament tent apud Li Great Lodge p’d Die Partis decimb septimo Die Judy Anno p'd coram Forestar. Viriaaf. Regardator. Agistar. & oibz klijs Ministris Forest® p'd put px. Subscript.

Ciistos forest 1 Turwhift Ar. Loc. Ten. et CuStos Forest®, attend. Regem.

Catatlis Sen"* Foreste.

j. Arthurus Squibb Ar. "Capflis Sen1*' Foreste conduit.

Itineran. Forest. Wittus Murrey Ar. attend. Regem.

North Ball. Thomas Hobson Gen. Forestar, ejusdem gambit, com^wt. South Belli. Jobes Fish Forestar, ejusdem gambit, com^uit.

West Ball. Wiitmus Knight Forestar, ejusdem ^dmbit, dom^trit.

Bill, de Lynchhorough. Joties Addams, Fofestar. ejusdem gambit, com^uit. Bill, de Boarddn Lodge. JoheS Tish Fbrestar. ejusdem gambit, consult.

lar.

Vlridi Regardat

Agistat.

Forest®

e.}

Henricus Hooke Ar. & Joties Feild’er Ar. coml^uer.

Thomas Christmas Gen. de Binsteed.

Richard Wakeford de Blackmore Yoman.

Johes Holloway de Okehanger Gen.

Robtus Cheyneye Gen. de Bulsteed.

Robtus Worsham de Lasham Yoman.

Henricus Wheeler de Binsteed Yomrfn.

Jobes Knight de Grove Yoman.

Gulielmup Vallor de Hedley Yoman.

Nichaus Newjin do Binsteed Yoman.

Jobes Knight de Gibbs Yoman.

Ni.chaus Hunt de Binsteed Yoman.

Robtus Vallor de Hedley Yoman.

Jobes Kitchiner de Binsteed Yoman.

Richard Coo^ de eadem Yoman. .1 j Franc. Baker de Kingsley Yoman.

Johes Buckle de Binsteed Yoman.

North Ball. South Ball. West Ball.

Nota Subforestar, ejusdem Foreste.

Jacobus Vicary & Jobes Miller, attend, gambit.

Jobes Fish Jun. attend, gambit.

Francis Knight, attend, gambit.

Ball, de Lynchborough. Jobes Vamedell, attend, gambit.

Ball, de Boarden Lodge. Lawreiicius Childe Sc Rogerus Farr, com^uer.

Woodward j Gabriel Lapp Ar. Woodward tocius Foreste Henricu. Mawrye Deputatu. . / suu. com<^uit.

Nota Villar et quatuor Homlhu. in qualib* Vill.

Villis de Kingsley,

Isington,

Binsteed-Popham.

Whateley, &

Broxted. 1

tocius Foreste

Such Part as is extracted, agrees with the Record in the Tower, having been examined.

Robert Lemon,

Chief Clerk.

30 Geo. III. 24° FebruariL 147

Sixth

Land Revenue

Report.

_ wJ

N-5.

LIST of GRANTS of the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the forest of and Woolmef,

from 45 Elizabeth to the Year 1790.

... ... Dates of Patents. To whoin granted. For what Tdith. Expiration.

( Sir William Knollis, Knt. after- )

14 Jan. 45 Elk. 1602 - -I wards Viscount Wallingford, and Earl of Banbury - For life.

1 Aug. 1 Cha. I. 1625 -j William Viscount Wallingford, and Edward Ramsey, Esq. - > For their Lives.

13 Nov. 5 Cha. I. 1629 Sir Francis Qerke, Knt and Robert Tyrwhvtt, Esq. William Legge, Esq. > For their Lives.

15 Jan. 14 Cha. II. 1662 15 Dec. it Will. III. 1699 - 45 Years from the Date. f45 Years from the Ex-1 pkation of the pre-1 15 Jan. 1707. 15 Jan. 1752.

Emanuel Scroop Howe, Esq.

[ ceding Grant. j

1 Feb. 15 Geo. II. 1741 -j The Honble. John Mordaunt, Esq. " 20 Years in Reversion 15 Jan. 1772.

2 April, 21 Geo. II. 1748 -j 13 April, 27 Geo. II. 1754 -I The Honble. John Mordaunt, Esq. - - -Samuel Martin, Esq. in Trust fTo make up the sub-] I sis ting Term 31 Years] 1 26 Jan. 1779.

for the Right honble. Henry The like - - 13 April 1785.

I 12 June, 32 Geo. II. 1759 -j Bdson Legge ... John Duller, Esq. and others, in Trust for Lady Stawell - > The like - 13 April 1790.

3 June, 6 Geo. III. 1766 -j Mary Lady Stawell, Baroness of Somerton - ] The like - 12 June 1797.

1 William Earl of Dartmouth and i

11 March, 13 Geo. ILL 1773 <{ others, in Trust for Lady Stawell - - - The like - 3 June 1804.

23 March, 20 Geo. III. 1780 j f William Earl of Dartmouth and L others, in Trust as before - The like - 23 March 1811.

N* 6.

George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, To all to whom these Our Letters Patent shall come, Greeting: Know ye, That We of Our Royal Grace and Favour, and in Consideration of the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements herein contained, and also by and with the Advice of Our right trusty and well-beloved Councellors Frederick North, commonly called Lord North, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, First Commissioner of Our Treasury of Great Britain, and Chancellor and Under Treasurer of Our Exchequer, and of Our trusty and well-beloved Francis Conway, commonly called Loud Viscount Beauchamp, Cornwall,

Esquire, William ''Henry Lord and Henry

Temple Lord Viscount -Pnknersion, both of Our King-doni of Ireland, Commissioners of'Our said Treasury, have demised, granted, and'to Farm letten, and by these Presents, for Ourself, Our Heirs, and Successors, do demise, grant, and to Farm let, unto Our beloved Cousin and Councilor William Earl of Dartmouth, together with' Our beloved Subject Sir William Bagot, Baronet, Charles Tewnshend, and John Butter, Esquire, Trustees named in the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable Wills Earl of Hillsborough, and Mary Countess Of Hillsborough, Lady Baroness of

'Seiherton, in the County of Somerset, his Wife, all that

Vo-l. 45.

Yearly Rent Of Thirty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence reserved by Letters Patent of Our Royal Predecessor his Majesty King Janies the First, for and out of all that the Manor or Manors of Wordleham, otherwise East Wordleham and West Wordleham, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate and being in Our County of Southampton, and Parcel of the Possessions of Our Crown of England, late in the Tenure of William Viscount Wallingford, deceased, and by the said Letters Patent granted to George Shiers and John Wells; and also all that the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest or Chace of Aliceholt and Woolmer, with the Appurtenances, in Our said County of Southand all Offices, Liberties, Wages, Fees, Commodities, and Privileges whatsoever, to the said Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest and Chase belonging or appertaining; all and singular which said Premisses were demised by Our late Royal Grandfather, his Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent under the Seal of his Court of Exchequer at Westminster, bearing Date on or about the First Day of February, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, unto John,

Esquire, to hold to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Fifteenth Day of January, which was in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two, for a Term of Twenty Years, and were afterwards demised'by'Our said late Royal Grandfather by like Letters Patent,

bearing

148 24° Februarii. A. 1790.

Sixth bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of April, in the Marriage Settlement of the said Wills Earl of Hills-Land Revenue Twenty-first Year of his Reign, to the said John borough, and Mary Lady his Wife) their Exe-

R^ort- . Mordaunt, to hold to him, his Executors, Adminis- cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during trators, and Assigns, from the Date of the said Letters and until such Term or Number of Years as will fill Patent, for such Term of Years as would fill up his up and complete their present Interest therein to then Interest in the said Premisses to the Term of Thirty-one Years, from the Date of these Our Letters Thirty-one Years; and were afterwards demised by Patent, without any Account thereof to be made or Our said late Royal Grandfather by like Letters Pa- rendered to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, but subject teqt, bearing Date at Westminster the Thirteenth Day nevertheless to the Uses mentioned and declared of of April,in the Twenty-seventh Year of his Reign, and concerning the same in the said Marriage Setde-to Samuel Martin, Esquire, at the Nomination of ment of the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough, with the Henry Legg, Esquire, to hold to him, his Executors, said Mary Lady Stawell his Wife, but under and Administrators, and Assigns, from the Date of the subject to such Powers, Conditions, Privileges, Liber-said Letters Patent, for such a Term as with the Term ties, and Authorities as are herein after mentioned; in being would make up and complete the same to (that is to say) With this Intention, and upon Con-Thirty-one Years, under such Powers, Conditions, dition nevertheless, that they the said William Earl of Privileges, Liberties, and Authorities as are therein Dartmouth, Sir William Charles Townshend,

and herein after mentioned and expressed; and were and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators, and afterwards demised by like Letters Patent, bearing Assigns, do and shall. Yearly and every Year, during Date the Twelfth Day of June, in the Thirty-second the said Term hereby granted, pay, or cause to be Year of the Reign of Our said late Royal Grandfather, paid, all and singular Fees, Wages, Salaries, and One thousand Seven hundred and Fitty-nine, to John Stipends of all and singular the Forest Keepers and Buller, of the Inner Temple, London, Esquire, at the Officers within the said Forest and Chace before men-Nomination of Sir John Eardley Wilmot, Knight (then tioned, which shall or may hereafter become due and One of the Justices of His Majesty’s Court of King’s owing, or to which they, any, or either of them, shall! Bench) and Henry Wilmot, Gentleman, to hold to in anywise by entitled during the said Term and Time the said John Buller, his. Executors, Administrators, hereby granted; and also to have, hold, occupy, pos-and Assigns, from the Date of the said Letters Patent, sess and enjoy the said Office of Lieutenant or Keeper for such a Term or Number of Years as with the Term of the Forest or Chace aforesaid, with all and singular then in being would make up the same Thirty-one Offices, Liberties, Privileges, Wages, Fees, Rewards, Years; and the said Premisses, by Our like Letters and all other Profits and Commodities whatsoever to Patent, bearing Date the Third Day of June, in the the said Office belonging or appertaining, to the Sixth Year of Our Reign, One thousand Seven hun- said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, dred and Sixty-six, were demised by us to the said Charles Townshend, and John Buller, their Executors, Mary, now Countess of Hillsborough, by the Descrip- Administrators, and Assigns, upon the Trusts afore-tion of Mary Lady Stawell, Baroness of Somerton, in said, for and during, and until such Term or Number Our said County of Somerset, to hold, receive, and of Years as will fill up and complete the present Term enjoy the said Annual Rent of Thirty-one Pounds Two and Interest under the said last-recited Letters Patent Shillings, and Eleven Pence, unto her, her Executors, to the full Term of Thirty-one Years from the Date Administrators, and Assigns, for, during, and until of these Our Letters Patent, from thenceforth next such Term or Number of Years as would fill up and ensuing and fully to be cofnplete and ended, with full complete her then present Interest therein to Thirty- Power and Authority to depute, ordain, and constitute one Years from the Date of the said last-recited One or more fit and sufficient Person or Persons into Letters Patent, under and subject to such Powers, the said Office, under them, and in their Names and Conditions, Privileges, Liberties, and Authorities as Stead, to exercise and enjoy the same at the Pleasure therein and herein after is mentioned; and lastly, the of them the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir Wil-said Premisses, by Our like Letters Patent, bearing Ham Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John Buller, their Date the Eleventh Day of March, in the Thirteenth Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and also Year of Our Reign, and in the Year of Our Lord Power and Authority, at their own Will and Pleasure, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, were to constitute and depute so many and such Foresters further demised by Us to the said William Earl of and Keepers within the said Forest and Chace as have Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Toionshend, been heretofore constituted and appointed 'for the safe and John Buller, Esquire, Trustees named in the and sure Custody of the said Forest and Chace during Marriage Settlement of the said Wills Lord Harwich the said Term; and also to have and take all Beasts in Our County of Essex, and Earl of Hillsborough in or Animals attached or taken within the said Forest or Our Kingdom of Ireland, and the said Mary Coun- Chace by any of the Foresters there, and all Manner less of Hillsborough, Mary Lady Stawell, Baroness of of Wood blown or thrown down by ,the Wind,. and Somerton aforesaid, his Wife, to hold and receive the all dead Wood, and the Boughs and Branches of Trees said Annual Rent of Thirty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Wood within the said Forest, cut off or thrown ’and Eleven Pence qnto the said William Earl of Dar- down, and Housebote or Firebote for-themselves and mouth , Sjr William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and the Foresters and Keepers aforesaid;'and also to have John Buller, the Trustees named in the said Marriage and take all Waifs, Estrays, Honey, and Wax, found Settlement of the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough, and or to be found within the said Forest and separate Pas-Mary Lady Stawell his Wife, their Executors, Ad- ture, within Our Lands in the said F’orest and Chace, ministrators, and Assigns, for, during, and until such for Two Horses for themselves, their Executors, Ad-Term or Number of Years as would fill up and com- ministrators, and Assigns, or for their Deputies, and plete the then Term and Interest under the said last- sufficient Pasture within the said Forest or Chace for recited Letters Patent to the full Term of Thirty-one One Horse for each Forester and Keeper, with full Years from the Date thereof, without any Account to Liberty of fishing within Our Waters within the said be made or rendered to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, Forest, and to take and keep the Fish to the proper under such Powers and Conditions as therein and Use of them, the said Earl of Dartmouth, Sir

herein after mentioned, to have, hold, receive, and William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John Buller, enjoy the said Annual Rent of Thirty-one Pounds their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and Two Shillings and Eleven Pence unto the said Wil- also full Power and Authority for them the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles liam Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John Butter (Trustees named in the Townshend, and John Butter, their Executors, Administrators,

nistrators, and Assigns, or their Lieutenant or Lieutenants in the said Forest, to hold the Court commonly called The Wood Court, and to take, levy, and receive,

as well by themselves, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as by their Deputy or Deputies, for the Use of the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Toicnshend, and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all Fines and Amerciaments made and Forfeiture in the said Court, to Us, Our Heirs and Successors, during the said Term; and also to have and take the Entrails, commonly called the Humbles and Suets, of all Deer killed and taken within the said Forest and Liberty; to have and take, within the said Forest and Chace, or either of them, for their own proper Use, One Stag and One Buck in the Summer Season, and One Hinde and One Doe in the Winter Season; and to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy all and singular Offices, Authorities, Privileges, and Liberties aforesaid; and to take and keep all and singular Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and other the Premisses, to the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles T&wnshend, and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the said Term in and by these Presents granted, without any Account to be made or rendered to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, for the said Premisses, or any Part or Parcel thereof, in as full and ample Manner and Form as William Legge, and Emanuel Scroope How, Esquires, or any other Person or Persons, heretofore had, held, and enjoyed the same, subject to the Uses and Trusts hereinbefore mentioned and declared of and concerning the same: And the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John , for themselves

respectively, and for their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, do, and each of them doth covenant, promise, grant, and agree, to and with Us, Our Heirs and Successors, by these Presents, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say) That they the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and will, from Time to Time, during the Term hereby granted, when and as often as Need or Occasion shall be and require, at their or One of their own proper Costs and Charges, well and sufficiently repair, amend, support, uphold, and maintain all and singular the Lodges, Fences, and Inclosures of and belonging to the said Premisses hereby demised, by and with all and all Manner of needful and necessary Reparations and Amendments whatsoever; and the said Premisses, and every Part of the same, so well and sufficiently repaired and amended, at the End or other Determination of the said Term shall and will peaceably and quietly leave, surrender, and yield up to Us, Our Heirs and Successors: And also, that they the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Bagot, Charles Townshend, and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and will, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, during the Term hereby granted, discharge, save harmless, and indemnify Us, Our Heirs and Successors, of and from the Payment of all and every the Salarys, Stipends, or Wages, which shall or may become due or payable to any of the Foresters, Keepers, and Officers of the said Forest and Chace, during the Term hereby granted; and also shall and will preserve and keep the Deer and other Game within the said Forest and Chace, and all the Woods, Timber Trees, and other Trees growing in and upon the said Premisses, from cutting, chopping, and Spoil, during the said Tei'm hereby granted, and, being so preserved and kept, at the End or other sooner Determination of the said Term hereby granted shall and will peaceably and quietly leave and yield Von. 45.

up to Us, Our Heirs and Successors: Provided always nevertheless, That if these Our Letters Patent, and all Assignments thereof which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be made of these Our Letters Patent, or of the Premisses hereby demised, or any Part thereof, shall not be inrolled before Our Auditor of Our said County of Southampton, or his Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, within the Space of Six Months next following their respective Dates, and Minutes or Docquets thereof entered in the Office of Our Surveyor General of Our Land Revenues for the Time being, within the like Space of Six Months next following their respective Dates, that then and from thenceforth, in any such Case, or on any such Default, this Our present Demise and Grant, and all and every such Assignments thereof respectively, shall and may be accounted null, void, and of no Force or Virtue, any Thing in these Presents contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: In Witness whereof, We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Our above-named right trusty and well-beloved Commissioners of Our Treasury aforesaid, at Westminster, the Twenty-third Day of March, in the Twentieth Year of Our Reign, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

By Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

j

Inrolled the 4th of April 1780.

A true Copy from the Inrollment, before me,

John Hosier, Dep. AudT.

N# 7.

soutHto

Anne, by the Grace of God Queen of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &;c. To Our right trusty and well-beloved Councellor, Sidney Lord Godolphin, Our High Treasurer of England, and Treasurer of Our Exchequer, the Chancellor and Under Treasurer of Our Exchequer now being, and to the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer of Our Exchequer for the Time being, Greeting: Whereas Our late Royal Brother King William the Third, by Letters under his Privy Seal, bearing Date on or about the One and Thirtieth Day of August 1701, did direct the Payment of One hundred and Fifty Pounds per Ann. out of the Receipt of Exchequer,- to Our trusty and well-beloved Emanuel Scroop Howe, Esquire, Lieutenant and Keeper of Our Forests of Alice Holt and Woolmer, in Our County of Southton. for the Wages to 5 Under Keepers in the said Forests at 25/. Ann. each for themselves, and 5/. per Annum each for a Servant; the same to commence from Michaelmas 1699, and to continue during the Pleasure of Our said late Royal Brother; which said Letters of Privy Seal became void by the Death of Our said late Royal Brother: And whereas the said Emanuel Scroop Howe hath by his Petition prayed that the said Allowances may be continued, and that the same may be paid by the Surveyor General of Our Woods on the South Side Trent, out of such Money as is or shall be in his Hands, arising by Wood Sales; which Petition being by you, OurHigh Treasurer

Q q of

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

150 24° Februarii. A. 1790.

Sixth of England, referred to our trusty and well-beloved Land Revenue Edu^1 Wilcox, Esquire, Surveyor General of Our Woods

Report. on South Side Trent, he has reported that he is of Opinion an Allowance of 20/. per Ann. each, to Two of the said Under Keepers, being Keepers of Wolmer Forest, where there is no Timber, may be a sufficient Allowance, without any Servant, for taking Care of the Deer and Game, and which is the usual Allowances to Keepers in other Our Forests; and that the other Three, being Keepers in Holt Forest, where there is a great Quantity of young thriving Timber, and lately well preserved, which hereafter may be fit for the Use of Our Navy, may deserve Encouragement by having the like Allowances granted by the said former Letters of Privy Seal continued to them, the Whole proposed by the said Surveyor General of Our Woods to be allowed, amounting to 130/. per Ann.; which We being graciously pleased to approve of, Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby authorize and command, That you issue the necessary Warrants or Orders to the Surveyor General of Our Woods on the South Side Trent for the Time being, directing him, out of such Money as is or shall be in his Hands arising by Wood Sales, to pay unto the said Emanuel Scroop Howe, or the Lieutenant and Keeper of the said Forests for the Time being, as well the Sum of 292/. 10. for Two Years and a Quarter, from Lady Day 1702 to Midsummer last 1704, as of what shall for the future grow due Quarterly on the several Allowances before mentioned, amounting in the Whole to 130/. per Ann.; to wit, 20/. per Ann. for the Wages to each of the Two Keepers in Wolmer Forest, and 25/. Ann. for the Wages to each of the Three Keepers in Alice Holt Forest, and 51, per Ann. more to each of the said Three last mentioned Keepers for a Servant, the same to continue during Our Pleasure: And We do hereby further authorize you to give Directions to the Auditor of Our said County of Southton. to give Allowance to the said Surveyor General of Our Woods in his Accounts of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to Our said Auditor to have been paid in pursuance hereof: And these our Letters shall be your sufficient Warrant and Discharge in this Behalf. Given under Our Privy Seal, at Our Palace of Westminster, the 16th Day of August, in the Third Year of Our Reign.

John Tench,

Deputy to The/ Gosling, Esqr.

SOUTHTON.

After my hearty Commendations: Whereas Her Majesty, by Letters under Her Privy Seal, bearing Date the 16th Day of August Instant, hath directed Payment to be made of 130/. per Ann. out of Wood Sales to Emanuel ScroopeHoive, Esquire, Lieutenant and Keeper of the Forests of Alice Holt and Wolmer, the same to commence from Lady Day 1702, and to be applied in Manner following; that is to say, 20/. per Ann. for Wages to each of the Two Keepers in Wolmer Forest, and 25/. per Ann. for the Wages to each of the Three Keepers m Alice Holt Forest, end 51, per Ann. more to each of the said Three last mentioned Keepers for a Servant: These are, by virtue of the said Letters of Privy Seal, to authorize and require you, out of such Money as is or shall be in your Hands arising by Wood Sales, to pay unto the said Emanuel Scroop Howe, or his Assigns, as well the Sum of 292/. 10. for Two Years and a Quarter of the said Allowances, from Lady Day 1702 to Midsummer last 1704, as of what shall from Time to Time for the future grow due thereupon, pursuant to the Direction of the said Letters of Privy Seal; and this shall be, as well to you for making the said Payments as to the Auditor for allowing thereof on your Accounts, a sufficient Warrant

Treasury Chambers, 21st Aug' 1704-Godolphin.

To my very loving Friend, Edvfi Wilcox, Esqr, Surveyor General of Her Majesty’s Woods on the South Side Trent.

N8 8.

By the LORD JUSTICES.

Wm Cant. Roxburghe.

Argyll & Greenwich. Berkeley.

Holies Newcastle. Cadogan.

Whereas wee are given to understand, that the Keeper or Ranger of His Maties. Forest or Chase of Alice Holt and Woolmer, in the County of Southampton, by virtue and in pursuance of the Grant of the said Office, holds and enjoys or receives a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to the Crown, of Thirty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence per Annum, issuing out of the Manor of Wordelham in the said County, with Intent that the said Keeper or Ranger might pay and support Yearly all Fees, Rewards, Salaries, and Stipends, of all and singular the Foresters, Keepers, and Ministers, of the said Forest or Chase; and accordingly the Grantee has covenanted in the said Grant, That the Crown shall be discharged from the Payment of any Salaries or Wages to any Under Keepers of the said Forest or Chase: And whereas wee are further given to understand, that her late Matie. Queen Anne, notwithstanding the Covenant of the said Grantee to exonerate and discharge the Crowne as aforesaide, was pleased to order and direct, out of Money ariseing by Wood Sales, which should be and remain in the Hands of the Surveyor Generali of her Woods for the Time being, the Yearly Sume of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Ann. to be distributed and paid over by the said Keeper or Ranger, in Manner following; that is to say, to Two Keepers in Woolmer Forest, Twenty Pounds per Ann. each, for their Wages; to Three Under Keepers in Alice Holt Forest, which was then and is now, as wee are informed, well stockt with young Timber, Twenty-five Pounds per Annum each for their Wages, and Five Pounds per Ann. more for each of the said Keepers, for a Servant: And whereas Mrs. Ruperta How, in whom the said Office of Keeper or Ranger is now legally vested, hath humbly besought His Matie. for the Encouragement of the said Keepers, and for the better Preservacon of Vert, Venison, and Timber, within the said Forest or Chase, and to the End many Disorders and Depredacons which frequently happen for Want of such Encouragement, may be hindered for the future, that the said Allowance may be continued in Manner it was directed to be paid by her said late Matie. to which Request wee, on His Majesty’s Behalfe, think reasonable to condescend and agree: These are therefore, in His Maties. Name to authorize, direct, and require you to issue your Warrant or Warrants to the Surveyor Generali of His Maties. Woods for the Time being, thereby authorizing and impowering him, out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain k» His Hands ariseing or to arise by Wood Sales, in any his Maties. Forests, Parks, or Chaces whatsoever, to pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Ruperta How, or her Assignee, the said Yearly Sume of One hundred and Thirty Pounds from the Time it was last paid, for and during His Maties. Pleasure, to be applied and payed over by the said

Ruperta

30 Geq. III. 24° Februarii: . 151

Ruperta How in Manner following; (that is to say) to the Two Keepers in Woolmer Forest, after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Annum each for their Wages, and to Three Keepers in Alice Holt Forest, after the Rate of Twenty-five Pounds Ann. each for their Wages, and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Ann. more to each of the said Three Keepers for a Servant; and in the said Warrant or Warrants you are to order and direct the said Surveyor to take Care that the said Yearly Sume, and the Arrears thereof, be paid over to the said Keepers accordingly, and to enjoyn and require the said Keepers to observe and follow such Rules, Orders, and Instruccons, with respect to the Preservacon of the Timber, Vert, Venison, and other His Maties. Interest in the said Forest or Chace, as you or the said Surveyor Generali of His Maties. Woods for the time being, shall in that Behalfe think fitt to direct and appoint; and for so doeing this shall be your Warrant.

Given at His Maties. Court at Whitehall, the 25th Day of September 1723, in the Tenth Year of His Maties. Reign.

By their Excellencies Command,

Walpole.

Geo. Baillie.

To the Com" R. Edgcumbe.

of His Maties;

Treasury.

After our hearty Commendacons: We doe hereby, in pursuance of their Excellencies the Lords Justices Pleasure, signified to us by the aforegoing Warrant under their Hands, authorize, direct, and require you, out of such Monies as are therein menconed, to pay, or cause to be paid, unto Mrs. Ruperta How, Chfeif Ranger or Keeper of His Matie. Forest or Chace of Alice Holt and Woolmer, or her Assigns, not only all such Sume and Sumes as are now due and in Arrear, on the Yearly Sume of One hundred and Thirty

Pounds, thereby made payable for the Keepers of the said Forest or Chase, in Proporcons as are therein menconed, but also of all such Sume and Sums as shall from Time to Time for the future Quarterly become due and payable thereupon; takeing Care that the said Arreares and growing Payments be applyed and paid over to the said Keepers in Manner as by the said Warrant is directed; and moreover, you are hereby authorized and directed to enjoyn and require the severall and respective Keepers receiveing the said Yearly Sume to observe and follow such Rules, Orders, and Instruccons, with respect to the Preservacon of the Timber, Vert, Venison, and other His Maties. Interest in the said Forest or Chase, as you shall in that Behalfe think fitt to direct and appoint, under Pain (in case of Failare, Neglect, or Contempt) of being deprived the Benefitt of the Allowances His Matie. is pleased to make them: For all which this shall be your sufficient Warrant, provided an Entry hereof be first made before His Maties. Auditor of the Land Revenues for the Countys of Southampton, or any His Majesty’s Auditor before whom you are to account for the Monies, or any Part thereof, out of which the Sums due and to be due on the said Allowance shall be satisfied and paid, as also before the Auditor of the Receipt of His Maties. Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells there.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 2d Oct' 1723.

R. Walpole,

R. Edgcumbe, H. Pelham.

To our very loving Friend,

Charles Wither, Esq'. Surveyor Gen11 of His Maties. Woods, and to all others herein Concerned.

Vol. 45.

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

to» CO

5 ?E'

It*

N° 9.

EXTRACTS from the Accounts of all Wood Sales in the Forest of Aliceholtand Woolmer. from the Year 1722 (being the earliest Period for which any such Accounts can be found) to the Year 1774; taken from the original Accounts of the Surveyors General of the Woods in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, in order to shew what has been the Usage with respect to the Disposal of the Lops, Tops, and Bark felled there during that Period.

1729-

1732.

In 1722, The Accomptant is charged with 180 dotard Oak Trees, with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, felled in Alice Holt Forest, valued and sold for the sum of 1724. The Accomptant is charged with 405 underling unthrifty Oak Trees, together with the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, felled in Alice Holt Forest, valued and sold for the Sum of ——

The Accomptant is charged with 1,170 dotard and decayed Oak Trees, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, felled and cut down in Holt Forest, valued and sold to Mr. John Smith, of Basingstoke, for the Sum of -The Accomptant is charged with 577 Trees, with the small Flittems, felled in Alice Holt Forest (clear of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the said Trees, the same being claimed by Mrs. Ruperta How, by virtue of her Grant of the Office of Ranger of the said Forest) sold and delivered to divers Persons, for the Sum of ——

737*8. The Accomptant is charged with 998 small Flittern Trees, and 621 dotard and decayed Trees, felled and cut down in the said Forests, in the Year 1736 (clear of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the said Trees, the same being claimed by Mrs. Ruperta How, by virtue of her Grant of the Office of Ranger of the said Forests) sold and delivered to Henry Hoult and William Hercy, for the Sum of -

866 Flittern - Ditto, - and 422 Dotard Ditto - Ditto

500 - Ditto - — - and 872 Ditto - - - - Ditto

1739. The Accomptant is charged with 405 dotard and decayed Trees, felled and cut down in Alice Holt Forest, in the Year 1739, valued and sold to Thomas Charlwood and George Gregory, for the Sum of -

1741. The like for 442 dotard and decayed Trees, sold to divers

Persons, for -

1742. - - - - 455 Trees, and 206 Flitterns, cut down and

sold to divers Persons -

£. s. d. 200 ——

420 ——

980 ——

5>9 15 —

504 12 — 448 2 — 553 16 —

269 12 — 162 l6 — l8o ——

These Trees are accompted for, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, and no Allowance in lieu of the Lops and Tops is made in either of these Accounts.

In 1729. The Accomptant is allowed, for Money paid to Mrs. Ruperta j£.

Howe, for the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the

1,170 Trees felled and sold in Holt Forest, she claiming tile > 140--

same by virtue of her Grant, as by her Acquittance appears, the Sum of

N. B. This Allowance is i-7th of the full Value of the Trees.

In the following Sales the Number of Trees only is accounted for, without mentioning the Lops, Tops, or Bark; but the following Notes or Memorandums appear in the Vouchers or Statements on which the Accounts were made out.

1742. " N. B. The Lop and Top claimed by the Honw* Mr. Mordaunt, Ranger."

24° Februarii. . 1790*

1743- m - - - 354 Trees felled and cut down in the said Forest,

sold to several Persons -

1744. w - - - 411 Oaks cut down and sold to several Persons -

1745- - - - 292 Trees - - - Ditto - -

1745- " - - - 408 Trees - - - Ditto -

1746. . - - - 368 Trees Ditto

1747. - - - - 371 dotard and decayed Trees - Ditto - -

1748. - - - - 568 Ditto m - m Ditto - m

1749- - - - - 206 Ditto - - - Ditto - *-

5 750. - - - - 490 Ditto - - m Ditto - -

Note. In the Year 1750, Mr, Mordaunt sold his Grant to

Mr. Legge.

1751. - - - - 455 Ditto - - Ditto - -

1752. - - - -'415 Ditto _ Ditto m

1752. - - - - 320 Ditto - - - Ditto - -

1753- - - - - 284 Ditto - - - Ditto - -

1754. - - - 300 Ditto - - - Ditto - -

1755. - - - - 150 Ditto - . Ditto m.

*736. - - -. - 250 Ditto - - - Ditto - -

22 Trees, Part of the 60 Trees sold, &c. (See Note opposite) -

*757* The Accomptant is charged with 150 dotard and decayed Trees, with the Bark thereof, felled and cut down in the said Forest, valued and sold to several Persons, for the Sum of -

1758.

,759-

1760.

1763.

1764.

1765.

1766.

The like - - - - 181 D*, with the Bark thereof -

The like - - - - 185 D°, with the Bark thereof

The like - - - - 340 D#, with the Bark thereof

The Accomptant is charged with divers dotard and decayed Trees, with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, felled and cut down in the said Forest, between the 5th of April 1761 and the 5th of April 1762, valued and sold to several Persons for the Sum of - -

The like ——

The like ——

The like -

1

1745* u The Lop, Top, and Offal Wood is granted to the Honu® John Mordaunt, and is " taken by him."

1746. The like Note.

1747. The like Note.

1748* The like Note.

1749. " N. B. The Lop, Top, and Offal Wood, granted to the Honble John Mor-

" daunt."

1750. The like Note.

GO

o

O

o

17 51.

1752. 1752. 17 53-1754.

1755-

" N. B. The Lop, Top, and Offal Wood, granted to the HonUe John Mordaunt,and his Assigns."

The like Note.

The like Note.

The like Note.

The like Note.

The like Note — and a further N. B. that -

" Besides the 150 Trees above accounted for, there was a Lot " of 60 Trees sold to James Collins and Richard Lintoot, for *' the Sum of 70/. who gave their joint Bond for the same, 0

" but are since absconded; Four Fifths of which is due to the " Crown, and the other Fifth to the Honkl* John Mordauht,. or his " Assigns.

i( $ths of £.70 is £.56 ----- --of which recovered, as per Acco*

" 1756 - - - 14 8 —

14 ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---3 12 — ft

£. 70 — —

£.l8 ----- -s:

In the following Sales, the Trees and Bark are accounted for.

1757. Among the Vouchers of this Account is a Certificate signed by Kemble Whatley,

the then Deputy Surveyor, dated 3d May 1757, " that the Timber and Bark "were sold by Auction for 158/.; and that the Lops and Tops were claimed " by and delivered to the R* Honble Henry Bilson Legge, as Assignee of the " Honble John Mordaunt."

1758. The like Certificate.

1759. The like Certificate.

Or

CO

r

— 3

7a'Ji

2 f

S3

C

r *

S

5s5 o- c/5

{3 »K

o q

o

V?

K* o. — Extracts from the Accounts of all Wood Sales in the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, &c. — continued.

In 1767-8. Di vers dotard and decayed Trees, and Offal Wood thereof -

1769. The like - - - D*

1770. The like - - - D" -

with the Bark, Lops, Tops,

£. s. d.

661 ——

277 ——

714 ——

1771. The like, with the Bark, Lops, Tops and Offal Wood 1773. 471 Trees, with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood 774* 630 Trees, with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood

473 ——

363 ——

700 ——

1770.

1771.

1773-

1774.

The Aocomptant is allowed, for Money by him paid by the Executors of the ll» II onbUs Henry Bilson Legge, deceased, late . Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest, for One Fifth Part of the Net Monies arising from the Sale of Timber felled in the said Forest, in the Years 1762 and 1764, in Lieu and Compensation for the Bark, Lops, and Tops thereof, claimed by the said ' Executors, as by their Acquittance for the same appears, the Sum of ——

The like for One Fifth Part of the Net Monies arising from the Sale of Timber felled in the said Forest, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1768, and 1769, in Lieu and Compensation for the Bark, Lops, and Tops thereof ——

The like to the Right honourable Mary Countess of Hillsborough, for One Fifth Part of the Net Monies arising from the Sale of Timber felled in the said Forest, in

1770 ....

The like for One Fifth Part of the Timber felled in 1771 -The like for One Fifth Part of the Timber felled in 1773 -The like for One Fifth Part of the Timber felled in 1774 -

£> S‘ d.

135 ——

3*3 4 —

142 16 — 95 12 — 72 J2 — ,

140 ——

o

o

o

00

?T

24° Februarii. . 1790.

24° Februarii.

M loa

N* io.

To the Right honourable the Lords Comriaissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Memorial of the Right honourable

Countess of Hillsborough, Lady Baroness of Sojnerton, Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest or Chase of Alice Holt and Woolmcr, in the County of Southampton; and of John Esquire, and Charles Esquire, Ex-

ecutors of the Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, Esquire, deceased, who was Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest or Chase;

Sheweth,

That the said Henry Bilson Legge was by several Letters Patent appointed Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest or Chase, and by virtue thereof was entitled to One Fifth Part of the Produce of all Timber sold by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods in the said Forest or Chase, in lieu of the Top, Lop, «nd Bark thereof, and by several Warrants issued from his late and present Majesty’s Treasury, was also entitled to the Yearly Sum of One hundred and Thirty Pounds for the Keeper’s Salaries, which is directed to be paid by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Sixth

Woods: . ’ LaReRorVt!m'e

That the said Henry Bilson Legge died on the Twenty- »____

third Day of August 1764, upon whose Death the same descended on your Memorialist, the Coutltess of Hillsborough, his Widow:

That the saTd Henry Bilson Legge and Countess of Hillsborough regularly paid the Salaries to the Under Keepers of -the said Forest or Chase, but have not received the said Yearly Sum of One hundred and Thirty Pounds since the 17th of March 1761, when John Pitt,

Esquire, the then and present Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, paid the said Henry Bilson Legge the same, together with the Fifth Part of the Sale for the preceding Year; after which nothing was paid to the said Henry Bilson Legge during. his Life Time, noi* has any thing been paid to your Memorialist since his Death:

That Sir Edmund Thomas, Baronet, succeeded the said John Pitt', as.Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, and continued so till his Death, when the said John Pitt was again appointed Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods':

That the said John Pitt and Sir Edmund Thomas have sold Timber in the said Forest or Chase, in the Years and to the Amount following; (that is to say)

£. s. d.

" 1761 None cut ——

1762 - - - 323

1763 None cut - —

1764 ... - 352

In the Years/ 1765 - 329

1766 349

1767 None cut ——

1768 - - 661

L *769 - - - - 277 — —

2,291

One Fifth Part of which, amounting to the Sum of Four hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds and Four Shillings, is due to your Memorialists in lieu of the Top, Lop, and Bark thereof, together with the said Yearly Sum of One hundred and Thirty Pounds for the several Years above-mentioned.

Your Memorialists therefore pray your Lordships will be pleased to order the said John Pitt to pay them their respective Dues out of the Monies which have or may come to his Hands; and that your Lordships will also be pleased to order the Representatives of the said Sir Edmund Thomas to pay them their respective Dues out of the Monies which came to his Hands; or that your Lordships will be pleased to mike such other Orders for the Payment of your Memorialists as to yoilr Lordships shall seem meet:

And your Memorialists shall ever pray; &c.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 16th May 1770.

The Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer the aforegoing Memorial to John Pit Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, who is to consider the same, and report to their Lordships a true State of the Premises, together with an Estimate of the Expences that the therein-mentioned Works and Repairs will amount to.

Grey Cooper.

Vol. 45.

N° 11.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference on the Memorial of the Right honourable the Countess of Hillsborough, hereunto annexed, I have considered the same, and find that during the Years mentioned in the said Memorial the several Quantities of Timber were sold in the Forests of Alice Holt and Woolmer, and for the Sums mentioned in

the said Memorial; and I also find, that the Propor-. tion of One Fifth Part of the said Sums due to her Ladyship, in lieu of the Lops, Tops, and Bark of the said Timber, and also the Sum of 130/. per Annum for Keepers Salaries, have not been paid, but remain- in Arrear for the whole Time of Sir Edmund Thomas's holding the said Office of Surveyor.

General.

That at the Time' I last came into His Majesty’s Service, I found that there were several Works and Repairs unfinished, and absolutely necessary to be carried on, to prevent their going to Decay; and, there being no Money in Hand to be delivered over to me, I was under a Necessity of applying the Money raised by the Falls made under my Directions for the Purposes last mentioned.

That a Fall of Timber has. lately, been made, under my Directions, by the Aid of which I shall be enabled \o discharge the Money due from me to her Ladyship, which shall be done so soon as the Money is received,

That

i -J

A. 1790.

156 24° Februnrn.

That in regal’d to the several Sums which, during the Time Sir Edmund Thomas held the Office, ought to have been paid to her Ladyship, and which are in Arrear, and amount to 856 /. I humbly propose, if your Lordships approve thereof, that the same be raised at the next Fall, and paid to her Ladyship so soon as the same is received by me. *

June 25, 1770.

N* 12.

Sir,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury having had under their Consideration your Report on the Memorial of the Countess of Keeper of the Forest of Alice Holt and , in the County of Southampton, their Lordships are pleased to direct you forthwith to discharge the Arrears due to her, as well on Account of the Fifth Part of the Timber felled in the said Forest, as of the Keeper’s Salaries incurred both in your Time and in that of Sir Edmund Thomas, out of the first Monies that shall come to your Hands, arising from the Sale- of Timber, and in future regularly to pay the growing Salaries as they become due.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Treasury Chambers, Grey Cooper.

the 6th July 1770.

To John Pitt, Esq*. Surveyor _

General of His Majesty’s Woods.

N* 13.

After our hearty Commendations: Whereas John Pitt, Esqr; Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, hath represented, that the late Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, by virtue of his Office of Lieute-

nant or Keeper of the Forest or Chase of Alice Holt and Wolmer, in the County of , was en-

titled to One Fifth Part of the Produce of all Timber sold by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods in the said Forest, in lieu of the Top, Lop, and Bark thereof, and also to the Yearly Sum of One hundred and Thirty Pounds for the Keeper’s Salaries, to be paid by the said Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods; that Payments have accordingly been made by the said John Pitt, and his Predecessor Sir Edmund , of the Fifth Part of the Timber sold in the said Forest, and also of the said Salary of One hundred and Thirty Pounds; and praying that we would grant our Warrant to you, to allow in his Accounts, and in the Accounts of Sir Edmund Thomas, the Sums which have been paid on the above Service: These are to authorize and require you, in passing the Accounts of the said Sir Edmund, and of John Pitt, Esq'; the present Surveyor General of the Woods, to allow all such Sums of Money as shall appear to you to have been paid on Account of One Fifth' Part of the Produce of all Timber sold in the Forest or Chace of Alice Holt and Wolmer, and also of the Yearly Allowance of One hundred and Thirty Pounds for the Keeper’s Salaries; and that you do also allow, in the future Accounts of the said John Pitt, as Surveyor General of the Woods, such Payments on the aforesaid Service as shall appear to you to have been made; and this shall be as well to you and to all others concerned in passing the Accounts of the said Sir Edmund Thomas, and of the said John Pitt, Esqr; of the said several Payments, a sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 24 Mar. 1777.

C. Townsend. Beauchamp. C.JV. Cornwall.

To our very loving Friend, Ja‘ West, Esqr. Auditor of His Majesty’s Land Revenue.

N*'i4,

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Memorial of the Right honourable Mary Countess of Hillsborough:

Sheweth,

That your Memorialist, as Lieutenant or Ranger of His Majesty’s Forest or Chace of Alice Holt and Woolmer, in the County of Southampton, lately presented a Memorial to your Lordships, praying, for the Reasons therein contained, that your Lordships would be pleased to order that no more Timber might be cut in the said Forest, until the Right therein mentioned, claimed by the People of Frensham, had been determined by a Course of Law; which Memorial your Memorialist is informed hath been referred by your Lordships to the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods.

Your Memorialist begs leave further to state to your Lordships, that your Memorialist, by her Grant from His Majesty, is entitled to the Boughs and Branches of all Trees and Wood within the said Forest, cut or thrown down, which your Memorialist hath been informed used to be taken by the Lieutenants or Rangers of the said Forest; but it was found to be so injurious to the Sale of the Timber therein, that for a great number of Years past, long before your Memorialist, or her late Husband, the Right honourable Bilson Legge, had the Grant of the Lieutenantship thereof, it had been agreed between His Majesty’s then Surveyor General, and the then Lieutenant of the said Forest, that the whole of the said Timber Trees should be sold, and that the Lieutenant should have One Fifth of the Amount of the Sale, in lieu of his or her Right therein; which hath been accordingly paid ever since.

That it hath been always usual to sell the Timber in the said Forest by public Sale or Auction, until last Year, when your Lordships were pleased to order Three hundred Loads of Timber to be cut therein, for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, as your Memorialist hath been informed.

That, in pursuance of the said Order, Mr. Robert Briant, the Deputy Woodward, attended by a Mr. Slade, a Purveyor, and a Mr. Mills, a Contractor, went to the said Forest, and marked upwards of Six hundred Oak Trees, which were afterwards cut.

That your Memorialist caused a great many Applications to be made to the Deputy Surveyor and Deputy Woodward, for an Account of the said Timber, that your Memorialist might know how much her Fifth Part thereof amounted to; which your Memorialist could not obtain, till after she had presented her last Memorial to your Lordships, when the said Mr. Briant, the Deputy Woodward, gave your Memorialist’s Agent an Account thereof, a Copy of which is annexed.

That your Memorialist's Agent seeing by the Account how much the Quantity therein mentioned, amounting to 364 Loads and upwards, exceeded the Quantity ordered by your Lordships to be cut, asked Mr. Briant the Cause thereof; who told him that Mr. Slade and Mr. Mills (whom he considered as his Masters) would have a great Number of Trees marked, after he had repeatedly told them enough had been marked to fulfil your Lordships Order of 300 Loads.

That your Memorialist’s Agent then asked Mr. Briant why the whole of the 364 Loads had not been served into His Majesty’s Dock Yards; and why Mr. Mills, a Contractor, was suffered to have 42 Loads and 40 Feet of it, at so low a Price as 38 a1. a Load, although the same was bond Jide worth between 3/. and 4/. a Load; to which Mr. Bnant said, that Mr.

02 Slade

30 Geo. III. C2A° Februar 157

Slade, fearing he might be blamed for exceeding the ordered Quantity so much, directed Mr. to let

Mr. Mills have the 42 Loads and 40 Feet at that low Price of 38#. a Load.

That your Memorialist is informed, if the Timber had been put up to Sale in the usual public Manner by Auction, it would have produced nearly 2,500 whereas, by Mr. Briant's Account, the gross Amount is only 1,074/. lor. 9 d.to which is to be added about 80/. for the Stack Wood taken away by the People of Frenskam, under a pretended Right; out of which is to be deducted 179/. 19#. the Expences charged in Mr. Briant's Account

That if the said Timber had been sold publickly, as usual, and bad produced 2,500 /. your Memorialist’s Fifth Part thereof would have been 5001.; that had your Memorialist taken the Offal, it would, by Mr. Briant's Account have amounted to 382/. ex-clusivl of the 80/. worth of Stack Wood taken away, which would have made it amount to 462/. but if your Memorialist is to have only a Fifth Part of the Sale, according to Mr. Brs Account, after deducting the Expences, it will amount to only 178/.; your Memorialist however, is very ready and willing to take such a Sum for her Right as your Lordships shall be pleased to order.

That your Memorialists caused several Applications to be made last Year to the Deputy Surveyor for the Keepers Salaries, amounting to 130/. a Year for the Year 1776; but he told her Agent that he had no Money in his Hands, and therefore could not pay it.

That since Mr. Briant bad given in his Account, your Memorialist hath caused Application to be made to the Deputy Surveyor for the Keepers Salaries for the Years 1776 and 1777, when he offered to pay the Salaries for the Year 1776, but said he had not Money in his Hands to pay for both Years; and your Memorialist, knowing that more than sufficient had been received, either by the Deputy Surveyor or Deputy Woodward, ordered her Agent not to receive One Year’s Salary only; and the Deputy Surveyor refusing to pay both Years Salaries, her Agent received none at all.

That your Memorialist since she delivered her last Memorial is informed, that instead of 500 Trees, therein mentioned to be applied for by the Surveyor General to be cut this Year in the said Forest; the Application is for 500 Loads, which by the Rule of cutting last Year, will require upwards of 800 Trees, which your Memorialist is informed is a greater Number of Trees than there are in the said Forest fit for His Majesty’s Navy, unless a great many very growing Trees are cut.

That since your Memorialist delivered her last Memorial, she hath been informed through the Deputy Surveyor, that your Lordships ordered the 500 Loads to be cut this Year in the said Forest, before her Memorial came before your Lordships.

Your Memorialist therefore, for the Reasons contained in her former and this Memorial, prays your Lordships will be pleased to revoke your Order for the cutting 500 Loads this Year in the said Forest, and that for the future all the Timber may be sold by public Auction as usual; and that your Lordships will also be pleased to order the Surveyor General to pay to your Memorialist the Salaries for the Years 1776 and 1777 (which she hath already paid to the Keepers) and such a Sum in lieu of her Right in the Trees cut last Year, as to your Lordships shall seem right and equitable.

And your Memorialist will pray, &c.

Sir,

su

My Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea-ry having resumed the Consideration of the Memo-Vol. 45.

rial of the Countess of Hillsborough, as Lieutenant or Ranger of His Majesty’s Forest or Chace, called Alice Holt and JVolmer, in the County of Southampton, stating several Abuses in cutting Timber in the said Forest last Year; and desiring that an Order for cutting 500 Loads this Year may be revoked, but that for the future all the Timber may be sold by Auction, that the Salaries of the Keepers for 1776 and 1777 may be paid; and also such a Sum in lieu of her Right in the Trees cut last Year, as to my Lords shall seem meet: I am ordered by their Lordships to refer the said Memorial to you, and to direct you to enquire into the Facts and Circumstances of the Case, and report the same to this Board.

I am,

Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

John.

Treasury Chambers, 21st July 1778.

Sixth Ip&nd Revenue Report.

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor of the Woods.

N* 15.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, I have considered the Memorial of the Right honourable - Mary Countess of Hillsborough, hereto annexed, and beg Leave to state to your Lordships,

That by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 11th Day of March 1773, all that Yearly Rent of 31 /. 2 11 d.

reserved by Letters Patent of his late Majesty King James the First, for and out of the Manor or Manors of Wordleham, otherwise East Wordleham and West

Wordleham, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate in the County of Southampton, and Parcel of the Possession of the Crown, and also the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest of Alice, Holt and Woolmer, with the Appurtenances, in the said County of Southampton, and all Officers Liberties, Wages, Fees, Commodities, and Priviledges whatsoever to the said Office belonging, were demised and granted unto the Right honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Baggot, Baronet, Charles Townsend, and John Buller, Esquires, Trustees named in the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable Wills Earl of Hillsborough and the said Countess of Hillsborough, to hold and enjoy the said Annual Rent of 31/. 2 s.nd. unto the said William Earl of

mouth, Sir William Baggqt, Charles Townsend, and Buller, Trustees as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during such Term or Number of Years as would fill up and compleat the then existing. Term and Interest to the full Term of 31 Years from the said 11th Day of March, 1773; upon Condition, nevertheless, that the said William Earl of Dartmouth, Sir William Baggot, Charles Townsend, and John Buller, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should pay, or cause to be paid, all and singular Fees, Wages, Salaries, and Stipends of all and singular the Forest Keepers and Officers within the said Forest or Chace: And also to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said Office of lieutenant or Keeper of the Forestand Chace aforesaid, with all and singular Offices, Liberties, Priviledges, Wages, Fees, Rewards, and all other Profits thereto belonging, for the like Term or Number of Years; and also to have and take all Beasts and Animals attached or taken within the said Forest or Chace by any of the Foresters

S s there,

158 24° Februarii 1790.

there, and all Manner of Wood blown or thrown Je down by the Wind, and all -dead Wood, and the; Boughs and Branches of Trees and Wood within the said Forest cut or thrown , and House Bote or Fire Bote for themselves and the Foresters and Keepers aforesaid; and several other Priviledges were also granted by the said Letters to the said Earl of

Dartmouth, Sir William Baggot, Charles and

John Bailer; and they did by the said Letters Patent covenant, promise, and agree, at their own proper Costs and Charges, well and sufficiently to repair, amend, support, uphold, and maintain all and singular the Lodges, Fences, and Inclosures of and belonging to the Premises, by and with all and all Manner of needful and necessary Reparations and Amendments whatsoever; and also covenanted that they would from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter during the said Term thereby granted, discharge, save harmless, and indemnify His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, of and from the Payment of all and every the Salaries, Stipends, or Wages which should or might become due or payable to any of the Foresters, Keepers, and Officers of the said Forest or Chace, during the Term granted by the said Letters Patent; and also that they would preserve and keep the Deer and other Game within the said Forest and Chace, and all the Woods, Timber Trees, and other Trees growing in and upon the said Premises, from cutting, chopping, and Spoils, as will more fully appear by Reference to the said Letters Patent.

Upon a Search at the Auditor’s Office I find that in former Leases or Grants of the before-mentioned Offices, and particularly in one granted to John Mordaunt, Esquire, the ist of February, 15th Geo. lid. the Clause similar to that under which Lady Hillsborough founds her Claim to the Lop3 and Tops of all Timber cut down in the said Forest, is worded so as to admit of a different Construction, and is as follows; viz*. " All and all Manner of Wood thrown down " by the Wind, and all dead Wood, and the Boughs " and Branches of Trees and Woods within the said " Forest cut off or thrown down, and House Bote and " Fire Bote,"&c.

I therefore submit to your Lordships Judgment, whether the Clause in the Grant to Mr. may

or may not be construed to extend to the Boughs and Branches of Trees and Woods casually cut off or thrown down, and not to the Branches of all Timber cut for the Use of His Majesty. If your Lordships should be of Opinion that this Construction ought to be put upon that Clause, I then submit to your Consideration, whether the different wording of the Two Grants may not have escaped the Notice of the Officers of the Crown at the Time of passing the last Grant. It is however necessary to inform your Lordships, that at the Time I had the Honour to be appointed Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, I understood that the Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest was entitled to the Boughs and Branches of all Timber Trees cut down in the said Forest; and I therefore did, for the Reasons mentioned in her Ladyship’s Mepiorial, as I found my Predecessors had done, agree that the Whole of the Timber cut down in the said Forest should be sold, and that the Lieutenant should be paid One-fifth of the Amount of the Sales of the Whole, in lieu of the Boughs and Branches; and all the Timber cut in the said Forest to the Year 1776 has been sold by Auction, and a Fifth Part paid to the Lieutenant of the said Forest accordingly.

In the said Year 1776 Application was made to your Lordships for a Fall of 300 Loads of Oak Timber for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, which I waa of Opinion might be supplied from the said Forest; and your Lordships were pleased, in pursuance of His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, to issue a War-

rant, dated the 19th Day of July 1776, directing 300 Loads of Oak Timber to be cut in the said Forest,-and delivered for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy at the usual Price of Timber supplied from the New Forest; that is to say, 1/. 18#. per Load. This Warrant was issued so late in the Year 1776, that to avoid the Loss of the Profits of the Bark, the Execution thereof was deferred till the Year 1777, when 321 Loads and 30 Feet of Timber were delivered to the Purveyor of the Navy, and a Bill made out to me for the same at the Price before-mentioned.

As to the 42 Loads and 40 Feet of Timber, mentioned in the annexed Memorial to be delivered to Mr. Mills at the Price of 1/. 18*. per Load, it was done without my Knowledge, and very much contrary to my Inclinations, for which Offence I have discharged my Deputy in the said Forest. All I could then do was to oblige Mr. Mills to pay me the full Market Price, at which, if the whole Quantity of the Timber had been sold, her Ladyship would certainly have been entitled to a larger Sum than I think myself justifiable in paying without particular Directions from your Lordships.

notwithstanding the Covenant in the Letters Patent, for the Lieutenant or Keeper of the said Forest to pay and indemnify the Crown against all Keepers and Officers Salaries within the said Forest, the Lieutenants or Keepers of the said Forest have for many Years past been paid the Sum of 130/. towards defraying the Expence of Under Keepers Salaries, and that Sum is now paid by me in pursuance of a Letter for that Purpose from Your Lordships Secretary, when the same comes in a Course of Payment, and I have Money in my Hands for that Purpose; and I have been informed that Lady Hillsborough is in Possession of a Warrant directing that Sum to be Annually paid out of Wood Sales; but her Ladyship has never thought proper to bring the said Warrant to be entered in my Office.

In pursuance of His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, your Lordships were pleased to issue a Warrant, dated the 2d of March 1778, for the Fall of 500 Loads of Timber in the said Forest for the Use of the Navy, which, in consequence of Lady Hillsborough's Memorials, now rests suspended; and the last of these Memorials having stated to your Lordships, that that Quantity could not be spared unless a great many very growing Trees were cut, I have, in Person, examined into the State of the Timber in the said Forest, and I find that 500 Loads of Oak Timber may with great Propriety be supplied from the said Forest; and, in order to avoid for the future all Occasions of Difference with the Lieutenants or Keepers of the said Forest, and to prevent like Delays in supplying the Navy with Timber therefrom, it has been agreed (subject to your Lordships Approbation) that for the future the Timber to be cut down in the said Forest be delivered for the Use of the Navy at the same Price that Timber is delivered from the New Forest, and that the Lops, Tops, and Bark, shall be sold by Two Persons, One whereof to be named by me, and the other by the said Lieutenant or Keeper, by Public Auction, to the best Advantage; and that Two Third Parts of the Net Produce thereof be paid to the said Lieutenant or Keeper, and the remaining Third Part to me, for the Use of the Crown, the same being, as nearly as can be computed, the Value of the Bark, to which the said Lieutenant or Keeper has no Right or Claim. This Agreement I humbly submit to your Lordships; and propose, if your Lordships approve thereof, that, agreeable to the Desire of the Navy Board, the said last mentioned Warrant, directing the Fall of 500 Loads, be put in Execution so soon as the Season of the Year shall permit

All which is humbly submitted, 8gc.

Notf 24, 1778. J. Pitt.

30 Geo. III. 24° .

159

I cannot conceive why the Surveyor General did not Sixth N° 16. charge at the Rate of One-fifth prior to the Year 1770; Land Revenue

but I presume it was then so charged, as the Payment . Report~.

Sir, was made in pursuance of an Order of the Treasury

I have received your Letter of the 23d Instant, to- Board in consequence of a Memorial presented, by Lady gether with the Commissioners Letter of the same Date Hillsborough about the Year 1769 or 1770. The Sums to Lord Stawell. set forth in that Memorial for the Years 1762, 1764,

With respect to the Agreement between the Surveyor 1765, and 1766, to be paid by the Surveyor General to General of His Majesty’s Woods and the Lieutenant of the Lieutenant for Top and Lop, were sent to me by Alice Holt and Woolmer Forest, for the Lieutenant to Mr. Whatley, in a Letter dated 9th February 1768, from have One-fifth of the Timber Sales in lieu of Top and whence I conclude he had paid Mr. Legge in the Pro-Lop, I can only say, that about Five and Twenty Years portion of One-fifth.

ago I was told by Mr. Holt, who had been Head Keeper Lady Hillsborough did not receive, nor has Lord in the Holt Forest for upwards of Forty Years, that Stawell received, any Thing for the Top and Lop of the such an Agreement was made many Years before the Timber felled in 1777; but his Lordship does not relate Mr. Legge purchased the Grant of Mr. Mordaunt; linquish his Claim to it. on whose Information, as well as Mr. Whatley’s (the William Moore's Illness happening soon after John late Deputy Surveyor) and the Entries in Mr. Legges Faulkners Death, and there being but little Probability Books, Lady Hillsborough stated it in her Memorial of Moore's living half so long as he has done, Lord presented to the Treasury in 1778, but I never saw any Stawell did noi appoint a Successor to Faulkner as he Agreement intended, and promised young Moore to succeed his

I send you herewith exact Copies of the Entries in the Father as Head Keeper, and to appoint another to Goose late Mr. Legge's Books, by which it appears that he re- Green in the Room of Faulknerbut Moore having conceived for Top and Lop, but it does not thereby appear tinued in much the same infirm State, and being likely to that it was in the Proportion of One-fifth. 1 have no continue so. Lord has appointed the younger

Doubt of its being so, though I cannot ascertain it, not Moore to Goose Green Walk.

having the Accounts of the Sales in those Years. I have Richard Whorard is not an actual Forest Keeper, also added Copies of my own Accounts with Mr. Legges though he frequently assisted.

Executors, Lady Hillsborough, and Lord Starved.

Salaries.

The present Keepers are,

Wm Moore the Elder, Head Keeper of the Holte Forest Henry How, Keeper of Old Close Walk

and

Willm Moore the Younger, Keeper of Goose Green Walk Goddard is only Servant or Assistant to Moore the Elder

I am, Sir,

Mareland, 25th Jan 179°- Your most obedient humble Servant,

89 7 —

20 — —

26 5 —

|wIncluded in

- < Moore’* the (Elder.

Mr. Wm Harrison, Secretary to the John Sainsbury.

Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

The following are copied from the late Mr. Legge’s Books, in his own Hand Writing.

r 1753- Received from Mr. Phillipson, for Keepers Salaries, and Top and Lop on Timber £. s. d.

March 20 - -

cut at Holte - 254 14 —

1754.

Feb. 12 - - Received from Mr. Phillipson, on Acco' of Salaries at Holte ..... 179 14 —

1755-

Feb. 12 - - Received of Mr. Phillipson ----- ----- 168 18 —

1756-

Nov. 25 - - Of Mr. Whatley, for Keepers Salaries 1755 - - - - 130

29 - -1758. To compleat the Salaries for the Year 1756, received more of Mr. Whatley 200 12 —

Nov. 22 - - Received of Mr. Whatley, for One Year’s Salary at Holte, and Top and Lop due

for 1757 - - - 170 2 —

1759-

March 20 - Received of Mr. Whatley, towards making up the Salaries due to Holte for 1758 - 100

28 - Received of Mr. Whatley, to make up the Whole due for Salaries for 1758 - 1 70 10 —

1760.

July 7 - - - Received of Mr. Whatley, for Keepers Salaries 130/., and Top and Lop 53/. - Part of which, Draft on me by T. Bonham - - - 37 Mr. Pitt’s Poundage - 6 183 - —

1761-

March 17 - - Received of Mr. Whatley, for Keepers Salaries of last Year, with Top and Lop - 1 <0 O OO fH

The foregoing are true Copies of the Books and Accounts from which they are mentioned to be taken. Witness my Hand, this 25th January 1790.

Vol. 45.

Jr? Sainsbury.

A. 1790.

24° Februariu

Sixth

I-Xnd Revenue Report.

N" 17.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Memorial of the Right Honourable Lord Stawell, Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest or Chase of Alice Halt and ,in the County of Southampton.

Sheweth,

That your Memorialist, on the 15th Day of April 1783, presented a Memorial to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, stating,

That about Five or Six Years before, an Order was issued from the Treasury, empowering the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods to cut Three hundred Loads of Timber in the said Forest or Chase; under Colour whereof a much greater Quantity was cut, of which about Three hundred and Twenty Loads were sent for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, and about Forty Loads were taken by Mr. a Contractor, at a very low Price.

That, in the succeeding Year, another Order was issued, to empower the Surveyor General to cut another large Quantity of Timber in the said Forest; but your Memorialist’s late Mother, the Countess of Hillsborough, the then Lieutenant or Keeper thereof, presented Two Memorials to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury (to which your Memorialist begged their Lordships to refer) in consequence of which the Execution of the last Order was suspended.

That Mr. Robert Briant, the Deputy Woodward of the Forest, attended by Mr. Slade, a Purveyor, and the before-named Mr. Mills, on the 3d and 4th Days of April 1783, went into the Forest; and Mr. Briant, by virtue of an Order supposed to have been then lately obtained from the Treasury, marked Three hundred and Thirty Oak Trees, which, in his Opinion, were sufficient to make up the Quantity of Loads directed by such Order to be cut: But Mr Millssaid he must have more; and with another Hammer, be (Mills) marked about One hundred and Eighty more Oak Trees, which your Memorialist presumed he had no Right to do.

That no Satisfaction was made to your Memorialist’s late Mother for her Right in the Trees so formerly cut, nor had any since her Death been made to your Memorialist for the same, neither had any Prosecution been commenced against certain Offenders mentioned in the said Memorial.

That your Memorialist might be considerably injured, if the Three hundred and Thirty Trees, then marked by Mr. Briant, should be cut before the Offenders referred

to were tyied; and that the Public Revenue would be greatly injured, if the One hundred and Eighty Trees, so marked by Mr. Mills, were permitted to be cut, which jCfjr Memorialist was informed would be immediately done, unless the said Order should be countermanded or suspended.

And your Memorialist therefore prayed their Lordships would be pleased immediately to suspend the Execution of the Order, until their Lordships should have fully enquired into the Facts contained in that, as well as in his Mother’s Memorials.

Your Memorialist now begs Leave to state to your Lordships, that in consequence of his Memorial, the Lords of the Treasury immediately ordered a Stop to be put to the cutting of the One hundred and Eighty Trees, marked by Mr. Mills; and soon afterwards their Lordships also directed, that the Execution of the Order of the Three hundred Loads should be suspended; but before their Lordships Directions came to the Knowledge of Mr. Briant, the Deputy Woodward, almost all the Trees marked by him were cut.

That the People of Freruham, under their pretended Right, immediately took away not only the Stack Wood, but the whole of the Tops of the Trees that were cut, except a very small Part thereof, which Mr. Briant secured.

That your Memorialist, a few Days past, was informed by Mr. Briant, the Deputy Woodward, that he had an Order to cut One thousand Loads of Oak Timber in the said Forest, immediately.

That your Memorialist is informed, that the Value of the Tops of the Timber Trees now ordered to be cut, is about Six Shillings a Load; which would produce to your Memorialist about Three hundred Pounds, in case the pretended Right of the People of was

tried and set aside; but if the One thousand Loads are to be immediately cut, the Whole of the Tops will be carried away by the People of Frensham, to the great Loss of your Memorialist.

That no Magistrate will interfere to prevent their taking it away, as they claim it as a Right; and that no pecuniary Satisfaction can be recovered from them, as they are all very poor.

That your Memorialist conceives the Crown ought to try the Validity of the pretended Right of the People of Frensham; nevertheless, if the Crown does not chuse to do it, your Memorialist, rather than suffer what he conceives (during the Continuance of his Grant) to be his absolute Property to be thus taken from him without a legal Decision, oners to try the Right in the Course of this present Year, as he has no other Wish to procrastinate the cutting the Timber, than to assert his Right to the Tops thereof in a legal Manner.

Your Memorialist therefore prays your Lordships will be pleased immediately to suspend the Execution of the Order for cutting the One thousand Loads of Timber, until the pretended Rights of the People of Frensham shall be determined by a Court of Justice.

And your Memorialist shall pray, &c. January 14th, 1784.

N# 18.

CASE.

Some Time ago several Parcels of Timber were cut down in His Majesty’s Forest of Holt otherwise Alice-holt, in Hants, by Order of His Majesty’s Surveyor of the Woods; and the Wood cut therefrom was sold by Order of the Surveyor for His Majesty’s Use; but before the same was carried away by the Purchasers, several poor Persons living in the neighbouring Parishes to the Forest pretended to have a Right to the Wood, and took Part of it, and carried it away. Application was made to some Justices of the Peace, in order to have the Offenders punished; but as the Persons claimed and insisted upon their Right to the Wood, the Justices declined acting against them, till the Right was determined; whereupon an Action was brought, in the Name of the Persons who bought the Wood, against One of the Offenders, which was tried last Assizes at Winchester, when a Verdict was given for the Plaintiffs.

notwithstanding which, upon more Timber being lately cut down, and the Wood cut therefrom sold Ity the King’s Officers, several of these poor People have como again into the Forest, and brought Carts with them, and carried away the Wood which was sold and corded up.'

Q. Whether the Justices of the Peace in the County may and ought not, upon Information made before them, issue their Warrants against these Offenders, and bind them over to the Assizes, or commk them

for

30 Gec>. III.

2'4° Febru

161

for Want of Sureties, as the Right has been already tried, and a Verdict obtained; or what other will be the most expeditious Method to punish these People, and put a Stop to their Practices ? .

I think the Justices of Peace for the County may and ought, on such Information* to issue out their Warrants, and bind them over, or commit them for Want of Sureties.

Ryder.

7 June 1742*

N* 19.

The Examination of Robert Deputy to the

Surveyor General of the Woods in Aticeholt and Woolmer Forest; taken on Oath, the Thirty-first.

Day of December 1789.

This Examinant has been about Fifteen Years Deputy to the Surveyor General in the Forest of Aticeholt and Woolmcr. He was appointed by John , Esquire, late Surveyor General. His Salary is Thirty Pounds a Year, paid by the Surveyor General; and he has no Fees or other Emoluments whatever. He understands his Duty to be to endeavour to protect the Wood and Timber; to discover Offenders, and to get them punished; to superintend the Felling and Delivery of the Trees for the Navy; and to execute all Warrants from the Treasury for Wood Sales, or any other Purpose, under the Orders of the Surveyor General. That as there are no Verderors or Regarders now in this Forest, he has little Assistance in the Protection of the Forest. When he detects any Offenders, he carries them before a Justice of the Peace, and endeavours to get them punished; and there is a Man now in Prison at his Instance, for an Offence done in the Forest. That when a Warrant is issued for a Fall of Navy Timber, it is sent to him by the Surveyor General: Sometimes a Purveyor of the Navy is sent to assist him in marking the Timber, and sometimes not; and one or more of the Keepers has always attended at his Desire, on marking the Timber; and he has commonly applied to a Justice of the Peace to be present at the marking, but no one ever attended till the marking of the Trees for the Fall of .500 Loads this Year, when, at his Request, Mr. Sewell, of Headley, attended; but no Purveyor was present on that Occasion, though required by the Warrant.

There have been Four Falls of Timber for the Navy since his Appointment (viz.); One of Three hundred Loads in 1777, One of Five hundred Loads in 1783, One of a Thousand Loads in 1784, and One of Five hundred Loads in this present Year 1789. Upon the first Two Falls the Timber for the Navy was squared and conveyed to the Dock Yard by Mr. Mills, a Contractor with the Navy Board. The Felling of the Timber was paid for, and the Tops and Cast Timber, and Bark, were sold by this Examinant, and accounted for to the Surveyor General; but the Offal Wood, after being cut for Sale, was stolen by the Country People, and carried off into Abbot's Wood, where Carts and Waggons came and carried it away publicly. The Fall of One thousand Loads was Winter-felled, and upon that Occasion the Navy Board agreed with this Examinant for felling, squaring, and superintending the Delivery of it at the Dock Yard, at Three Shillings and Five Pence per Load, exclusive of the Carriage, which was paid for by the Navy Board. The Tops, Lops, and all the Timber of this Fall, unfit for the Navy, was taken by Lord of which this Examinant gave Notice to the Surveyor General, but does not know what was done in Consequence thereof. On the Three Falls above-mentioned, the Tops and Parts unfit for the Navy were rased off Vot. 45.

by this Examinarft. On the last Fall Mr. Slade, a Sixth Purveyor from Deptford Yard, attended for that Pur- Lan^ heveno* pose, and the Timber was hewed, add conveyed to the , L»

Dock Yard, under his Direction. The Tops and Cast Timber, rejected as unfit for the Navy, were sold by Auction, and the Offal Wood cut for Sale by this Examinant, by Order of the Surveyor General, and Notice given of a Day of Sale; but before that Time arrived the neighbouring Inhabitants came with their Teams, and in One Day and Night carried off the Whole, being Six thousand Three hundred and Sixty-five Faggots. This Examinant detected Two of the Offenders loading a Waggon, and warned them to desist; but they refused, saying the y would have some as well as their Neighbours. . He afterwards got a Warrant from a Magistrate for apprehending them, and delivered it to William Harding, Tything Man of Frensham, who has never executed it, though the Examinant has often pressed him to do it, and offered the Assistance of himself, and his Labourers; and nothing has been done in it since, except that he has informed the Surveyor General thereof, who told him that he should lay the Matter before the Attorney General.

This Examinant was absent from the Forest onf other Business, when the Country People began carrying away the Wood; and when he returned it was almost all carried off. On his speaking of it to the Keepers, and asking whose Teams had been employed in taking it away, they declared they knew nothing of it, and he could get no Information from them against the Offenders: But this Examinant has observed that when any Timber is felled by Lord Order, no

Attempt is made by the Country People to steal the Offal Wood, and that hardly a Faggot is ever missing.

There was a much greater Quantity of Timber growing in the Forest when he first knew it, about Forty Years ago, than there is now: The Trees were not then near so much lopped as they now are; there were k great Number of Bushes, and a great many young Trees nursed up and protected by them. It has been falling off every Year since. There are now few Bushes remaining, and hardly any young Trees are suffered to get up. The Bushes which the Inhabitants used to take for Fuel being gone, they now lop the Trees,

.by which many have of late suffered; and they dig up the Roots of the Trees cut, which effectually prevents any young Growth. He believes there have been no Verderors or Regarders chosen for this Forest since he was appointed, and no Courts have been held. A great deal of Timber has been cut for the Use of the Lieutenant, without View or Warrant, under Pretence of Fuel and Repairs; and in One Year a large Opening was made in the Wood, opposite to the Front of the Great Lodge, quite through the Forest, to the North, to give a View of the Country, and the Timber felled to make that Opening was taken by the Lieutenant to his own Use; and this Examinant saw a great Pile of that Timber in the Yard of a Carpenter at Famham, who then did the Work at the Great Lodge.

Of this he also gave Notice at that Time to the Surveyor , Genera], but no Notice was taken of it, that he knows of.

By far the greatest Past of the Timber in this Forest appears to the Examinant to be nearly of the same Age, and of not less than One hundred Years Growth.

The chief Part of that Timber is past improving and a great deal of it in a decaying State. A great many Trees, he thinks about Twenty thousand, were lately marked by him, by cutting off a Square Piece of the Bark, and marking the Number of the Tree,' the Name of the Forest, and the Figure of a Crown on the Timber, with Iron Stamps. This he did in Obedience to Orders, after stating his Objections to the Mode. Another Method of marking was afterwards adopted, by shaving off the Rough Surface only of the Bark, and stamping Marks ana Numbers1

T t on

24° Febru*

1790.

Sixth on it with the same Irons. But he admits, that he Lan<i Revenue would prefer the marking with Paint to either of those . KeP°rn „ Methods; being, in his Opinion, safer than the first, and more durable than the last mentioned. But the Object of marking and registering the Trees in this Forest is defeated by the Steps taken by Lord who felled last Year, for his own Use, more than Two hundred Beech Trees for Foel, and since, more than Fifty Oak Trees, of those which had been marked and registered by the Direction of the Surveyor General, without the View or Assignment of this Examinant, or of any other Person on Behalf of the Crown.

If any Inclosures are to be made in the Forest for the Growth of Timber, he thinks that the Pruts to be inclosed should, in the first Place, be almost entirely cleared of the Trees now growing the re, leaving only a few, Ten or Twelve, of the young and most thriving on every Acre; he would then recommend ploughing the Ground before sowing the Aoorns, and along with the Acorns be would sow Hips, Haws, and Holly Berries, which would grow up and protect the young Oaks. In selling the Trees now growing, he thinks it would be right to sell those fit for the Navy, as well as the rest: There will, in consequence of that, be more Bidders, and the Navy Board may buy such of the Timber as is fit for the Use of the Navy again from the Merchant He thinks that Two thousand Loads might be sold Annually, without overloading the Demand, or depressing the Price: And, referring to his Survey of the Timber in this Forest, in 1783, he is of Opinion, that the Trees there stated as of a Size fit for the Navy, would probably sell for about Four Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence per Load; those front Five to Thirty Feet Metings at Two Pounds and Ten Shillings Load; the S for era and Saplings at about One Pound and Ten Shillings per Lend; and the scrubbed and dotard Trees also at about One Pound and Tea Shitting; per Load. The Beech he thinks worth about One Pound and Five ShiUiogs per Load; the Ash, One Pound and Ton Shillings; the EJm, Two Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence; nod the Fir, about One Pound ana Five $hidingg per Load, all Girt Measure: But he Blinks, that owing to the Falls made since 1783, for the Navy, being Fifteen hundred Loads, Girt Measure, «pd at least Three hundred Loads for Lord the Damage done to the Forest by lopping, and the little Improvement which the growing Trees have made, the Quantity first-mentioned, as of a Size for the Navy, is considerably decreased, and that there is now, of Trees of that Size, about Eleven hundred Loads less than the Quantity stated in that Survey. Ho thinks the Soil of the uninclosed Part of A lice holt, if the Trees were removed, would be worth about Ten Shillings' per Acre; the Inclosures near the Great Madge worth about Fifteen Shdfings per Acre, besides the Garden; the Inclosures of Old Close Lodge, about Fiftem Shillings also per Acre; those at Goose Green Ledge worth Thirty Shillings per Acre. The Soil in the Part of the Forest called he thinks worth

Foar Shillings per Acre; and he thinks that a considerable Part, perhaps a Thousand Acres, of would produce good Oak Timber, as he observes that there is Oak Timber growing on the Estates round it, on Soils which appear to be of the same Nature; and that the Soil of Oak Hill, and of the Land about

borough Lodge, in fVoalner Forest, where there is some good Oak Timber now growing, appears to be very poor Laud on the Surface; from which he concludes, that there must be a better Soil below it to nourish the Oaks. And he thinks that the greatest Part of the r#st of Woolmer, except the Bogs or Mosses, would produce good Firs. The inclosed Land at Bourn Lodge he thinks worth about Seven Shillings per Acre; hut be is not so well acquainted with the Nature of the Soil nt Linchborough Lodge as to be able to set a

Value upon it He thinks the new Inclosures should be fenced with a good Bank, and Post and Rail, which might be done at little Expence, from the Refuse of the Timber. The medium Distance from Alice Holt to Godalming, where the Timber is shipped, is about Ten Miles; and from fVoolmer to Godalming, about Eleven Miles. The Expence of Land Carriage from Alice Holt is at present Thirteen Shillings per Load: But a Canal is now cutting from Basingstoke to the River Wye, which may, perhaps, come within a less Distance of the Forest than Ten Miles.

(Signed) Rob, Briant.

N* 20.

The Examination of John Adams, of Headley, in the County of Southampton, heretofore One of the Keepers of fVoolmer Forest; taken on Oath, this Seventh Day of January 1790.

This Examinant saith, That he is now of the Age of 76 Years or thereabouts, was born at Linchborough Lodge, in fVoolmer Forest, his Father, who was also bora there, being then Keeper of Linchborough Walk, as his Grandfather and Great Grandfather also were. That upon his Father’s Death, about 46 Years ago, he was appointed Keeper of the said Walk, by the Honourable Ruperta How, then Ranger of the said Forest, but was removed about Five or Six Years afterwards by

..... Mordaunt, Esquire, then Ranger: That he

was afterwards appointed Keeper of Borden Lodge in Woolmer Forest, by Henry Legge, Esquire, who succeeded Mr. Mordaunt as Ranger, and continued Keeper of that Lodge about Four Years, when he was again removed, at the Instance, as he believes, of one Henry Hoult, then Head Keeper and Steward to Mr. Legge, to make Room for his Son-in-Law Henry,

the present Keeper there. That himself and his Father were allowed by Lady How, a Salary of 30/. a Year, and they had the Occupation of the Lodge and inclosed Lands about it, then worth about Five or Six Pounds a Year, and now in his Opinion worth about 20/. a Year, having been improved by his Father and himself; that they received Fees for such Deer as were then killed in Woolmer Forest, which were about a Brace or a Brace and a Half of Stags, one Year with another; they also received One Shilling a Thousand for Peat, besides Eighteen Pence a Load for cutting; and Eighteen Pence a Thousand for Turves, and Eighteen Pence for cutting; and Five Shillings a Kiln (containing about. Five or Six Loads) for Heath, or One Shilling per Load by the single Load: That the said Salary of 30/. a Year was first discontinued by Mr. Mordaunt, who allowed the Keepers of Woolmer oDly what they could make out of the Forest, by the Sale of Peat, Turf, and Heath; but no Persons living out of the Perambulation of the Forest were allowed to purchase any Peat, Turf, or Heath, the Regarders not suffering the Keepers to dispose of any, except to those who had Right of Common. That at the Time this Examinant was appointed Keeper, there were about 50 Head of Red Deer, and no Fallow Deer in Woolmer; that between the Time of his Removal from Linchborough Lodge, and Appointment to Borden Lodge, the King’s Hounds were brought into the Forest to hunt the Red Deer, and such as. were caught alive were carried to Windsor, many were driven out into the Country and destroyed, and the Remainder of the Stock, being about Two or Three Brace, were

given by Mr. Legg to.....Bonham, Esquire, of

Fetersfield.

That this Examinant has heard his Father say, that in his Time a Swanimote Court was held Once a Year for the said Forest, and other Courts more frequently, and that there were Verderors and Regarders regularly

chosen;

24° Februariu

163

chosen; and this Examinant himself remembers at one Time Four Regard ers, namely, Mr. Jeffery of Bonham, near Binsted, and his Brother, Mr. Jeffery of

Issington Mill, Mr. Lee of Headley , and Mr.* Ed-

xpaker of Neatham, all of whom used to attend with the Keepers when any 'limber was assigned to be cut for Repairs, or Wood for Fuel; and this Examinant has often been with them on such Occasions. That the Quantity of Fuel Wood then allowed was, as he believes, ao Cords Yearly for the Great Lodge, and to Cords for each of the other Lodges; and that when any Repairs were to be done, a Survey was firet made by the King’s Officers, to know what Quantity was wanted, before; the Timber was assigned.

That be has often heard his Father say that the Commoners used to give an Account to the Keepers of the Cattle they turned into the Forest; and that each Man’s Cattle used to be marked with an Ear Mark, and the Whole with a general Brand Mark, called The Forest Brand, to distinguish them from the Cattle of Strangers; and that the Forest used to be driven at that Time, to clear it of Cattle during the Fence Monti); and he has in his Possession a Paper, dated the 2d June 1727, being a Notice from George Vernon, Senior, Esquire, and C Vernon, Knt. appointing Monday the 5th of the same Month to drive the Forest, and requiring the Regarders, Keepers, Reeves, and other Officers of the said Forest, to give their Assistance therein; which Paper came to this Examinant among various other Papers belonging to his Father (then Keeper as aforesaid:) — Which Paper is produced by him at the Time of his Examination, and left with the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

That this Examinant also remembers the Forest being driven in the Fence Month Once white be was Keeper, at which Time all the Cattle ware impounded in the Forest Pound in Woelmer. That one Counsellor Guidot., who, as he believe*, was then Steward of the Forest Courts, attended at the said Driving, together with an Attorney from Alton, to swear the Claimants to their own Cattle; and that such Cattle as belonged to Commoners were let out of the Pound, an paying ^d.a Head, called a Fee for the Pound Lock; and such Owners as had not Right of Common in the Forest were fined, some 5 and 6ome fit. fid. a Head each lor their Cattle then found treepassing in the Forest; but some refused to pay any Thing, or to redeem their Cattle, and suffered them to remain in the Pound until they broke out, or were let out, without any Thing being paid for them; and the Forest has not been driven, a6 he believes, for Horned Cattle, since that Time, but Sheep have been pounded many Times since.

That the Owners of several Estates near the Forest used formerly to pay Rents, in Money and in Com, to the Ranger of the Forest. He cannot specify the particular Estates, or the Quantities of Com; but he has in his Possession a Receipt, signed Wm Legge, dated 7th N<nf 1675, for 12 Bushels of Oats, expressed to be for Six Years, at Two Bnshete a Year, payable by his Grandfather John Adame, then Keeper of Linobbo-rough Walk, for Land in Kingsley, then belonging to

him. That he remembers, when a Boy, hie Father collecting several Bushels of Rent Oats, and currying them to the Great Lodge’, but that no such Com Rents have been paid, as he believes, for many Years past.

That this Examinant well remembers, when the Quantity of Bushes, Underwood, and Fern, was so great in almost every Part of The Holt, that it was impossible to ride through them. That he has often assisted the Keepers of The in looking for owt-lying Deer which they wanted to kill, and which Deer, after being driven back to The Holt, have lain concealed in the thick Covers there;- and that this Exwnmafrt has . Vol. 45.

sometimes sought for them, and beat thp Covers Four Sixth or Five Days together before they could be found. Land itevaouS That the Bushes in general were very high and strong; . RePort- „ and he remembers that, when one Thomas Grover was once employed by his Father, to cut a Load of Bushes to repair the Fences of the Ground about Lodge, the said Grover cut off a Cord of Wood from the Bottoms of the Bushes for his own Usfe; and that what remained afterwards were as long as the whole Length of the Waggon. That there were at that Time a great many young Trees nursed up and protected by the Bushes and Underwood; and that very few Bushes were then cut in the and none

whatever in The Holt, without Leave erf the Keepers; and he has heard, that the People used to pay the Keepers One Shilling a Load, until a Dispute happened between One of the Keepers of The Holt and one Mr. Hammond of Kingsley, who, as he has heard, refused to pay the Keeper’s Demand of One Shilling a Load for Bushes cut in the Straytes; which Dispute was followed by a Trial at Law, in which Mr. Ham* mond prevailed against the Keeper. That he well remembers hearing of the said Trial while he lived at Linehborough Lodge, but cannot tell exactly how many Years ago. That after the said Trial, the Bushes in the Straytes were cut more frequently, and in greater*

Quantities than before; and at length came to be cut by all the Country People thereabouts, without any Interruption from the Keepers, and without paying any Thing for the same; but no Bushes were cut in The Halt until those in the Straytes were almost all destroyed, when the Bushes iu The Holt were suffered to be cut in like Manner, in consequence of which there are now ao few Bushes, and what remain stand so thin, that they do not afford the least Shelter or Protection to the young Shoots, nor have done for many Years past, and there is now little or no young Timber growing the re.

That there are Three Tracts of Waste Ground lying on the Borders of Woolmer, adjoining to the Manors of Mill Land, Southay, and Oakhanger, otherwise Chapel Manor, and claimed as belonging to those Manors.

As to the First, this Examinant says, that the Bounds Of the Forest next Mill Land Manor were always reputed to be as they are described in the old Perambulation of the Forest, made in the Year 1635; vix. from the Highway leading to Medhurst along by the Fen Path to Old Thorn, and so to ford. That the Bounds were trodden publicly, acJ cording to the said Perambulation, by this Examinant as Keeper, and by many of the neighbouring Inhabitants, by Order of Mr. Legge, then Ranger, after a Week’s previous Notice given to Sir Thomas Ridge, then Lord of the said Manor. That this Examinant; diming all die Time that he was Keeper there, and his Father also, as he well remembers, cut Turf and Heath on the Land so claimed for the Use of the Commoners, and dug Stones there, and sold the same to various Persons, particularly some to Sir Thomas Ridge, then Lord of Mill Land Manor, and to Mr.

Jottiffe of Peter afield, and was paid for them at the same Rates as for Turf and Stones in other Parts of the Forest. That several Years after the Death of Mr. Legge, and after this Examinant was removed from the Office of Keeper, Mr. Richardson, then Lord of Mill Land Manor, cut the greatest Part of the Timber growing on that Land, and sold the same, and since that Time the Lords of Mill Land Manor have claimed an exclusive Right to that Land, mid the Keeper from that Time ceased to cut Turf or dig Stones there,' as before.

As to the Waste Land claimed as lying within Southay Manor, this Examinant says, That when he was first appointed Keeper, and long before, one Mr.

Heroey was Lord of that Minor; that Mr. Legge

purchased

24° Februarii.

A. 1790.

Sixth purchased the Same sbrfte Years before his Death; and That this Examinartt well knows the Wood called Land Revenue that Lord Stawell is the present Lord of that Manor. in the Parish of within the

"V RePort‘ That this Examinant's Father, as Keeper of Linc Perambulation of the Forest, and remembers going with borough Walk, as far back as this Examinant can re- his Father, and afterwards when himself was Keeper, member, and himself also during all the Time that during the Fence Month, to look after the Hinds, he was Keeper, always cut Peat and Turf on that which used frequently to Calve there, the Wood be-Land for the Use of the Commoners at the usual ' "

Prices, quite up to the Hedge of Blackmore Estate,

which Hedge is the Boundary of that Part of the Forest, and that no Person ever interrupted them, or ever attempted to take any without paying the Keep-

ing then very full of Timber and Btrong Underwood, affording Shelter and Protection to the Deer and their Young. That at that Time the Wood lay open for the Deer, and for all Cattle commoning on the Forest, to depasture there, and so continued during

ers for the same, during the Life-Time of Mr. Hervey, all his Remembrance, until about Twenty Years ago, or Mr. Legge, the former Lords, nor until after the when Sir Simeon Stuart ordered Gates to be set up in Death of Mr. George Wakeford, late Owner of Black- the Lanes leading into Bins Wood from Short Heath moor Estate, near 20 Years ago, when Mr. Wm Wake- Common on the East Side, and from Green Street on ford, the present Possessor of Blackmoor, and other the North Side, and excluded the Forest Cattle and Owners and Tenants of Estates within Southay Manor, all others, except those belonging to the Inhabitants took upon themselves to cut Peat and Turf there of Wordleham Parish. That Sir Simeon Stuart's Estate without paying for the same, and to prevent the Keeper from so doing; and upon treading the Bounds of Southay Manor have included that Part of the Forest as within the said Manor, to the Amount of about 160 Acres, without any Interruption from the Keeper.

As to the Part of the Forest claimed as belonging to Oaklianger or Chapel Manor, containing about Two hundred Acres, this Examinant says, That the true Boundary between the said Manor and the Forest is a small Stream of Water rising near the Corner of some new inclosed Lands belonging to Thomas Butler,

Esquire, in Temple Manor, and running down through the Peat Moor there into a Pond called Bins Pond, and through the Middle of that Pond, in which, as this

Examinant well remembers, there were formerly Two Term of Thirty-one Years. I receive a Rent of

there has lately been sold, and that this Examinant has heard that Lord Stawell is the Purchaser thereof.

(Signed) John Adams.

N* 21.

The Answer of Henry Lord Stawell, Lieutenant or Keeper of the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

I hold the Office of Lieutenant or Keeper by Lease from the Crown, for the Remainder of a

Sluices, one of which, with One Half of the Pond, belonged to the Forest, and the other to the said Manor; and this Examinant remembers when he was a Boy going the Bounds of the said Manor, according to the Course above described, with the

Steward and Tenants of.....Wilcox, Esquire, then

Lord of that Manor, and Doctor Holmes, then Rector of Headley, who, it was reported, was about purchasing the said Manor, or taking a Mortgage thereof. That' when this Examinant was Keeper of Borden

31/. 2 11 issuing out of the Manors of East and

West Wordleham, in Hants, and 60/. for the Rent of Old Close Lodge, without Account, and no other Rent.

I appoint Five Keepers in Aliceholt and Woolmer, and pay all Wages and Salaries to the Keepers, and for punishing Offenders, and all Expences of repairing the Lodges. No Salary is granted by the Lease, but 130/. a Year by the King’s Warrant, paid by the Surveyor of His Majesty’s Woods. The casual Fees or Emoluments of my Office are Windfalls, Dead Lodge he used to cut Peat on that Land, and dispose Wood, Fire Boot, Lop and Top, Liberty of Fishing, of the same to the Commoners at the usual Prices, and Property of the Fish; the Average Yearly Value until the Tenants of the said Manor claimed a Right of which has been about Ninety or a Hundred Pounds to cut Peat there without paying for it, and prevented a Year, exclusive of the Lop and Top, which I have this Examinant from cutting any more there. That had but once, and then a great Part of it was taken this Examinant remembers hearing Mr. Legge say away by the People of the adjoining Parishes, as a (when the Inhabitants of Kingsley complained to him pretended Right. The Messuages and Lands in my of being prevented by his Tenants in Oakhanger from Possession are the Great Lodge House and Land, within having Peat from that Common where they had the Pale or Rail, containing about 142 Acres, oc-usually been supplied) that he had examined his Writ- cupied by myself, now of the Yearly Value of 100l.; ings, and did not find that ito belonged to his Manor, but about 11 o Acres, Part of it, were only Heath, till That for several Years past the Tenants of Oakhanger divided and improved by my late Father: Goose Green or Chapel Manor have discontinued cutting Peat on Lodge House, occupied by Keepers, and the Land that Moor, and none is now cut there, except for the within the Pale or Rail, containing about 43 Acres, Use of Lord Stawell'& Hot House at the Great Lodge, occupied by myself, of the Yearly Value of 50/.; But the Keeper of Borden Lodge cuts Turf there for Old Close Lodge House, re-built at my own Expence, Sale as in other Parts of his Walk, as this Examinant and the Land within the Pale or Rail, containing

used to do when he was first appointed Keeper of that Walk.

That there is another Piece of Waste Land, Part of the Forest, containing about 30 Acres, near a Place called Rackrcell, adjoining to the Manor of Lysse, and now claimed by the Lord of that Manor. That this Examinant and his Father, while Keepers, used to cut Turf on that Land for Sale, without Interruption

about 95 Acres, in the Occupation of the Widow of the late Thomas Bennett, at the Yearly Rent of 60/. No regular Quantity of Timber is cut in the Forest for the Navy or for Wood Sales, but from about too to 140 Cords of Beech Wood for Fuel for the Great Lodge, about 16 Cords for Goose Green Lodge, and about 16 Cords for Old Close Lodge, and a small Quantity of Oak Timber for Cart Boot; of which, and of Timber

from any Person, and he never heard of its being for Repairs, the Ranger takes what he wants at his claimed as belonging to Lysse Manor until after the own Discretion. No Venison Warrants are served, Death of Charles Cole, Esquire, late Lord of that because there were scarce any Deer in the Forest when Manor, about Seven or Eight Years ago, when the my Father purchased it. He bought a great many Tenants of Lysse going their Bounds included that Head of Deer, and stocked it. The Number killed. Piece of Land within their Circuit, as belonging to on an Average of the last Ten Years, is Nine Brace Lysse Manor. of Bucks, and Five Brace and a Half of Does. No

v Hay

Hay or Com is purchased for the Deer. Several small Encroachments have been made, and much Spoil by the People adjoining, Notice of some of which has been sent to the Surveyor General’s Deputies.

No Verderors, Regarders, or Steward, have been appointed, or Courts held for this Forest in my Memory. No Court Rolls, or Records of Proceedings of Courts held for the Forest at any Time past, are in my Custody. The People of particular Parishes claim, and, I believe, have a Right of cutting Bushes in the Forest. The Parishes or Places which have Right of Common are Bramshot, Liss, Greatham, Part of Selbome, Part of Headley, Dockenfield, Binsted, and Kingsley in Hants. There are no Fences against Farnham Common, so that the Commons are intermixed. All Kinds of Cattle are admitted but Sheep; at all Times there is a Howherd, but not sworn. Pigs found not ringed are pounded. The Forest has never been cleared of Cattle in the Fence Month or Winter Haining, or driven, in my Memory. The Deer and Commonable Cattle depasture on the Commons of Dockenfield and Farnham Manors, adjoining the Holt Forest, and on the Commons of Passfield, Stanford, Mill Land, Oakhanger, Blackmore, Broxhead, Linford Chace, Mill Chace, Priors Luce, Greatham, and Kingsley, adjoining to Woolmer. The Deer do not depasture on the inclosed Lands within the Perambulation. There are no Purlieus belonging to the Forest. None of the Crown Lands in the Forest are extra-parochial. The Lodges in The Holt pay Land Tax and all Parochial Dues to Binsted Parish, but those in Woolmer pay no Taxes. The Forest not being driven, it is probable that Cattle belonging to Persons not having Right of Common depasture in the Forest No Payments are made to me, or the Keepers in The Holt, for feeding of Cattle or Swine, or cutting Peat or Turf in the Forest ;but Payments are made to the Keepers of Woolmer, of which Accounts are sent herewith. There have not been any Lands inclosed from the Forest, for the Use of the Lieutenant or Keepers, since the Appointment of any of the present Keepers; nor any Licences granted for inclosing Waste Lands belonging to the Forest; nor any Fines, Rents, or other Payments received for any such Inclosures, within Ten Years last past. I keep no Cattle in the Forest in Right of my Office, but I occasionally do turn out Cattle in Right of Freehold Lands in my own Occupation, which have a Right of Common. The Keepers in The Holt do not turn out any. The Keepers in Woolmer have Horses and Cows that they keep in the inclosed Lands, and occasionally in the Forest. Arnett has,' on an Average, Two Mares and Two Colts; and White, Four Cows, Three Horses, and Four Colts.

Stawell.

Jan. 7, 1790.

Vol. 45.

U u

The

Sixth Land Revenue Report*

Sixth Land Revenue Report

24° Febrm.

A. 1790

The Accounts transmitted with and referred to in Lord Stawell’s Answer aforegoing.

N22.

The ACCOUNT of Henry White, Keeper of Bordon Lodge in Woolmer Forest, of the Payments made to him by Commoners and others, for feeding of Cattle, cutting Peat and Turf, and other Purposes, in the said Forest.

1782:

Peat, 325 Loads -Turf, 340 Thousand -Heath, 8 Kilns -Fern -

£ s. d.

16 5 —

17 -

2 ——

— 10 —

Peat, 367 Loads Turf, 431 Thousand Heath, 12 Kilns -Fern -

1786:

£- s. d. 18 7-21 11 —

3 ——

— 10 —

35 15 —

43 8 —

1783:

Peat, 438 Loads Turf, 302 Thousand -Heath, 10 Kilns -Fern -

- 21 18 —

- 15 2 —

- 4 15-

- — 10 —

Peat, 410 Loads Turf, 455 Thousand Heath, 18 Kilns -Fern -

20 10 —

23 ij — 4 10 — — 10 —

42 5 —

48 5 —

1784:

Peat, 330 Loads Turf, 380 Thousand -Heath, 11 Kilns -Fern -

- 16 10 —

- 19 ——

2 15 —

- — 10 —

1788;

Peat,'423 Loads Turf, 451 Thousand -Heath, 9 Kilns -Fern -

38 15 —

1785:

Peat, 393 Loads Turf, 455 Thousand Heath, 10 Kilns -Fern -

19 13 ~ 22 15 — 3 10 — — 10 —

1789:

Peat, 356 Loads Turf, 385 Thousand Heath, 13 Kilns -Fern -

45 8 -

1782

3 -

4 *

5 -

6 -

7 -

8 -

9 -

Horn Silver, on an Average Yearly Average

- 35 15 —

- - 42 5 —

- 38 15 —

- 45 8 —

- 43 8 —

- 48 5 —

- 46 9 —

- 40 16 —

8)341 1 —

4« 12

- — 7 —

- £.42 19 71

21 3 —

22 11 —

25 — — 10 —

46 9 —

17 16 — 19 5 — 3 5 — — 10 —

40 16 —

January 6, 1790.

I deliver this as a just and true Account.

Henry White.

N® 23.

The ACCOUNT of Daniel Annett, Keeper of Linchborough Lodge, in Woolmer Forest, of the Payments made to his late Father, who died in March last, and to himself since, by Commoners and others, for feeding of Cattle, cutting Peat and Turf, and other Purposes, in the said Forest.

1786: £. s. d. 1788: £ s. d.

Peat, 628 Loads - - 31 8 6 Peat, 942 Loads - 47 2 —

Turf, 561 f Thous4 - 42 2 3 Turf, 484I Thous* - 36 6 9

Heath, 2 Kilos - — 10 — Heath, 8 Kilns - 2 — —

Fern - - — 10 6 Fern - 10 6

Stones - - - — Stones, 60 Loads - - - i 10 —

74 3 87 9 3

1787: 1789:

Peat, 622 Loads - «« 31 2 — Peat, 556 i Loads - 27 16 9

Turf, 489 f Thous4 - - 36 14 3 Tt/rf, 414 Thous4 1 —

Heath, 1 Kiln — 5 — Heath, 10 Kilns - 2 10 —

Fern - - . 10 6 Fern - - - — 10 6

Stones, 8 Load - — 4 — Stones ——

68 15 9 18 3

1786 - - - - £74 11 3

7 - - - 68 15 9

8 - - - 87 9 3

9 - - - 61 18 3

4) 292 14 6

Horn Silver, on an Average - - ----- ----- ----- ----- ----11 —

Yearly Average - - - - 73 14 7 £

I deliver this as a just and true Account; and do certify, that I cannot find any Accounts prior to 1786.

JanT 6, 1790. Daniel Annett.

N® 24.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Timber taken for the Use of the late Countess of Hillsborough and Lord Stawell, under the Denomination of House Bote, or Timber for Repairs, in the Forest of Alice Holt and Woolmer, in the following Years, being the Time his Lordship has resided in the Forest.

Loads.

1778

1779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

Allowing 2 Loads and $ of Timber to produce a Load of Bark -

Allowing as above -

D® ----- -- I I !



D®....

D®....

D®....

D® -

D®....

42

85

65

70

39

42

99

40

101

Vo L. 45.

Cut in the Rind during the above Yeafs, by'Supposition, nb Account being taken thereof....

Loads

Stawell.

Janr 30th, 1790.

; 3° i 841

1

Sixth Land Revenue Report

N* 25.

ACCOUNT of Sums received or allowed by the late Countess of Hillsborough and Lord Stawell, by Sale, or Exchange of Timber in the Forest of Alice Holt and Woolmer, towards defraying the Expences in Repairs in the said Forest.

ABSTRACT;

o

(Q

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

1778

1779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

_ - m m - - £ 11 s. d. 16 6

m - 34 18 7

- - - - m m m m - 67 8 10

26 10 8

90 6 3

8 4 5

- - r m 5 - . - - - - 17 2 7

- - - - - 4i 4 7

43 13 31

21 12 —

- 67 18 9

£. 430 16 si

to

Ch

N* 25.

JL

a r* C/5

I ?g

3

a

ACCOUNT of Sums expended by the late Countess of Hillsborough and Lord Stawell, in Repairs or Buildings in the Forest of Alice Holt and Woolmer.

ABSTRACT:

1778

1779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

Several Articles in some of the foregoing Bills'^ of the Carpenter, Glazier, and Blacksmith, being for Matters not to be considered as Repairs or Buildings, which cannot be separated without great Difficulty, it is thought proper to make an ample Allowance, by stating them at ——

And to add, as the supposed Value of the Carriage of Materials done by Lord StawelTs own Team ——

£. s. d.

550 —

200 -____

£ t. d,

404 17 6

600 5 —

445 19 6 580 8 3 916 19 g 415 9 1 709 18 8 840 — 7

399 to 10i 4u 10 7

1729 3 6

6»454 3 2 f

Deduct the Amount of the Receipts

Balance, being Disbursements more than Receipts -

Stawell.

Jan7 30th,

j79o.

24° Februarii.

30 Geo. III. 24° Februarii. 169

Eyre; which was done accordingly. No Hay or Corn sixth N* 2.6. is purchased for the Deer, but in severe Seasons some Land Revenue

Ash and Holly, and sometimes Maple, are cut for , RePnrl- .

The Examination of William Moore, Keeper of Browse for the Deer, and the Wood after browsing is Alice Holt Forest; taken on Oath, the First Day cut up for Fuel, and sold for the benefit of the Keeper, of February 1790. as before-mentioned. There have not been any Courts

held, or Verderors or Reorders chosen for this Forest,

This Examinant has been employed in Alice Holt since he has known it. No Inclosures have been made Forest about 31 Years. He was first appointed Ser- there for raising Timber, nor has he ever heard that vant to Mr. Carter, the late Keeper, and so continued there were any. Believes that the Timber now growing about Eighteen Years; at the End of which Time he there must have been raised by Means of the Bushes was appointed Head Keeper by "Lady Hillsborough: and Underwood, of which there were considerable He has never been sworn as a Forest Keeper, but Quantities when he first came into the Forest: But the considers himself as a Servant to Lord Stawell, during Inhabitants round the Forest claim a Right to cut

his Pleasure. His Yearly Salary is Eighty-nine Pounds Bushes, and have of late Years cut so many, that there Seven Shillings per Annum, paid by Lord Staioell.He are now hardly any remaining; and he thinks that if occupies a small Lodge and Garden near the Great that Practice is not stopped, no more young Timber Lodge, and is allowed Fuel firom the FireWood cut can ever come of in the Forest. He does not know for the Use of the Great Lodge. He occupies no what Quantity of Timber or Wood is cut for Lord.

Lands whatever within the Forest, besides his Garden, Stawell's Use for Repairs, that Business being managed

nor keeps any Cattle there. He has no certain Fees by James Butt, Lord Woodman, but he be-

or Perquisites, but some casual Fees arising from lieves about One hundred Cords of Beech Wood are Venison given away by Lord Stawell, and the Shoul- cut Yearly for his Lordship’s Fuel; but says, that none ders and Skins of the Deer, amounting, One Year is claimed by or allowed to any of the Inhabitants round with another, to about Twenty-seven Pounds Six or near the Forest. The Parishes which, he believes,

Shillings. The customary Fees are One Guinea for a have Right of Common on the Forest, are Binsted and Buck, and Half a Guinea for a Doe, but he does not Kingsley: The Inhabitants of in the Parish

always receive them. He has some Profit from the of Frensham, and of Wrecclesham, in the Parish of Sale of Browse Wood cut for the Deer, which is, One Famham, also claim a Right to intercommon on the Year with another, about Six Cords, worth about Forest, and turn in their Cattle; but whether they have Eight Shillings per Cord, above the Expence of cutting, a Right to do so or not, he does not know. All Kinds And he says, that the Three Under Keepers of Alice of Cattle are turned into the Forest except Sheep, and Holt had formerly One Oak Tree assigned to each of in such Numbers as the Owners chuse to send. They them, by the Surveyor General’s Deputy, which Trees are usually turned into the Forest in the Spring, as soon they commonly sold for their own Use, and frequently as there is Food for them, and taken out when the to the Deputy Surveyor. He remembers One Tree Owners think fit. The Forest is not regularly cleared assigned to the Keepers by Mr Whatley,late Deputy during the Fence Month or Winter Haimng; but when,

Surveyor, the Timber of which sold for Eighteen this Examinant was Howherd of the Forest, about Pounds, but the Average Yearly Value was about Six Twenty Years ago, he used to fix a Notice on the or Seven Pounds to each Keeper. This Allowance was Church Doers of Binsted, Kingsley, and,

discontinued about Nine or Ten Years since, by the that no Milch Cows or Working Horses were to be Order (as Mr. Briant, the present Deputy Surveyor, turned into the Forest in the Fence Month, or suffered informs him) of John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor Ge- to stray from the Highways in passing through it, the neral. His Disbursements are, for the Wages and Form of w'hich Notice was given to him by the' pre-Board of One Man Servant, Twenty-four Pounds a ceding Howherd; who had usually done the same;

Year, and he keeps One Horse (on Land rented by him but that this Prohibition was not strictly enforced, out of the Forest) and about Two Couple of Hounds Says, that the Forest is frequently driven in Pannage at his own Expence, which together cost him on an Time, to see that the Hogs are duly ringed, and if any Average about Twenty-four Pounds a Year. In regard are found unringed, the Howherd rings them, and takes to the Stock of Deer in the Forest, he has heard, that Four Pence each from the Owners for all that are un-when the late Mr. Legge first became Lieutenant, there ringed. Sheep are also impounded when any are found were not more than Seven 'or Eight Deer there in the in the Forest, which seldom happens, and a Penalty of Whole; and that he bought a great many Deer, and Four Pence a Head imposed on the Owners, which is increased the Stock so much, that there were at One received by the Howherd for his own Use. He does Time near Fifteen hundred Head. The Number of not remember the Forest being driven for Horned Deer has been as low as about Three hundred since Cattle, but about Fifteen Years ago the People of this Examinant has been in the Forest, but is now about Binsted and the Keepers drove the Forest for Horses;

Eight hundred in the Whole. The Number killed and that Two Persons who had not a Right of Common Yearly, on an Average of the last Ten Years, is about were fined for having Horses there, One of whom was Nine Brace of warrantable Bucks, and Five Brace and an Inhabitant of Binsted, but did not occupy any Land an Half of warrantable Does, besides about Two Brace there: Blacknest Lane was used as the Pound on that and an Half of thig Backs, and Seven Brace and an Occasion. No Methods are- now used to prevent sur-Half of thin Does, which are cut into Quarters, and charging the Forest, or to ascertain whether the Cattle given to the neighbouring Farmers. The Whole are turned into it belong to Commoners, or not. He be-killed by this Examinant and his Servants, and are dis- lieves that People who have no Right of Common, and posed of entirely according to Lord Stawells Orders, live in other Parishes, frequently rent small Quantities None are supplied for the Use of His Majesty, nor any of Land in Binsted Parish, and under Colour of that Venison Warrants now served. The Chief Justice in Right send Cattle from their other Farms to depasture Eyre, and occasionally his Secretary, and the Surveyor in the Forest. The Deer and Commonable Cattle range General of the Woods, had formerly One Fee Buck, over all the uninclosed Lands within the Perambulation and One Fee Doe, each firom this Forest; which Al- of the Forest, whether the Soil belongs to the King or lowance was discontinued some Years since, by Order not,-and the Deer sometimes get into the inclosed Lands of Lady Hillsborough, but the last Season this Exa- within the Perambulation; but he believes they have minant was ordered by Lord Stawell to execute the not a Right to feed there, and the Keepers endeavour Warrant for Lord Sydney, the present Chief Justice in to prevent it. There are not, to his Knowledge, any Vol. 45. X x Rents

S54? Februarn,

1790. '

Sixth Rent* of Payments m Money, Com, or otherwise, pwid Lard Revenue to the Lieutenant Of Keepers, for the feeding of Cattle Report. or Swine in the Forest, nor any Cattle kept in the Forest for their Benefit, except of Kite Years Five or Si* Cows for Lord' Stmeell, who occupies Estates near the Forest which have Right of Common on it, and except that the Tenant of Old Close , who rents other I^ahds having Right of Common, turns Cattle into the Forest in consequence of that Right. No Lands haw© been inclosed from the Forest for the Benefit of the

Lieutenant or Keepers since he has known it, nor any Licences or Permissions given by them, that he has heard of, to inclose Lands there, or Fines or Rents paid to them for Encroachments on the- Forest and as to such Encroachments as have been made there since he has known the Forest, be has given the best Account he can of them in a Paper signed by him, and hereto annexed.

(Signed) IPilRatn Moore.

ACCOUNT of Encroachments on the Forest of Alieeholt, referred to in the Examination of Head Keeper of the said Forest;, taken on Oath die First Day of February 1790.

John Falkner, at Holt Pound -

Thdmas Trusler, Ditto John Philips, Ditto -

John Craft, Ditto -

James Collins, at Row ledge Bask

- About a Quarter of an Acre in Two Plots* On© in his Garden*

the other m a Field near it, next the Bounds of the County of Surrey, taken hr about Seven or Eight Years,

- About Twenty Rods, inclosed about Three Years.

- About a Quarter of an Acre in' Two Pieces* inclosed about1

Seven or Eight Years.

- A smalt Piece between the Two last mentioned, taken in before

William Motire was Keeper, and about Two Rods more Three or Four Years ago. Three Oak Trees, which stood on the Piece first taken in, were cut down. Four or Five Years since; William Moore sent Notice thereof to Mr. Briant, but the Trees were taken away befofe he saw them.

- A Garden about Five or Six Rods, and a Fuel House built on

it about Ten Years since.

William Stapley* at the Hand and Sheers, I Bate Corner - - - - -I

John Harding, nefcr Abbot’s Wood William AldertOn, at Cradle Lane End John Turvill, Ditto -

William Cole, at the Narrow Straits -John Barnett* Ditto -

About a Quarter of an Acre, and a Stable built on it, taken in about Twenty Years, thrown out soon afterwards by the Keepers and Parishioners of Binsted, but taken in again.

About Five or Six Rods* taken in about Five Years.

A Garden aboutTwo Rods, taken in about Nine or Ten Years.

A Garden about Three or Four Rods, taken in about Four or Five Years.

A Garden Four or Five Rods. 7 „

> Near the same Time.

A Garden about Four or Five Rods. J

John Baker, at the Upper Ehd of the Straits, About an Acre, taken in at different times.

William Prior, in the Straits - About Three or Four Rods, taken in about Three or Four

Years.

Benjamin Beagely, near Old Close

William Buckle, at Blacknest -

James Alderton, at Blacknest -Binsted Poor House, Ditto *

William Woolveridge, Ditto

William Stent, Ditto

Widow Crouoher, Ditto .»

Thomas Over, Ditto -

- About Four Rods, taken in at different Times, the last about

Two Years ago.

- A Garden about Four or Five Rods, taken in Six or Seven Years,

a Cart House near it, built on the Forest, but not inclosed.

- About Five or Six Rods, taken in Sixteen or Seventeen Y’ears.

- About Two or Three Rods, taken into the Poor House Garden

Six or Seven Years.

- About Three or Four Rods, Part taken in near Eighteen or

Tw enty Years, Part only about Two Years.

- A Pig Stye and Part of a Garden, aboutTwo Rods, taken in

about Four or Five Years.

- A Pig Stye and about Two Rods of Ground taken in about

Twenty Years.

- About Four or Five Rods, next to the last mentioned, taken in

about Five or Six Weeks.

(Signed) IViU'uUm Moore.

N# 27.

The Examination of Hairy Him, one of the Keepers of Abedhalt Foresttaken, on Oath, the 15th Day of January 1790.

This Examinant was appointed Keeper of Old Close Walk,in Aliccholt Forest, about Two Years ago, by the Right honourable Lord during his Plea-

sure. His Salary is Twenty Pounds a Year, and he receives no Fees or Perquisites of any Kind, besides his Salary. He occupies Part of the House called Goose Green ledge, with a small Garden, but no other Lands, and he keeps no Cattle on the Forest The other Part of Goose Green Lodge is occupied by Richard Whorsrd, Game Keeper of Lord s Manors

near the Forest. The inclosed Lands adjoining to that Lodge are in Lord Stawe own Hands; and the Lodge called Old Close Lodge, and the Lands belonging to it are rented as a Farm by William Bennett. He considers it his Duty to take Care of the Deer, and of the Wood and Timber iu that Part of the Forest. When he detects any Persons cutting or lopping Trees in the Forest be endeavours to prevent them, and to take away their Hatchets; and gives Information thereof, and of the Names of the Offenders, to William Moore, Head Keeper of the Forest, that he may acquaint Mr. Briant, the Deputy Surveyor, therewith; and he sometimes acquaints Mr. Briant himself, when he has an Opportunity. The Quantity of Wood cut for Fuel for Goose Green Lodge is about Fifteen Cords for himself, and the said Richard Whorard. He does not know what Timber or Wood is cut in the Forest for any other Purpose. He cannot tell the exact Number of Deer in the Forest, but believes there may be about Five or Six hundred of all Sorts. He does not know how many are killed Annually, having no Concern with the killing of the Deer, which is entirely under the Management of the Head Keeper. There is not any Hay or Com given to the Deer, but sometimes some Ash and Maple Boughs are ent for Browse for the Deer, in very severe Seasons, but this has happened only Once since his Appointment. There has not been any Encroachment made in Old Close Walk since be was appointed, except One, of a few Rods of Ground, by one Thomas Grocer, which was thrown out again by this Examinant.

(Signed) Henry How.

N* 38.

Hie Examination of Henry White, One of the Keepers in Woolmer taken on Oath,

this Thirteenth Day of December 1789.

This Examinant has been One of the Keepers in Woolmer Forest about Thirty-five Years. He was first appointed by the late Mr. Legge, Father of Lord Stawell, and has always resided in Bourn or Borden Lodge. — He understands that there is a Salary from Government intended for his Office, amounting to Three Pounds and Ten Pence a Year, but no Salary has ever been paid to this Examinant, nor has he any certain Fees, but is allowed to take whatever he can make of the Forest by the Disposal of Peat, Turf, Heath, or Fern cut within his Walk.- — That he is not restrained to any Quantity, nor confined to any particular Parts of the Walk, but may cut as much as be can dispose of in any Part of his Walk, and sell it to any Person whatever, without Distinction, whether living within or without the Perambulation, and without Regard to the Palish in which the Purchaser has his Residanoe. No Persons cut Peat, Vol. 45.

Turf, or Heath, but such as are employed by this Examinant, and the Buyer pays for Peat Twq Shillings per Load to the Labourer for cutting and drying it, and One Shilling per Load to the Keeper. The Load contains, he believes, more than a Thousand Peats, but they are not commonly numbered. For the Turf the Buyer pays One Shilling and Six Pence per Thousand to the Cutter or Labourer, and One Shilling to this Examinant, and the Labourer is paid Six Pence per Thousand more if lie sets up the Turves and dries them; and for Heath, the Labourer is paid Three Shillings per Load for cutting, and the Examinant receives One Shilling. — The Heath is commonly used in burning Lime; Six Loads burn a Kiln, and when he is paid by the Kilo, and not by the Load, he receives only Five Shillings for the Kiln. For the Fern he gets such Price as he can obtain from the Buyers, setting out a certain Quantity of Ground on which the Farmer or Buyer is allowed to cut the Fern, according to the Price agreed on. The Fern is used for littering Horses or Cattle, and the Peat and Turves for Fuel. No Coal is burnt except in Gentlemen’s Houses, and Wood is become scarce and dear, so that the Turf and Peat are the most common Fuel. There are other Parts in the Neighbourhood in which Turves are got, but they are not so good as those in Woolmer, the Soil being inferior, and more sandy. His Profit from the Disposal of all those Articles, Peat, Turf, Heath, and Fern, is, one Year with another, to the best of his Belief, about Forty Pounds a Year. In the Mosses, Roots and Stems of Trees are often dug up, some of which are Oak, and others Fir, but none of great Size. The Soil on the Hills in the Forest is generally sandy, some white, some black, and some red, all poor, but he thinks the red is the best, and the black the woret A Plantation of Scotch Fir was made by Mr. Legge about Twenty or Five-and-Twenty Years ago, of about Two or Three Acres. Some of the Soil is of the red and some of the black Kind, and the Trees on the red thrive much better than the rest Some of those Firs are now about One Foot diameter, and very thriving. The low Grounds are generally mossy, producing Heath and coarse Grass; Peat is got in the greatest Part There were formerly some Red Deer in Woolmer Forest, but there are none now; formerly, as he has been told, Cattle were turned out of the Forest, particularly Milch Cows and Shoed Horses, during the Fence Month, and the Forest was then driven, but no Attention has been paid to that within his Time. All Kinds of Cattle are now admitted, Sheep only excepted, and at every Season; the Forest is never driven. Formerly Cattle put into the Forest by those who had no Right of Common were pounded; but that has also been discontinued, and the Cattle of Strangers are admitted without Challenge. No Fine or Fee is paid for depasturing Catde. Some Rents in Oats, as he has been informed by his Wife’s Father, Henry Holt, who was Keeper in Holt Forest in Lady H<m'% Time, were formerly paid, hut he has never received any Oats, nor any Rent of any Kind; but there are Three Persons, Edward Al-berry, James Farr, and John Chuarlon, who possess Cottages, with small Pieces of Land adjoining to their Houses, and within the Forest, who pay small Quit Rents to Lord Stawell — the First a Pepper Com, the Second Four Pence, and the last he does not exactly know the Rent The Land, in all of these Parts together, may be about Thirteen Acres, and they are said to hove been granted to them for assisting the Keepers when there were Deer in the Forest. The Examinant possesses a House, called Borden Lodge, with about Ten Acres of Land within the Rails, worth together about Four Pounds a Year, the Land being of a poor Quality. He keeps generally Seven Horses, Four of winch are Foresters, which go" always in the

Forest;

Sixth Land Revenue? Report.

V"’ " ">r

172 24° FebruariuA. 1790.

Sixth Forest; Three Cows, which go in the Forest all Day, Land Revenue and are put into the House at Night; and generally Report. Two pjg9 or Swine. There have been no Encroach-' ments in his Walk since he has been Keeper, except that Alberry above-mentioned, in making his Hedge straight, took in a few Rods. No Courts of Attachment or Swanimote have been held, nor are there now any Verderors or Regarders, though he remembers, when he was first appointed, there were Two Regarders, the one Mr. and the other Mr.

Jefferey, of Bonham; and he remembers to have been sent by his Father-in-Law to call upon them, to attend in Holt Forest, in order to mark Beech Wood for Fuel for the Great Lodge; and has heard, that they always did attend when any Wood was to be marked for that Purpose. Believes that the Places which have Right of Common in Forest are the

Parish of Kingsley, and Oakhanger, which is Part of the Parish of Selbourtie, and Farm, belonging to

John Baker of Hadley, which is in the Tything either of Kingsley or Oakhanger, and is a Purlieu; he knows no other Purlieu. Stream Farm has also Right of Common, and Moor House Farm and Hopperie, and a small Farm called Haine's and Becil's Farm, all in the Tything of Kingsley; he knows of no other out of the Perambulation which have Right of Common; but on all Open Grounds within the Forest the Deer and Commoners Cattle of the Forest are admitted, and all Estates within the Perambulation have Right of Common in the Forest, which is called Intercommoning. There are very few Oak Trees now in his Walk; one grows at a Place called Dead Water, and is called Grover's Oak, where a Forest Court is said formerly to have been held. There is a Part of the Common near Bins Pond, on the West Side of his Walk, claimed as belonging to Chapel Manor, which Manor, when he was first appointed Keeper, belonged to the late Mr. Legge, who had bought it about Three or Four Years before of one Mr. Chaffinch, a» he believes; and he remembers hearing Mr. Legge say' to a Tenant of his, one John Lee of Chapel Farm, who desired to have that Land for a Sheep Common, that he should not have it, as he could not find by his Writings that it belonged to Chapel Manor; and added, that , he should certainly have been glad to find that it belonged to him, as he would rather have it for his own than be Ranger over it. This Examinant has heard that Bins Pond was the ancient Boundary between the Forest and Chapel Manor, and that there were formerly Two Sluices in that Pond, one of which was managed by the Forest Officers, and the other by the Owner of Chapel Manor; but this Examinant does not remember more than One Sluice there since he has been Keeper, which Sluice is wholly managed by the Lord or Tenants of Chapel Manor. Says, that Lord Slawell cuts Peat in that disputed Part for his own Use at the Great Lodge, but not for any other Use; and that this Examinant cuts Turf there for Sale, as in other Parts of the Forest, but not Peat; but he has been informed by one John Adams, who was Keeper of the same Walk before him, that in Mr. Mordaunt's Time (Mr. Legge's Predecessor) the Keepers cut Peat there for Sale, as well as Turf.

(Signed) Henry White.

N* 29.

The Examination of Darnel Arnett, One of the Keepers of Woolmer Forest', taken on Oath,the Thirtieth Day of December 1789.

This Examinant is Keeper of Linsberry, otherwise Lynchborough Lodge, in Woolmer Forest. He was appointed by Lord Starcell in February last, of the Death of his Father Darnel Arnett, who was Keeper , of the 07

same Lodge upwards of Twenty-two Years, during all which Time this Examinant lived with his Father at the Lodge, and for the greatest Part of it acted aa a Servant under him. He occupies the Lodge House, with about Eight Acres of Arable Land, Seven Acres of Meadow-, and about One hundred and Ten Acres of rough Forest Ground, all of a poor Soil,*and not worth more than Nine or Ten Pounds a Year. He usually keeps about Four Cow’s, and Two nr Three Pigs, for the Use of his Family, and a Mare and Colt upon the Forest, and no more. He receives no Salary, nor any Rents or other fixed Payments; and his only Profits arise from Peat, Turf, Heath, Fern, and Stones, of which he has the Liberty of selling as much as he can. The Average Amount of these Profits he believes to be about Fifty Pounds a Year at the most, out of which he pays Five Pounds a Year to an Assistant (one William who

lives in a small House called Woolmer Pond House, and for the Wages and Board of a Boy who lives with him about Thirteen or Fourteen Pounds a Year, and he keeps One Horse, which costs him abont Nine or Ten Pounds a Year. There are no Deer in Woolmer Forest, nor have been since he has known it; but there are several People in the Neighbourhood who remember when there was a considerable Number of Red Deer there. There have not been any Courts held for the Forest, nor Verderors or Regarders appointed, since he has been employed there. There is some Oak Timber growing on a Tract of Ground of about Fifty Acres, called Oak Hills (or Holly Hills) near his Lodge, and in the Fences of his inclosed Grounds, in Number about One hundred and Eifty or Two hundred Trees, whereof about Twelve or Fourteen are good Trees, meting at about a Load each, and in his Judgment are fit for the Use of the Navy. The rest are young Trees, and were in a thriving State, but have been very much hurt by cutting Pieces of Bark from the Sides, and stamping Marks and Numbers on the Bodies of the Trees, which was done by this Examinant, by Order of Mr. Briant, the Deputy Surveyor. There is no Timber or Wood on any other Part of his Walk, except some Hollies in a Place called Sheer and some Alders and Willows in a Place called Liss Moor, and a small Alder Bed near the Lodge, which the Keeper cuts for Firing and for making Fences; the rest of Woolmer Forest is a barren sandy Soil covered with Heath, Part of it consisting of a reddish Sand, Part a white Sand, and the rest a Kind of black Rock. The best of these, he thinks, is the red Sand, which may be about One Tenth Part of the Whole. There are some Plantations of Firs in Henry White's Walk, made by the late Mr. Legge in that Sort of Soil, which seem to thrive very well; but some Firs, which were planted in the white Sand, died very soon. About One Half of Woolmer Forest is of this latter Kind. The black rocky Soil is deemed the worst, and will bear nothing besides a little Heath, on the Surface. There have not been any Encroachments made on the Forest since his Father was appointed Keeper, nor any Lands inclosed from thence for the Benefit of the Keepers, or otherwise; but the Lord of the Manor of Mill Land claims a Part of Oak Hill as within his Manor, and has cut Timber, and Wood there; and since the Trees now growing the re were marked by Mr. Briant's Order, as before;mentioned, Mr. Hutterson, the present Lord of that Manor, has had his Mark put upon them, and threatened to prosecute this Examinant for marking them as directed by Mr. Briant. Says, that the Parishes of Bramshot, Headley, Liss, Greatham, Amshot, Selbume, Kingsley, Binsted, and Bentley, claim a Right of Common of Pasture and Turbary, paying to the Keeper One Shilling per Waggon Load for Peat, which contains from 1,000 to 1,200 in Number, and for Turf One Shilling

and

173

and Six Pence per Thousand, besides One Shilling and Six Pence a Thousand for cutting the Turf, and Two Shillings a Load for cutting and drying the Peat. He has heard that the Price of Turf was formerly One Shilling a Load, but raised by one John Adams, a former Keeper, to One Shilling and Six Pence per Load, on being threatened by the Parishioners of Bramshot to be assessed to the Parish Rates, which however was not effected. These Prices are paid by the Commoners, but Strangers are charged Six Pence per Load more for Peat, and are not allowed to have any Turf. Heath is cut for burning Bricks and Lime, and is usually sold by the Kiln, at Five Shillings per Kiln to the Keeper, and Eighteen Shillings a Kiln for cutting; but if sold by the Load, the Price is One Shilling per Load, and is cut by the Buyers, or at their Expence, for which they pay Three Shillings a Load. Fern is cut for Litter for Cattle, and is sold at Two Shillings and Sixpence a Waggon Load, if cut by the Keeper, or One Shilling, if cut by the Buyers; and Stones at Six Pence per Load, and One Shilling and Six Pence for digging. It frequently happens that Stems of Fir Trees are found in the Peat Bogs, some as large as a Man’s Body. He has heard that Oak Trees have been

found in some of the Bogs in Woolmer, but never saw any other than Fir. No Payments are made for Herbage, except an optional Gratuity of One Shilling or One Shilling and Sixpence each, formerly given to the Keeper at Easier, by many of the Commoners, but now by very few. All Kinds of Cattle are admitted, except Sheep* which are not allowed to be turned into the Forest, but sometimes stray in from the adjoining Commons, the Forest being open on almost every Side. The Forest has not been driven within his Remembrance, but when any Cattle are seen in the Forest not belonging to Commoners, the Keeper endeavours to find out the Owners, gives Notice to them to take away their Cattle, and threatens to pound them if not taken out of the Forest. Has never pounded any Horned Cattle there, but frequently Horses, the Owners of which, on taking them out of the Pound, pay Two Shillings and Six Pence each for catching them, and the Expence of keeping them while there, and if not owned, they become the Property of Lord Sterwell; but he remembers only Three or Four Instances of Horses not owned, which were given by Lord Stawell to his Father for his Trouble.

(Signed) Daniel.

N# 30.

STATE of the Timber in the United Forests of Aliceholt and Woolmer.

OAK. Different Denominations. N* of Trees, Square Measure. Square Measure*

Loads. Feet. Loads. Feet.

Fit to be cut fors Knees (Girt Measure) 5 Feet and upwards - 1,516 OO <0

the Use of the<

Navy - -[ Trees - 30 Feet and upwards - 18,245 20,916 23

21,602 28

May become fit fori

the Use of the> Growing - 5 Feet to 30 - 15,426 5,984 2

Navy - -J

Storers or Saplings - 1 Foot to 5 12,049 — m. 474 28

Scrubbed and Dotard - 3 Feet to 30 - 45,586 m m m 17,758 1

Total Oak - - 92,822 Measure. 45,819 9

Beech- Trees ... 5 Feet and upwards - 3L433 Measure. 13,912 43

Ash - Trees - Total Ash - 2,444 Measure. 724 37

Elm - Trees Total Elm 190 Measure. 112 35

Fir - Trees - Total Fir - 492 Measure. 106 1

1 General Total - 127,381 Measure. 60,675 25

Copy presented to the House of Commons,

(Signed) J. Pitt, Surveyor General of

His Majesty’s Woods and Forests.

Vol. 45. Y y

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

ABSTRACT of a Survey of the Timber in the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, made by Robert Briant, in the Year 1783; taken from the Original Survey received by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue from William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Representative of John Pitt, Esquire, Late Surveyor General of the Woods. — -Note, The Quantities in this Survey are stated in Girt Measure.

OAK TIMBER.

Navy Knees, Navy Timber fit to cut, 30 Feet and upwards. Navy Timber growing, 30 Feet and upwards. Growing Timber, Saplings, Scrubbed and Unthrifty, Dotard

5 Feet and upwards. 3 Feet to 30 Feet. of 1 and 2 Feet. 3 Feet to 30 Feet. or Defective.

Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet.

(1) The North Side of the Broad 2,480

Walk in Holt Forest - 340 72 20 3,930 1,449 14 749 539 5 2,129 564 22 3,077 83 6 8,320 ®3 39° 33 9

(2.) In the Great Lodge Park and 83 -

Pleasure Ground Within the Pales at Goose Green 52 14 4 174 151 43 " — 273 104 12 " - 275 21 8 9 8 18

(3)

Lodge, and Old Close The South Side of the Broad " " 57 3,496 46 14 m s - 41 9 18 " " " 52 7,326 20 3 28 45 42

£4)

Walk ..... 342 138 33 3,465 45 1,639 1,266 2t 3,700 1,027 48 1,277 35 42 2,234 323 100 42

(5-) In the Streights - 24 3 28 64 40 13 - - 1,520 278 5 1,576 38 3 4»5°4 937 36 80 8 10

(6) In Holt Forest - 758 228 35 6,721 5,'53 29 2,388 1,805 26 7*663 1,984 5 6,030 157 1 20,477 5,756 11 746 160 21

should be should be

5,930 16 846

(70 In Woolmer Forest - - - - 27 26 13 " - - 100 21 8 89 2 16 2 17 24 5 3

Total of Oak Timber in Alice-) holt and Woolmer Forest J 758 228 35 6,748 5,i79 42 2,388 1,805 26 7,763 2,005 13 6,119 159 17 20,493 00 N 28 770 165 24

Ash Timber. Ash Pollards. Elm Timber. Beech Timber Beech Pollards. Fir Timber. Lime Trees.

Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet.

(') The North Side of the Broad

Walk in Holt Forest - 27 4 16 - 10,560 2,767 15 316 61 25 — — —

(2-) In the Great Lodge Park and

Pleasure Ground Within the Pales at Goose Green 42 12 35 m " 86 36 17 135 39 43 " " - 236 34 31 SO 6 44

(30

Lodge, and Old Close 5 1 45 - 10 — 36 2 2 40

(4.) The South Side of the Broad '

Walk - 1,140 221 *9 509 81 13 - - - 5,007 OO to 27 98 l6 38 — --

(.>) In the Streights - 8 1 4 15 — 46 ——

(6) In Holt Forest- 1,222 241 29 509 81 13 86 36 >7 15,716 4,637 31 414 78 13 246 35 17 82 1 9 34

should be

15,717

(7.) In Woolmer Forest - 18 2 23 — — " — —

Total of Ash, Elm, Beech, and Fir I

l imber, and Lime Trees, in Aliceholt and Woolmer Forest >1,222 241 29 509 8t 13 104: 38 40 15,716 4,637 31 414: 78 13 246 35 17 82 9 34

Memorandum. — It appears on comparing the above Abstract, taken from the Original Survey, with the Account presented to the House of Commons in 1783, abstracted from the same Survey, that the Sixth Liue.

being the Total in Holt Forest, was by Mistake added as a separate Article; and that the Number of Loads in the Survey being given in Girt Measure, an Addition of One Half of that Number was afterwards made, in order to state the Quantities in Square Measure (Two Loads Girt Measure being equal to Three Loads Square) by means of which Error, the Quantity of Timber WHS represented to be nearly Twice the real Amount, according to the Original Survey (viz*J

24° Februarn. A. 1790.

OAK TIMBER.

g

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

<3

ft

C

Wavy Knees, 5 Feet and upwards. Navy Timber fit to cut, 30 Feet and upwards.

Total of Oak Timber in Aliceholt and Woolmer Forest, as above - - , Ends. 758 Loads. Feet. 228 35 Ends. 6,748 Loads. Feet. 5,179 42

The same Total added by Mistake, as a separate Article - 758 228 35 457 20 6,721 5,153 29

\ 1,516 13,469 10,333 21

/.A

add £ 228 35 -(v;

Addition to shew the Quantity in Square Measure 00 686 5

Navy Timber growipg, 30 Feet and upwirds. Growing Timber, 3 Feet to 30 Feet Saplings, of 1 and *i Feet.. Scrubbed and Unthrifty, 3 Feet to 3b Feet Dotard or Defective.

Ends. Loads. Feet Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Lodds. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet.

2,388 1,805 26 7,763 2,005 *3 6,119 should be 6,019 159 17 20,403 5,758 28 770 should he 870 165 24

2,388 1,805 26 7,663 1,984 5 6,030 157 1 20,477 5,756 11 746 160 21

4,776 13,469 3,6it io,333 l,6l6 40,970 325 11,514 A K

2 i\ (v) 15,426 3,989 18 (v) 1.2,049 316 18 40,970 11,514 39 T’J 39

18,245 13,944 23 shdnld be 1 42,686 / (v) 45,586 11,840 34

add £ 6,972 11 add £ L994 34 add £ 158 add { 5,92o 17

00 20,916 34 (O 5,984 2 (V-) 474 27 00 17,761 1

O

w

o

And the like EiTor was made, in stating the Quantities of Ash, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber;

Total of Ash, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, and Lime Trees, in Aliceholt and Woolmer Forest, as above -

The same Total added by Mistake, as a separate Article -

(v)

N.B. — The Totals marked (v) are the same as in the Account delivered to the House of Commons. The Ash and Beech, Pollards, and Lime Trees, were not stated in that Account.

Addition, to shew the Quantity in Square Measure

Ash Timber. Ash Pollards.

Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet.

1,222 241 29 509 81 13

1,222 241 29 509 81 13

2,444 483 8 1,018 162 26

add £ 241 29

(v) 724 37

Elm Timber. Beech Timber. Beech PoHards. Fir Timber. Lime Trees.

Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet. Ends. Loads. Feet

104 38 40 15.716 should be 15.717 4,637 31 414 78 13 .246 35 17 82 9 34

86 36 17 15,716 4,637 31 414 78 13 246 35 17 82 9 34

(v)i9° 75 7 00 31,433 9,275 12 828 156 26 (v) 492 70 34 164 19 18

add £ 37 28 add £ 4,637 31 add £ 35 17

00 112 35 (v) 13,912 43 (v) 106 1 *

Pja-

*0 £8 X

? I "

e

to

<V*

T

PS*

o* s

a

Ot

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

N* 32.

COMPUTATION of the Value of the Timber in the Forests of and according to the

Survey thereof made in the Year 1783, at the Prices mentioned in Mr. s Examination, N° 19.

Kinds of Timber.

Loads. Feet.

f 228 35 j

Navy l imber - 5.179 42 \ [ 1,805 26 J

Timber from 3 ft. to 30 ft.

1 Saplings - -

[ Scrubbed and Dotard - / 5.758 28 \ I 165 24 /

Quantities. Price per Load. Gross Value.

Loads. Feet. £ L i £. d.

7,214 3 426 29,758

2,005 13 2 10 — 5,013 3 —

159 17 1 10 — 239 — 2

5,924 2 1 10 — 8,886 1 2

£. 43,896 4 4

Ash - »

Elm -

Beech

Fir -Lime Trees -

241

81

4,637

78

29

13

3i

13

322 42

38 40

4,715 44

35 17 9 34

Deduct the Value of 1,100 Loads of Navy Timber, which Mr. the Forest may have lost since 1783 -

1 10 — 214 1 5 —

1 5 —

Briant supposes

Estimated Value of the Timber in January 1790 -

484 5 2 80 3 9 5,894 17 —

44 3 6

50,399 !3 9 4,537 10 — 45,862 3 9

9

K* 33.

Famham, 31st of December, 1789.

Gentlemen,

In Obedience to your Directions of the 21st Instant,

I have attentively looked over the Forests of Aliceholt and Woolmer, and have considered the Nature of the Soil; and am of Opinion, That every Part of Aliceholt would produce Oak Trees of a Size and Quality fit for Naval Purposes, if properly managed. — The Trees now standing thereon are mostly Oak, some Beech, and a few Ash; and I judge to be nearly all of the same Age, and the greatest Part arrived at Maturity, and of course will not improve by standing longer.

From the present Appearance of this Forest, I am inclinable to believe, that the greatest Part of the Trees now standing thereon were originally raised by one general Inclosure of the whole Forest, as most of them appear to be of the same standing, which I suppose to be about 115 or 120 Years; and I cannot discover the Traces of either Banks or Ditches in the interior Parts, or any Appearances whatever of separate Inclosures, or if there were originally no Inclosure, the Bushes and Underwood must have been carefully preserved. The Trees were brought up very close together, and not being thinned from Time to Time, as they ought to have been, is the Reason why they are generally no larger at present.

There are not now any Inclosures in this Forest for raising of Timber, or very little Timber in Succession, nor is it possible there should, as the Bushes and Underwood of all Kinds, which are the Nurses and

Protectors of Timber, are destroyed by the adjacent Inhabitants as soon as they come up.

Though there are vast Numbers of Oak Trees standing in this Forest arrived at their full Growth, by far the greatest Part is not of a Size or fit for the Navy, owing to the Causes before observed; and a great Number of them are much injured by lopping, particularly on the South East, South, South West, and West Parts of the Forest, adjoining to the Parishes of Kingsley, Binstead, Famham, and 'Bently.

From the Account of the Survey taken of the Timber in this Forest in the Year 1783, and considering what has been felled since that Time for the Navy, together with the present Appearance of the Timber,

I am of Opinion, that about Two hundred Loads may be supplied from thence Annually for the Use of the Navy, for a few Years, exclusive of what Planking Timber may arise, which I suppose would be very considerable; and I would recommend that Six or Seven hundred Trees be felled Annually for Sale, reserving all such as should be found fit to make or 3 Inch Plank for the Navy, and to be converted in the Forest, in order to lessen the Expence of Carriage; and to send none to the King’s Yards but such as was good and fit for the Service. — In making such Annual Falls 1 would propose to begin, and so go on, in those Places where the Trees are most given out, or quite done growing, or most abused by lopping, and entirely clear the Ground as I went on, reserving all such Trees as should be found fit for the Navy to go towards making Part of the Two hundred Loads to be supplied Annually, besides all such as were fit to be cut for Plank; and I would recom-

04 mend

30CrEO.HI. 24° Fe'brtiarii.

177

rmdnd the'making of Inclosures as the Land became Vacant, and in such Parts as are already so, and that they should be well attended to; without which (or a Toted Stop put to the cutting of the Bushes) a few Years must put a' Period to this Forest as a Nursery of Timber for the Navy; yet if a Stop could be put to the Abuses, and voting Timber; propetly cultivated and well managed, this ^Forest may beiinade of great Benefit to the Country, by yielding a lasting ‘Supply of Naval Timber, probably a Thousand Loads a Year.

The Average Distance of this Forest to the nearest Wharf (which is Godalming) is Ten Miles, and the Timber' carried thither at 13 Shillings per Load, and from thence to Deptford at 14 Shillings per Load more, the Hewing 1 s. 6d.per Load; the whole Expence, from the Felling to the Delivery, 1 /. 8$. 6d.

The most glaring Abuses now prevailing in this Forest, are the neighbouring Inhabitants going into the Woods, and constantly destroying the Bushes and Underwood of all Kinds as fast as they come up, so that there are none to be seen in any Part of it; the lopping and topping the Trees in a most shameful Manner, particularly in those Places mentioned before; they also claim a Right to the Roots of all Trees, and constantly grub them up as soon as the Trees are felled; also the stealing of Trees is not the least evil Practice in this Forest; and I presume that the Practice of Lord Stawell's People cutting Trees without Limita-

tion, View or Assignment, or giving any Account of what they do cut, or for what Purpose, must be considered also as an Abuse. As I was looking over the Forest, I saw 37 Oak Trees just felled by his Lordship’s People, with the Rind on, that would square about 30 Feet a Tree one with another. There are a few Encroachments in this Forest, which I suppose are pointed out in the Plan that has been taken. — I beg to remark, that if all this Forest was at some Time or other inclosed for the raising of Timber, which its present Appearance strongly indicates, there could be then no Claims upon it, or they must have been for a Time suspended; and if the Trees were1 brought up Without being inclosed (which is not likely) the Bushes alnd Underwood must have been preserved, otherwise it was impossible the Trees could have got up in the Manner they have; in this Case the Inhabitants must have been restrained from cutting them, and consequently had no Right to do so.

There are but a very few Oak Trees in Woolmer Forest; most of the Land is quite barren, being a sandy Soil, though there are some Parts of it that would produce Oak Trees, and Inclosures for that Purpose may be made with Advantage; and it is to be observed, that Fir Trees will grow in all Parts of it; some few, that were planted about 25 Years ago, by Government, are now in a very thriving State. The Average Distance of this Forest to the nearest Wharf (which is is

about Eleven Miles.

As I think it my Duty to endeavour to give every Information on this Subject in my Power, I shall be ready to answer any Questions you may be pleased to ask me.

And am,

Gentlemen,

with milch Respect, your most humble Servant,

The Commissioners Th<? Nichols.

bf the Land Revenue.

N*34-

Bedbridge, 17th of January 1790.

Gentlemen,

In Obedienee-to your Directions of the 1 ith Instant, I have considered of what Mr. Briant has proposed, relative to the selling of the Timber in Aliceholt Forest.

As most of the Timber in that Forest is at full Maturity, and will not improve by standing, but on the contrary get worse, and but a small Part of it fit for the Navy, nor ever will be; and considering the constant and many Depredations that are committed, and the very small Income it now brings to the Crown, owing to the extreme bad Mode of Management;

I am clearly of Opinion, that if all the Timber in this Forest was divided as near as could be into Ten Parts, and One of those Parts sold to the Merchants Yearly, and so on till the Whole was cleared away, leaving only a few Trees standing to spread Seed, at the same Time taking Care to make Inclosures for raising more in its Stead, that it would be the most advantageous Way of disposing of it, for the Benefit of the Public, and what, I believe, every Individual would do, was it his own Property.

That Part of the Timber which is fit for the Navy would most likely be sold again to the Navy Board, and at a Price on the Whole not much above w’hat is now given for it. — If not, the India Company would have it, who are now become Competitors with Government for large 'limber, and whose Market will be supplied, so long as there is any to be got in the Kingdom on private Estates, and Things remain on the Footing as at present.

Should the Mode of selling the Timber in this Forest to the Merchants, as proposed, be approved of, I would humbly recommend that after fixing on die Part where the first Fall is intended to be made, that the Trees should be numbered progressively till the Number was marked as intended to be felled for the first Part; and an Account taken, and put in different Classes, according to the Sizes and Quality of the Trees, with the estimated Content of each Tree, put against the Numbers, and the Value Load set against each Class; by this the Value of the whole Lot would be obtained, and the Numbers would be a Check against Abuses; but before felled each Tree should be marked on the Claw with the broad Arrow Hammer. The Lot to be put up to Auction to be sold standing; and should not the Value of it be offered, it may be afterwards sold privately, or left standing till the Value was offered, which I presume would soon be.

In all Cases were Goods are intended to be sold by Auction, or privately, the real Value of them should be first obtained, in order to guard against any Combinations in the Bidders.

I am,

Gentlemen,

with much Respect, your most humble Servant,

Thot Nichols.

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Sixth Land Revenue Report.

L V

Vol. 45.

Z z

N* 35-

J

X a.

S X--

If"

? S er

0

c

ABSTRACT of the Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of His Majesty’* Navy within the Forest of Aliceholt and Woolmer, and of Wood Sales there, from the Year 1761 to 1786,

both inclusive; taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

RECEIPTS.

NAVY TIMBER.

By Navy Bills, for the Value of 1,777 Loads and 15 Feet of Oak Timber, felled for the Use of the Navy in the said Forest, from 1776 to 1784, at 1/. 18$. per Load (no Timber having been felled there for the Use of the Navy,between the Years 1700 and 1776) the Sum of -By Sale of 79 Loads and 31 Feet of Oak Timber and small Crooks, at 50s. per Load -By Sale of 301 Loads and 89 Yards of Bark -By Sale of the Tops of one Fall of 300 Loads in 1777, and of defective Trees -

By Sale of 102 Cords and J of a Cord of Wood -

Disbursements paid out of the Produce of Navy Timber, as per Contra ——

Balance of Navy Timber -

WOOD SALES.

By Sale of divers Quantities of dotard and decayed Trees felled in the said Forest, from 1761 to 1774 inclusive (no Wood Sales having been made there since 1774) the Sum of ——

Salaries and other Disbursements charged in the Accounts of Wood Sales, as per Contra -

£. s. d.

3,376 17 2 199 — 6

346 — 10

84 2 1

77 11 —

4,083 11 7

1,187 10 41

4,238 3 —

4,9H 16 4

Surplus of Disbursements charged in the Wood Sale Accounts, to be deducted from the Net Produce of the Navy Timber -General Balance of the Navy Timber and Wood Sale Accounts, from 1761 to 1786 - -- --....

Note. — From the above Balance is to be deducted the Amount of the Fee Farm Rent of 31 /. 2 s. 11 per Ann. issuing out of the Manor of Wordleham, granted to the Lieutenant towards Payment of Salaries to the Under Keepers, from 1761 to 1786 -

The remaining Balance^shews the clear Produce of the Forest during those 26 Years to be - -- £.

t. d.

2,896 1 2 f

673 13 4

2,222 7 10 f

809 15 10

1,412 12

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences incurred in the marking, setting out, felling, and selling Tember, &c. within the Period of this Account -

Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20$. per Day-for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of Warrants for felling the said Timber Surveyor General’s Allowance on Monies received, at 12 per Pound ——

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bill in 1776 Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for his Charges in passing the same through the several Offices Paid Robert Briant his Salary as Woodward of the said Forest, from 18 February 1770 to 30th January 1786, at 30/. per Ann. ——

Paid the Lieutenant, or Keeper, for the Salaries of 5 Under Keepers, from 1761 to 1786 inclusive, at 130/. per Ann. ——

Paid the Lieutenant, or Keeper, in lieu of the Lops and Tops of Trees felled, from 1761 to 1774 inclusive Paid William Briant for his Attendance in the Forest in 1776, preserving the Wood, and attending the Justices on the Prosecution of Wood Stealers - -

Paid Robert Briant for sundry Expences in 1783, relative to the Prosecution of Wood Stealers -Paid Mr. Oliver Farrer, Attorney at Law, his Bill of Charges relative thereto ——

Navy Timber.

20 -

28 13 — 1211 4

1,187 10 4 §

35

Wood Sales.

£ s. d. £' $ d.

VO 00 ct 16 4 i 144 9 10

35 — — 91 — —

204 3 ' 4 211 17 6

30 3 8

92 13 — 175 5 —

478 9 8

3,380 — 909 4

Disbursements on Navy Timber Acc* -

- D* - - Wood Sales

4,911 16 4

1,187 >o 4 4,911 16 4

6,099 6 8

24° Februarii, A. 1790.

W O O L M E R.

3

F

6

N* 36.

FOREST of A L I C E H O L T and

Dr.

To Monies expended in the Payment of Salaries and Allowances to the Officers and Keepers of the said Forest, and in the Execution of Warrants for divers Works there, with the incidental Charges relative thereto, from the Year 1700 to 1786, inclusive.

By the Produce of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, and Monies arising by the Sale of dotard and decayed Trees within the said Forest, from the Year 1700 to 1786, inclusive.

Salaries and Allowances.

Works.

Incidental

Charges.

To the Amount of the Fee Farm Rent of 31 /. 2. 11. per Ann. issuing out of the Manor of Wordleham, granted by Patent to the lieutenant or Keeper, towards Payment of the Salaries of the Officers and Keepers there, for the above Period of 86 Years . To the Lieutenant, or Keeper, for the Salaries of 5 Under Keepers \ there, from 1700 to 1702, at 150/. per Ann. and from 1702 to 1786, at 130/. per Ann. allowed by Warrants during Pleasure -To the Lieutenant, or Keeper, in Lieu of the Lops and Tops of the Trees felled in 1720, and from 1761 to 1774, inclusive To Robert Briant, his Salary as Woodward there, from 18 February 1770 to 30th January 1786, at 30/. per Annum.

{To the Amount of divers Works within the said Forest, from 1724 to 1754, inclusive - -

' To the Regarders, for their Service and Attendance in the marking, and Expences incurred in the setting out, felling, and selling Timber, peeling and picking of Bark, cutting and carrying of Wood, &c. To the Surveyor General, his Allowance of 20 per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges in the Execution of Warrants, during the Period of this Account -To Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies by him received, at 12 d.per Pound ——

To Receiver General’s Poundage on Monies advanced from the Land Revenue for Repairs ——

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bill in 1776 - - - «-

Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General, for his Charges in passing the same through the several Offices -To William Briant, for his Attendance in the Forest in 1776, preserving the Wood, and attending the Justices on the Prosecution of Wood Stealers - -- .

To Robert Briant, for sundry Expences in 1783, relative to the Prosecution of Wood Stealers ——

To Mr. Oliver Farrer, Attorney at Law, his Bill of Charges relative thereto -

£ s. d. .2,678 10 10 11,220 ——

1,049 4 — 478 9 8 5,267 19 1 1

878 19 8£

508 ——

977 12 — 120 19 11

30 3 8

818 7 7

20 ——

28 13 — 1211 4

24,089 10 10

'By Navy Bills for the Value of i>777 Loads and £. s. d.

Navy < 15 Feet of Oak Timber, felled for the Use of the Navy in the said Forest, from 1776 to 1784, at 1 /. 1 8 sper Load (no Timber having been felled there for the Use of the Navy between the Years 1700 and 1776) the Sum of 3.37*5 17 2

Timber. By Sale of 79 Loads and 3 \ Feet of Oak Timber and small Crooks, at 50 s. per Load 199 — 6

By Sale of 301 Loads and 89 Yards of Bark 346 — 10

By Sale of the Tops of One Fall of 300 Loads in 1777, and of Four defective Trees 84 2 1

By Sale of 102 Cords and f of a Cord of Wood - 77 1* —

Wood Sales, j f By Sale of divers Quantities of dotard and decayed Trees felled in the said Forest, from 1722 to 1 1774 (no Wood Sales having been made there between the Years 1700 and 1722, nor since 1774) n,33i 7 8

Total Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales - - £. I5>4i4 19 3

Expences incident to the Forest, exceeding the Monies received therefrom - 8,674 11 7

r £ 24,089 10 10

./"go

li*

<0

30 Geo. III. 24° Februarii.

180

24® Februarii.

Sixth - i

Load Revenue

Report -


N° 37-

Gentlemen, Navy-Office, 22d December, 1789.

Id Answer to your Letter of the 16th Instant, we acquaint you, that the Navy Timber from Alice Holt Forest has usually been delivered into His Majesty's Dock Yard at Deptford, conveyed from the Forest by Land to Godalming, in Surrey (the Distance about 15 Miles) and from thence by Water to Deptford Yard. — The Expence by Land is 13 s.6d. per Load, by Water 145. 6d. per Load; making the whole Expence by Land and Water 1/. 8 s. per Load.

We are.

Gentlemen,

Comm" Land Revenue.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, February 8th, 1790.

1

Ordered, That the said Report and Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bishop* A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble

Stortford Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and

n d itMion" ot^ers, Inhabitants of the Counties *01 Herts,

Petition. Cambridge, Isle of Ely, and Suffolk, on

Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Navigation is already completed from the City of London to the Town of Bishops Stortford, in the County of Herts, and, by a Survey which has been taken, it appears that the same may be extended by proceeding to a Place called Palmer's Water, in the said County, and from thence to the Parish of Elsenham, and through the North Parts of the County of Essex to the Town of Saffron Walden, and from the last mentioned Place, through the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, to join the Brandon River, whereby Communication will be opened to the County of Norfolk; and that a Branch may be made from such extended Line by a Cut therefrom in the Parishes of Great and Little Abingdon and Baberham, to join and communicate with the Town of Cambridge, and that another Branch may be made by a Cut to fall into the Burwell Lode, already navigable to the Cambridge River, whereby convenient Communication will be opened with the Isle of Ely, and the Counties of Huntingdon and Bedford; and that, if such Navigation, with the Branches aforesaid, are made, the same will be productive of great Utility and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and the Public in general, by rendering the Carriage of Corn, and all Kinds of Merchandize which pass between the Metropolis and the Counties aforementioned, and also the several Towns and Places lying within the said Counties, cheaper and easier than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigation and Cuts, in such Manner, and

Your most obedient,

Humble Servants,

J.

. Geo. Marsh.

Cha* Middletokt, . In* Call,

John Fordyce.

under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Sir Peter Parker, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papefs, and Records.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was West India referred to consider of an Act; made in the Twenty- and Quebec eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Acts, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West ;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits,

" from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The " West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without " Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and " Restrictions," That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of " His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North " America, and in the West India. Islands, and the " Countries belonging to the United States of America,

" and between His- Majesty’s said Subjects and the " Foreign Islands in The West Indies;' and the other intituled, "An Act to allow the Importation of Rum,

" or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec,

" without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions " and Restrictions."

And

30 Geo. III. 24° — 25° Februarii.

181

And Mr. John Smyth moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West dies," and the other intituled, "An Act to allow " the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from " His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West " Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment " of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions:" And that Mr. John Smyth and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring m, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 25* die Februarii Anno 30* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1790.

Praters.

Royal Assent A M E S S A G E by Sir Francis Gen-

to Bill*. Jr\ tleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Leeds, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits

Vol. 45.

in Consequence of the same, and for making further provisions relative thereto:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Crown Pasture and Common Fen in the Parish of tqn, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Stinted Pasture, called Linton Pasture, within the Township of Linton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Gottlob Gotthelff Schusler.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of the several and respective ancient Commonable Messuages in Waterbeach, in the County of Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor; and that it is necessary, for the better and more effectually regulating and stinting the Right of Common in the several Commonable Waste and Fen Grounds in Waterbeach aforesaid, that some Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Yorke, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wemyss presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridge by Foodies Mill, dour, Kirkcaldy, G alia town, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife; and for improving the Harbour’of Kinghorn or Pettycur, in the said County: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Slump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington next to and from Shelford Pound to and for making

more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Ti'umpington aforesaid, and for amending the Road from Chesterjord Bridge to the End of Wittlesford next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the . Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Bridge, in the

3 A County

Waterbeach

Drainage

Petition.

Fife Roads, &c. Bill presented.

Stump Cross Roads Bill presented.

Royston and Wandesford Roads Bill passed.

Samwell’s Name Bill presented

New Chappell Road Petition reported.

Trial of Mr. Hastiiigp.

18® 25° Febmara. A. 1790.

County of Huntingdont, and from the Town of Hunting-

don to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somorsham, in the County of Huntingdon, so

far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from ,in the County of

Hertford, to Wakdesford Bridge, in the County of Hun-

tingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hmgerford presented to the House, according 'to Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Watson Sam-

well, Esquire (lately called Thomas Samweil )

and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Samweil, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samweil, Baronet, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Belham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Waller, the Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum of 3,7551, now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to vary and alter some of the Tolls by the said Act granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing die Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said Coanty of And that Mr. Thomas Belham, Lord George Henry Lenox, and Mr. Kempe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and dear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Wt°M-minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Petition cution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, aSainst the cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, chelaea^au’d and other Places, within the City and Liberty of West- Fulham’ mitister, and other Places therein mentioned, was pre- Roads Bill, sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Comer to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the Coanty of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same, and for several other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Commissioners for paving Westminster were empowered to collect certain Tolls on Sundays at the several Avenues to the City of Westminster in the said Act particularly mentioned, one of which is a Turnpike at Kensington, near the Entrance into Hyde Park, the Term of which Act was continued by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

" passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

" and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on " Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned,

" and apply the same for the Purposes of the said " Acts;" and that by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Parke Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane to The North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, then under the Direction of the Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, Futham, and Saint George Hanover Square, was put under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Placesin

and.

30 Geo. III. 25° Februarii. 183

and, in order to enable the said Commissioners effectually to pave, cleanse, light, keep in Repair, and regulate the said Roads, leading from the End of Charges Street to the Turnpike near Hyde Park Corner, and frdna the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, the Trustees for the Time being, under the Acts tnen in Force, and under any future Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing the several Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, which Roads are now comprized in the Act meant to be amended by the said Bill, were directed to pay to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, add other Places in /Westminster, the Sum of 1,000l. per Annum, which Sum was, by the said Act, directed to be applied, by the said paving Commissioners, in paving, cleansing, lighting, repairing, and -regulating the said Roads, leading from the End of ‘ Charges Street to the Turnpike Gate near Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Street to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the said Parish of Sami George Hanover Square, and the several other Squares, Streets, Lanes and Places, under the Cane ’ and Management of the said Commissioners, and that, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act, the said ‘Street and Road have been paved, cleansed, lighted, repaired, and regulated by the said Commissioners; and that, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given to the Paving Commissioners, the Sum of 35,0001, has been borrowed on the Credit of the Sunday Tolls granted by the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and the Sum of 20,00 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Annual Payment directed to be made by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; the Whole of which Sums now remain due and owing on their respective Securities, and the said Annual Payment of 1,000l. proving insufficient to defray the Expence of executing the several Works, for the performing of which it was granted, the Deficiency of that Fund was, by the said Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, directed to be made good out of the Surplus of the Sunday Tolls granted by the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which has been done accordingly, to the Amount of about 170 /. per Annum; and that the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into effect, would interfere very materially with, if not annihilate, the Powers and Authorities granted by Parliament to the Commissioners for paving Westminster, and would, as the Petitioners conceive, prove highly injurious to the numerous Creditors on the said Sunday Tells and Annual Payment, and prejudicial to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass, as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, m Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

vill proceed Mr. Leeds:

KTeS?. Mr. Speaker,

Trial The Lords have commanded ns to acquaint this

Vol. 45.

House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Hastings. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to W Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, that there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went int Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the several Persons who have there- Peterborough unto subscribed their Names, on Behalf of themselves Paving and others, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in the Pet,tion* Parish of Saint John Baptist, in the City of Peterborough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Passages,

Causeways, and other Roads and public Places, within the said Parish and City, are very ill paved, and badly repaired, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are much incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety, Accommodation, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of all Travellers and other Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, Causeways, Roads, and public Places, were properly paved, repaired, eleanstti, lighted, watched, and regulated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Benyon, Mr. Lionel Hamer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Bowbrickbill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Presente<1-Grounds, within the Parish of Bmi>rickhiil, and

Hamlet

1

184 256 Februarii. A. 1790.

Hamlet of Fenny Stratfordin the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stowmarket Mr. Grigby presented to the House, according to

and Ipswich Order, e. Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Bi*r*re-°n Communication between Stowmarket and in the

seated." County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dudley Canal A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation Dudley Canal Navigation was presented to the House, etition. an{j rea(j. §etting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal within and from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delph, upon Pensnett Chace, in the Parish of , in the County of Stafford, and, in pursuance thereof, they have fully completed the said Canal, and the same is now navigable; and that by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to extend the said Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in the Lands of the said Thomas Talbot to join the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford, and they were thereby enabled to raise the Sum of 22,0001. for the purpose of carrying the said Undertaking into Execution, and, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for that Purpose, the Petitioners were thereby also enabled to raise any further Sum, not exceeding 5,000l. for completing and perfecting the Extension of the said Navigation; and that, in pursuance of the Powers in the said Acts, the Pe-tioners have proceeded to extend the said Dudley Canal from the Lands of the said Thomas Talbot Foley, to join the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canals at Tipton Green aforesaid, and have made great Progress therein, and expended, in doing thereof, the Sum of 27,000l. being the Money they were enabled to raise for that Purpose by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, but some Part thereof still remains undone, unfinished, and incomplete; and that the Petitioners are informed that it will be necessary to expend the farther Sum of 10,000l. and upwards, to make, finish, and complete the Extension of the said Dudley Canal, in Manner as is directed by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, but which they have no Power to raise without the Authority of Parliament; and that, if the said Acts were, in some Respects, repealed, enlarged, altered, and amended, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and enable them to raise and contribute the Sum of 10,100l. for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper, and also to repeal, enlarge, alter, and amend the said Acts, in such Respects as to the House shall appear requisite and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of Thomas Dudley, of Shutt End, in the Donnstonw Parish of Kingswinford, in the County, of Stafford,

Esquire, and the Reverend John Dudley, of Himley, in the said County of Stafford, Clerk (Trustees named and appointed in and by the last Will and Testament of John Keelinge, late of the Parish of Kingswinford aforesaid, Esquire, deceased) Lords of the Manor of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester, and of Henry Cecil, Esquire, Impropriator of the Great and Small Tythes arising and reserving within the said Manor and Parish of Dormstone, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish of Dormstone, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the same Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish of Dormstone, several Open Common Fields, wherein the Lands belonging to the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, inconveniently situated, and incapable of Improvement; and that there is also, within the paid Manor and Parish, a certain Common and Waste Ground, containing by Estimation Thirty Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, have, or respectively claim, a Right of Common, and the said Common and Waste, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid; and that, if the said Open Common Fields, and also the said Common and Waste Ground, were divided and allotted amongst the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, the same might be inclosed, and thereby greatly improved, and become profitable to the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, as well as of public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, and Common and Waste Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montague and The Lord« Mr. Leeds: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An oidBucken-Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fens, hamlnelo-and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Buckenham, SUIe BlU> in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Burton Leo-for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the «"»«! Ipclo-Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York; *ure Bill-without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Camp-Act to empower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to bell’* Road shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, BiB-in the County of Essex; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair, for the future, another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act putsch, Gar-for naturalizing George Pcetsch, John Christian beta, and Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur;without any Amend-

ment: And also, a 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B,erbauin’i for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum; without any Nat. Bilt. Amendment: And also,

The

The Lords will proceed on 22d April on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Slave Trade deferred.

Goudhurst Roads Bill reported.

Deretend and Bordei-ley Streets Petition.

30 Geo. III.

25° — 26° Febru&rii.

185

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday, the 2id Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in

Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Marsham reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, oif the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants of the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Great Road, leading from Birmingham towards London extends through the High Streets of the said Hamlets; that the Trade and Popularity of the said Hamlets are greatly increased, and several new Streets have been lately laid open and erected therein, by Reason whereof a greater Number of Carts and Carriages are now used there than formerly in conveying Goods and Merchandize; and that the Streets, Lanes, aind Passages within the said Hamlets are not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Irregularities, Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and it would be greatly to the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, and others resorting thereto, if the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages thereof, were properly cleansed, lighted, and 'watched, and the Surfaces of the Streets kept upon a proper Level, and all Nuisances, Irregularities, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, removed, and prevented in future, and if Carts and Carriages used in the said Hamlets for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, were Voii. 45.

r - # % put under proper Regulations, and the Behaviour of the Owners and Drivers thereof properly restricted

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before

mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and

Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Laxvley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, . in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons; Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whoses Names are Stirling and thereto subscribed, all Freeholders and Land Owners Dumbarton in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, was pre- Peti* sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Ion* the Road from Kirkintilloch to Springfield Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balwharridge House, to Muck-roft Bridge, over the Rivulet Glassert, and from thence by the present Line of Road through the Village of New Barbrestoun, to the Foot of the Craw Road, from thence, by Fintry, to the Military Road at or near the Town of Kippen, through the Parishes of Campsic, Fintry, Balfrone, and Kippen, in the County of Stirling, and from the said Military Road between Balwell and Bafunning, to Killearn, and from thence to

Strathblane, by or near the Church of Strathblane, and to Milngavie and Garscube Bridge, and from thence to

New Kilpatrick and Drymen Bridge, through the Parishes of Nero Kilpatrick (Part thereof in the County of Dumbarton) Baldemoch, Strathblane, Killearn, Balfrone, and Drymen, in the County of Stirling, and -

nock, in the County of Dumbarton, with the Bridges of the said Roads, are at present in a ruinous Condition, and, during bad Weather, in many Parts impassable for Wheel Carriages, and the Lines of Direction of the same, in several Places require to be altered, which cannot be done, nor ean the said Roads be repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such other and farther Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Newport and the Bill for re-building the Bridges over the River TJske, Caerleon at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Monmouth, Bridges Bill was committed; That the Committee had examined the rePorted-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;' and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the- Amendments, be ingrossed.

B

Sir

Croydon and Godstone Hoads Petition reported.

North Coi-lingh&m Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition against the Lewes and Cuckfield Navigation Bill.

186 26° Februarii. A. 1790.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Hundred of Reigate in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed), viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Midleton being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Purley Comernear , to Reigate

through Merstham, to be in several Places very narrow, and inconvenient, and at Times unsafe for Persons to pass and repass.

That the Road from Godstonthrough Reigate, to WonhamMUl Gate and Buckland Church, is very steep, narrow, and dangerous; that the Witness apprehends the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending, widening, and repairing the said Roads would be very advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Purley beyond Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through Merstham, to the Borough of Reigate, and from God-stone by Redstone House, in the said County, through the Borough of Reigate, to Wonham Mill Gate, and to Buckland Church, in the said County: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing and regulating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Collingham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates, and of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhacen and Barcombe Mill, in the Parish of combe, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the Rive Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others have already obtained Leave of the House to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said 'River, from to Barcombe

Mill aforesaid; and that the said first-mentioned Bill includes so much of the Plan meant to be executed by the Bill prayed for by the Petitioners, as relates to the said River Ouse, between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, and purports, as the Petitioners are informed, to make the Navigation of the said River, between Lewes and Barcombe Mill, private Property, and thereby to charge all Persons navigating thereon with a perpetual Toll, for the Benefit and Emolument of the Undertakers of the said Navigation, which will be a Hardship on the Petitioners, an unnecessary Burthen on the Trade and Commerce of the Country, and of great Detriment to the Public, whereas, by the Petitioners Bill, the Toll will be shortly reduced, so as to be no Burthen or Check to Commerce: And therefore praying, That

they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the said Bill may not pass in to a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at ^he same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Gre«nhU! the Petition of several Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in petition «-the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty ported.

King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Wheatley Roclcs and Tean, in the County of Stafford, at or near a Place called - Greenhill, in the Parish of Cheadle, and County of Stafford, through the Parishes of Cheadle, Kingsley, and Ipstones, to a Place called Botham House, situate on or near the Turnpike Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road leading from Botham House, across the said Turnpike Road, to and through the Township of Onecoat, to or near Butterton Moor End, in the said County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Child being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the'Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 3,100l. upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, which Sum hath been duly applied in making and repairing the said Road, and in erecting sundry Bridges,

Toll Houses and Turnpike Gates thereon, and for such other Purposes as are by the said Act directed — That the Whole of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the.

Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Buttertoti Moor End, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Parsons, Esquire, Mayor of the Lincoln Poor. City of Lincoln, John Brown, and Robert Obbinson, Ac. Petition. Aldermen, William Walker, and Philip Bullen, Sheriffs, Butter Hunnings, George Bennett,

John Proctor, Robert Vergette, and Richard Pickslay,

Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Peter at Goats, Saint Mark, Saint Mary le Saint Be-

nedict, Saint Peter at Arches, Saint Martin, Saint Michael on the Mount, Saint Nicholas, Saint John, Saint Peter inEastgate, and Saint Swithin, within the said 07 City,

30 Geo. III. 26° Februarii. 187

City, are very numerous, and are supported at a And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Vyner,

?-eat and burthensome Expence by their respective &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning arishes; and that the providing of a convenient next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

House or Houses for the general Reception of the and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Poor of the said several Parishes, and granting proper Records.

Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of them, would tend to the more effectual Re- A Petition of Richard Earl Grosvenor, was presented Petition lief Assistance, and Accommodation, of such as by to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for against the Age, Infirmities or Diseases, are rendered incapable more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Em- Corner to Counter's , and certain other Roads Fulham1

ployment of the Industrious, and those who are able within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Roads Bill, to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the Idle, Saint Margaret , and

Refractory, and Profligate, to the Education of the In- Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, fant Poor in the Habits of Industry and Religion, and watching, and watering the same, and for several other to the Advantage of themselves and the said Parishes, Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That whereby the said Poor would contribute to the Support, the Petitioner, as Owner of a considerable Tract of Assistance, and Relief mutually of each other, and be Ground, and divers Messuages erected thereon, in the some Advantage to the Community to which they have Parish of George Hanover , is likely to be

hitherto been a heavy and grievous Burthen; and that materially prejudiced by the said Bill, should the same

the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and pass into a Law in its present State: And therefore

Places, within the said City, are very ill lighted, watched, praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel and and cleansed, and many Disorders and Irregularities are Agents, against the said Bill, in order to obtain such

frequently committed in the Night-time, for want of the Relief as to the House shall seem meet,

same being properly lighted and watched, and they are Ordei'ed, That the said Petition be referred to the rendered very incommodious and dangerous, by Reason Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill of the many Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his therein, and the present Methods prescribed by Law are Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon ineffectual for lighting, watching, and cleansing the same; his Petition, if he thinks fit.

and that, if Powers w ere given for lighting, watching, and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Pas- mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the sages and Places, in a proper Manner, and for removing same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, ana Petition, preventing thereof for the future, it would tend greatly

to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate of City, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Navy D*bt That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to presenle Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said several His Majesty,

Parishes within the said City of Lincoln, and for light- An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as

ing, watching, and cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, it stood on the 31st December 1789.

and other public Passages and Places, and for removing And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc- The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

tions therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 45.

Navy

188 26° PebrUarii. J[m i?90.

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the jje hereafter 30th January 1790.] mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1789. ea 3

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars#

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, fy<f. supplied for the Service thereof ——

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, 8$<f. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1789, as also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

JO- s. 1,287,550 15

67,004 18 223,451 — 112,405 3

d.

7

1 >

TOTAL

«£. .* d-1)690,411 16 8

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31 st December 1789 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, <Spc".

496,624 8 5; 310,785 15 8

46,945 17 4 J

*54,356 $

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December. 1789 -For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

3L551 13 2n 496,961 13 11

n,535 4 10

2,745 2 3

8,780 — — „

55L573 14 2

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for Quarters, and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to that Office ——

The Total amounts to Three Millions One hundred and Thirty-three thousand and Thirty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence -From- thence deducting the Money in the'

Treasurer’s Hands -

And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies -The Debt will then be Two Millions Three hundred and Seventy thousand Four hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds and Eleven Pence One Farthing ——

as on the other Side

306,588 17 456,008 19

36,695 5 8

8,133,036 17 11

762,597 16 ui

2,370,439 — ui

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers ——

31,170 9 1

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Convicts, between the ist January and 31st December 1789, is - - - - 10,008 9 1

£. 41,178 18 2

Memdum

Vo l. 45. 3 C

3/em*^._There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Nary, on the 31st December 1789, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

o

w

o

Id what TREASURER’S Hands.

In MONEY.

Right honourable Welbore Ellis -

Right honourable Isaac Barre

Right honourable Henry Dundas (1st Treasp)....

Right honourable Charles Townshend -

Right honourable Henry Dundas (ad Treas% old Account) -

! Ditto, new Account ~ -

f In Money ——

\ Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

f In Money

ID'

Ditto tow'ards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

f In Money ——

\ Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

f In Money ——

\ Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

{In Money - -

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

f In Money - -

( Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

On the H EADS of

/ —

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen's Wages. Victuals.

I £. s. d. £ s. d. 1. s. d.

5,373 2 1 2,496 — ill 194 10 10 664 4 11 ij

3,289 9 10 3,809 19 6I 10 17 9 221 4 7l|

1 3,602 ii 111 5,225 10 7 108 7 11 508 12 7ij

3, H5 2 6 f 7,4i3 8 6 6q 5 8 1,268 7 9 j

4,854 6 — 5,485 8 11 90 11 10 998 12 7 j

142,354 2 6 104,746 3 8 4,424 10 1 6,239 3 6fl

I 162,618 14 11 I 134,069 16 5 9,900 6 2

TOTAL.

£. S. d. 8,727 18 10 i

7,331 it

to

9,445 3 11,891 4 61

2

11,428 19 4

a

257,763 19 it

306,588 17 6*

There remained, on the 31st December 1789, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies

£. 456,008. 19. 5.}

Cha* Middleton. J. Henslow. Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogers. TV. Pdimer. TV. Bellingham. Le Cras. Sam. Wallis.

00

190 96° Februam. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

West India The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, t^rh6 according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, made presented. *n the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majestys Colonies and Plantations in North,

" and in the West India Islands, and the Countries " belonging to the United States of , and

" between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign " Islands in The West Indies? and the other intituled,

" An Act to allow the lnportation of Rum, or other " Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations " in The West Indies, into the Province of,

" without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions " and Restrictions:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and have agreed Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Norwich and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Trowse Act for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of Road Bill, die Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Norwich and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Caister Act for continuing an Act of the Ninth Year of Roacf Bdl the ^e'8n His present Majesty, for amending the

a 1 ' Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stoue, formerly called The Two Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great without any Amendment: And also,

Norwich and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An NewBucken- Act for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of, ham Road jjs present Majesty, for repairing and amending the 1 ‘ Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to

New Buckenham, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

Bristol The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Church Bill. Act for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch Cre- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ditors Bill Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Maori! ered. jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment

" ot Creditors more equal and expeditious in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as " relates to Bills and Promissory Notes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of so much of the said Act as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, the Marquis of Graham, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

New Chappell Mr- Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord-Road Bill ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and

picMMiu-d. enlarging the Pow ers, of an Act, made in the Tenth

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, tl e Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lind/ield, to the Town of up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Commit improving, continuing, and extending the Naviga- onLew« tion of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of forpere Cuckfeld, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Papero, Cuckfeld, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex, is committed, have Pow'er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are R0wdei thereunto subscribed. Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- and Red holders of the County of Wilts, was presented to the Road House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road lead- tItion‘ ing from Rowde Ford, in the County of Wilts, through Bromham, Chittoe, Caine, Chippenham, and Pewsham, to Red Hill, in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road there, is the common Highway from Devizes, and.other Places, to Chippenham, both of which are considerable Market Towns, and is also the direct and nearest Road from Devizes, and other Places, through Chippenham, into Gloucestershire, and, if kept in Repair, would open a very considerable Communication between divers large Towns and Places in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, but the said Highway is in many Parts founderous, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers; and that a certain other Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near the West Corner of a Close, called The Land of Nod, in Chittoe Heath, and extending from thence through Whetham to Caine, in the said County, is also in a ruinous Condition, and, in most Parts, narrow and incommodious, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a small Part of the said first-mentioned Road, about One hundred Poles in Length, is Part of the Road comprized in, and intended to be repaired by Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shard and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdovm Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, and also an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Two before-mentioned Acts, and the Tolls collected under the said Acts have arisen almost wholly from Carriages and Horses passing and re-passing over that small Distance of the said Road lying between the Towns of Devizes and Chippenham, and no Part thereof is collected on the other Branch of the said Turnpike Road; and that the Tolls collected on the said Roads have been, from Time to Time, applied in Discharge of the Money due upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and, under the Powers given to the Trustees by the said Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees have compounded with the several Mortgagees, and other Creditors upon the said Road, for their respective Debts, and they have accordingly been satisfied, and no Debt whatever remains due upon the said Road; and that the said Road, comprized in the said Acts, was formerly Part of the Great Road between London and Bath, but other Roads more convenient to Travellers have been since made, and in consequence thereof the Road intended to be repaired by the said Acts (except only that small Part thereof which lies in, and composes a Part of, the said Highway, from Rowde, Ford to Red Hill aforesaid) is become almost wholly useless,

Petition in fovoar of Rowde Ford and Red Hill Road Bill.

and will not, as the Petitioners apprehend, require any further Aid for repairing the same than is given by. the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a peculiar Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Devizes, Chippenham, and Caine, and the Villages adjacent, as well as of general public Utility, if Pow ers were given to Trustees to repair and improve the Whole of the said Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill aforesaid, including the said small Part thereof so comprized in the said recited Acts, and also to repair and widen the said other Road from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine aforesaid, and for that Purpose it will be expedient to repeal the said several recited Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the said last mentioned Roads, and for repealing the said several recited Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joshua Smith, Mr. Rye, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees named and appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Tw’enty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of " Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing " the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the " County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the " Highways thereunto adjacent," was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners being desirous to co-operate in the Measures necessary to be taken for obtaining such Bill, and for repealing the said Acts, beg Leave to represent to the House, that a very inconsiderable Portion of the Highway between R&wde Ford and Red Hill, not more than One hundred Poles in Length, constitutes a Part of the Turnpike Road mentioned and described in the said Acts, and the Tolls received under the same Acts have principally arisen from Persons travelling upon such Portion of the Road, so lying between Rowde Ford and Red Hill, and no Part of such Tolls is collected on the other Branch of the said Turnpike Road; and that the said Tolls have been principally applied in Discharge of the Money due upon the Credit thereof, and that, under the Powers given to the Petitioners by the said Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, they have compounded with the several Mortgagees, and other Creditors, upon the said Road, for their respective Debts, and the said Mortgagees, and other Creditors, have accordingly been satisfied, and no Debt whatever now remains due upon the said Road;’and that the Road mentioned in the said Acts heretofore constituted a Part of the Great Road leading from London to Bath, but more convenient Roads have been Jong since formed, and by Reason thereof the Road intended to be repaired under the said Acts (except that small Portion lying between Rowde Ford and Red Hill aforesaid) is become neglected and disused, and will not, as the Petitioners conceive, require any further Aid for repairing the same than is given by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Petitioners are satisfied that it would be of great Utility to the Public at large, if Powers were given to Trustees to repair and improve the Highway between Rowde Ford and Red Hill, so as to include the said Portion of Road comprized in the said Acts, and also to repair the said Road from Chittoe Heath to Caine, and to that End it will be expedient to

Vol. 45.

repeal the said several Acts: And therefore the Petitioners beg Leave to signify to the House their full Consent to the Repeal of the said Acts, and pray, That Leave may accordingly be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the Roads between Rowde Ford and Red Hill, and between Chittoe Heath and Caine aforesaid, and for repealing the said several recited Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to Cowes, and of permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally without Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

{Mr. Rushworth, 1

Mr. Alderman ! None. Newnham: J

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Grap/Acrwc:/

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good . Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Motion respecting the Removal of Sheep,5:0. to Cowes.

Neg.

Land Tax Commissioners Bill ordered.

Committee on Tin Bill.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

1° Mart

A. 1790.

Luna, 1* di

Anno 30* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1790.

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Bill committed.

Norwich Water Bill presented.

A Petition of several of the Trustees named and Petition for appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Sixteenth additional Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Provision to Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marl- B^oroBg>> borough, through West Kennett to Sheppard's and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, Prayers. and for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the

Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

A BILL for making and maintaining a Naviga*- enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned ble Communication between Stowmarket and Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Turnpike Gate at Avebury to and from the

Time. North Side of Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grigby, Blunsden, in the said County, whose Names are there- Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that

Application is made to the House for Leave to bring Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter the Powers of ing to Order, a Bill for better supplying the City of the said Acts; and that the Road on the West Side of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water: And the The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on

same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Killingworth Mr. Gregg presented to the House, according to

the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to a certain Place on the West Side of Wansdyke, not exceeding One Mile in Length, adjoining to the _ w , Roads under the Management of the Petitioners (being

1 resented order» a for dividing and inclosing a certain a Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act, p ’ Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called made in the Twenty-f uth Year of the Reign of His Killingworth Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in present Majesty) could be more conveniently repaired

Stanton and Bircliover Inclosure Petition.

the County of Northumberland:And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor of Stanton, and also within the Hamlet of Birchover, both in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Hamlet, certain Commons and Parcels of Waste Ground, called Stanton Moor,

and amended if the same was added to the other Roads under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and the Trustees appointed to put the said last mentioned Act in Execution are desirous to be discharged from the Repair of the said Road: And therefore praying, That Power may be given to them to repair the said Road in such Manner as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixteenth containing together about Nine hundred Acres, upon Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

which the Owners or Proprietors of Messuages, Cot tages, Tofts, Toftsteads, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Hamlet aforesaid, are entitled to Common of Pasture for their Cattle; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are, in

the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard’s Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, in the their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and County of Wilts, and for carrying into Execution an a Division and Inclosure of the same amongst the several Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the therein, according to their respective Rights and In- before-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening terests, would be a manifest Advantage to them, and the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates; And Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in The Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the said County, a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and and also of many of the principal Landholders and In-Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House habitants residing in or near the said Roads, is referred:

Samwell’s Name Bill committed.

Leicester

Debtors Petition.

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gregg and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Samwell, Esquire (lately called Thomas Samwell,) and his

Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell, Baronet, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into Shaw Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Roai1 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Pullt " for repairing and widening the Road from the End " of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County " of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County,

" and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the " County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid " to the Turnpike Road in High in the said

" County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to " Wem,in the said County, and from thence to the

" Turnpike Road in SandJ'ord, in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Gaol for the County of Leicester, was presented to the That Progress hath been made in Repair of the Roads

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

by the said Act directed to be repaired, for which Purpose the Trustees have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls (a great Part of which still remains unpaid) but,

as

1° Martii.

193

as the subsisting Term of the said Act is near expiring, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament to continue and enlarge the said Term, and to give some further and other Powers for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referried to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Newport and An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Bridges over Caerleon the River Uske, at Newport and Caerleon, in the passed.* County of Monmouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Bridges over the River Uske, at Newport and Caerleon, in the County of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Goudhurst An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow-Roads Bill ers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present

P88*1* Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through die Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do cany die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ksops’ Nat Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to

Bill reported, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *nd pawed. Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Fife Roads, A Bill for making and repairing the Road from &c. Bill nuln- Bridge by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing, commuted. Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife, and for improving the Harbour of Kingdom or in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weymyss, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ships cleared Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, a* 10 cleared out from Great Britain to Africa in 1788

c. ordered, together with the Total Exports to Africa

in each of those Years; distinguishing the Ports which they sailed from, and the Value of the British, India, and Foreign Goods so exported.

V01. 45.

Ordered, That there ba laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, ordered — which entered in the Ports of Great Britain from Africa, in the Years 1788 and 1789, together with the Jain from Total Value of the Imports to Great Britain in each Africa, &c. Year, and the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise.

Ships entered in the W. India Islands from Africa, and Negroes imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which have entered, in the Year 1787 and 1788, in the several British West India Islands, from Africa, with the Number of Negroes which were imported on Board the same in each Year, and also the Negroes imported from other Countries; together with the Number of NegroeB which were exported; distinguishing each Island.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ships cleared Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, Outwards to which cleared Outwards from Great Britain to the . "

British West India Islands in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing each; together with the Total Value of Exports from Great Britain to the British West Indies, distinguishing the Amount of the British,

India, and Foreign Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ships entered Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, x^dia. Islands which entered in the Ports of Great Britain from the and Value of British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 and Imports. 1789, distinguishing each; and the Value of Imports from the said Islands to Great Britain, with the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon, distinguishing each.

Ships employed between the W. Indies and America, exports to the W. Indies from Newfoundland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which have been employed in the Trade between the British Islands in The West Indies, and the British Colonies in North America, including in the Year 1788, specifying the Articles imported from the British Islands in The West Indies to the British Colonies in North America and Newfoundland, and the Quantity of Fish exported to the British West India Islands from Newfoundland.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Edinburgh thereto subscribed, being Trustees named and appointed and Stirling by, and in virtue of, Two several Acts, passed in the Roads Pe-Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty’s tition-Reign, herein after more particularly mentioned, and others, Land Owners within the County of Stirling, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth.

That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling, and from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch-bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted to certain Trustees for repairing the said Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, which were to have Continuance from the 1st Day of June 1752, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that by another Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the above-mentioned Act w<as continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject to the Alterations and Amend-

3 D ments

194 1° Martii. A. 1790.

merits in the said Second Act contained; and that the Trustees named in the said Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, and repaired the said Roads, but the Money borrowed, and the Interest thereof, cannot be paid, nor the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued and enlarged; and that it is thought expedient, by the Trustees in the said Acts named, that the Turnpike Roads and Tolls of the said Two Counties of Stirling and Linlithgow, which were included and comprehended in the said Acts, and under the Directions of the same Trustees, should now be separated, and put under the separate Management of the Trustees of the respective Counties in which such Roads lie; and that the Road from Loanhcad to Saint Ninians, through the Parishes of Denny, Dunipace, and Saint Ninians, is in a ruinous Condition, and, during bad Weather, in many Parts impassable for Carriages, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other and further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Biggleswade A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Roa^Uj*e-n Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth

titi<m. " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-

ing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through and to

the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road, leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near The Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neot’s, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and it hath been found necessary that a small Increase should be made in some of the Tolls, in order to enable the Petitioners to keep the said Roads, and the several 1 Bridges thereon erected, or which have been ordered to be erected, in Repair, and for altering and widening such of the old Bridges as are now ordered to be widened and repaired, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and, in order to keep the said Roads in good Repair, it is necessary that the same should be further continued, and some other Alterations and Amendments made in the said Act; and that a small Piece of Road (being about Half a Mile in Length) leading out of the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the said County of Bedford, and through Eaton Ford to another Part of the same Turnpike Road near Saint Neot’s Bridge, is sometimes overflowed, and rendered inconvenient for Travellers, and it would be a great Benefit to Persons making Use of the same, if the said Road was properly raised and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for raising

and repairing the said Piece of Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr.

Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Manchester Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Man- Poor-Petition. Chester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the present great Populousness of the Town of Manchester, and the daily Increase of the Poor belonging to that Township, the Workhouse now used there is found much too small, and in all Respects unfit for the due Accommodation of the Poor; and that a new Work-house is necessary, and further Regulations are wanting for the better Government of the Poor within the said Township: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Hunger-ford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Manchester Snuff in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was £etlUon presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tobacco Act! That the Petitioners finding that the Tobacco Manufacturers in some of the Sea Port Towns are exerting their Endeavours to procure a Repeal of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," beg Permission to express to the House their Approbation of the general Principles of the Act, having from Experience found, during the short Interval of Time since it passed into a Law, very essential Advantages from its salutary Regulations; that the Petitioners find however an Inconvenience laid upon them by the 119th Section of the said Act, which restrains them from the Removal of their Tobacco Stalks to any of the Ports therein mentioned, whereby they are deprived of the only Means of disposing of their Stalks, except the small Portion thereof which they can use in the making of Snuff and Spanish, and are laid under a manifest Disadvantage in Comparison to the Manufacturers resident at the Sea Port Towns: And that the Petitioners, conceiving that, under the general Principles of the Act, the Revenue upon Tobacco is better secured, and more equally collected, and that Protection is thereby afforded to the fair Trader, therefore pray,

That the Act may not be repealed, but that it may be continued in Force under such Alterations and additional Regulations as the Legislature shall think proper to adopt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons and others whose Bleatam Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Inclosure the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- Petition, tioners, as Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Bleatam, in the Parish of

War cop,

m

Petition in favour of Birmingham and Broms-grove Road Bill.

Denbigh and Mold Read Petition.

Warcopy in the CountyoiWestmorlahd, or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common upon certain Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds chilled Bleatam Common, and other Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, containing upwards of One thousand Acres; and that if the said- Common and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners and others would be very considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Admiral Leoeson and Mr. Brett do prepare and bring

in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and the County adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made for Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Turnpike Road leading from Birmingham to Bromsgrove (and which Road leads immediately to all the principal Places in the West of England) to repair, widen, and amend the same; and that the said Road is in several Parts very narrow, and particularly in that Part which lies within the Parish of Northfield, and, in the direct Line from Birmingham to Bromsgrove is so hilly and narrow, that it seems not only absolutely necessary to have the same widened, but the Course thereof changed, to bring the same to a proper Level; and that, by reason of the narrow hollow Ways within the Parish before mentioned, many Accidents have happened, and Travelling on the said Road is become exceedingly dangerous: And therefore praying, That the House wili take the Line of Road into their Considera-tieon, and alter the present Course thereof, so as to make the Hills more easy of Ascent, and grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless, the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein; and that a certain Road branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road near a Public House called The Blue Hand, opposite Lleweney Park, and extending from thence across Part of a certain Common called Denbigh Green, to a Turnpike Gate called Pen jf Paliment Gate, erected across the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Saint Asaph, in the County of Flint, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts, narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Vol. 45.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering' and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road leading from The Blue Hand to Pen j Palmant Gate, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. m

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Williams, Mr. Wynn, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to LaanTax Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Commission Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti- ers Bi® tuled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, presented'

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in his Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 179P, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1790, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert alsq acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The

Committees of Supply.

Navy

Estimate*

referred.

Report

Militia

Estimate

referred.

House called over.

MaUdraeth, &c. Embanking and Drainage Petition reported.

196 1° — 2° MartS. . 1790.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

The House was accordingly called over, and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared, and several of them were excused, some upon Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness or Death of near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or employed Abroad on the Public Service.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Bayly reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in and entitled to Allotments of the Marsh called MaUdraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had not been complied with, the Necessity of applying to Parliament, occasioned by the breaking and destroying of the Banks and other Works by the Sea, having happened late in the Month of October last, but that the Notices required by the said Standing Orders were given in the Months of November and December last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follorweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, embanking, draining, and preserving the said Marsh, and for other Purposes, was read, whereby it appeared that the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Act into Execution were authorized to raise Money for defraying the Expences of the said Embankment and Drainage, by certain Rates or Dues to be collected for the Tonnage and Wharfage of Goods, Wares, and Commodities, conveyed upon the Cuts or Canals to be made for draining and preserving the said Marsh, and also by a Pound Rate or Assessment upon the Owners and Proprietors of the said Marsh: Then,

Thomas Williams, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the said Commissioners have expended the Sum of 6,000l. or thereabouts, in erecting a Bank, and other Works to prevent the said Lands being Overflowed by the Sea, but the same were washed down and destroyed by the High Tides, accompanied by uncommon High Winds, in October last — That the making a Bank of sufficient Height and Strength against the Sea, and such other Banks, Drains, and Works, as shall be necessary for the Preservation of the said Marsh, will be attended with a much greater Expence than was apprehended at the Time of passing the said Act, and that the Money authorized to be raised thereby will not be sufficient to defray such Expence — And the Witness added, That a considerable Quantity of the inclosed Lands and Grounds adjoining the said Marsh will be greatly improved by the effectual Embankment and Drainage of the said Marsh, and therefore it is thought reasonable that the Owners and Proprietors of such inclosed Lands and Grounds should contribute towards the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually embanking the Marsh called MaUdraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of and drain-

ing and preserving the same, and the inclosed low Lands

k

contiguous thereto: And that Mr. B*ykf and Mr. Gould do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies " and Plantations in North America, and in the West " India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the " United States of America, and between His Majesty’s " said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The " Indies and the other intituled, "An Act to allow " the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies, or Plantations in The West , " into the Province of Quebec,without Payment of Duty,

" under certain Conditions and Restrictions," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Duties upon Unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,2° die MartU;

Anno 30* Georgii IIId* Regis, 1790.

of Praters.

AP E TITIO N of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, and of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the respective Counties of Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow, Peebles, Fife, Stirling, and Clackmanon, thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it is necessary to build a new Prison within or adjacent to the City of Edinburgh, for confining Criminals, and also a Prison for Debtors, and Persons guilty of petty Offences, and it is also become absolutely necessary to build a Bridewell, or House of Correction, within or adjacent to the said City, for the Punishment of idle, refractory, and profligate Persons within the said City, or within any of the aforesaid Seven Counties; and that a considerable Sum of Money will ’be necessary to be raised by Assessments for erecting those Buildings, as well as for a proper Establishment, and keeping them in Repair after they are built, and, in so far as concerns the said House of Correction, or Bridewell, and appointing Persons to be confined there, and transmitting them for that Purpose, it will be necessary to give additional Powers to the Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates, within the aforesaid Counties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wetnyss, the Marquis of

Graham,

West India and Quebec Trade Bill deferred.

Tin Bill deferred

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Edinburgh Gaols Petition.

Bowbrickhill Joclosure Bill committed.

Dorchester Roads Petition reported.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Petition.

Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, ’ in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Secretary Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lionel Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and " keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the " Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset, and " for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to " the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said " Borough," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and thpt the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T^ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Templeman being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 1,750/., which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, but the Road by the said Act directed to be repaired .(except so much thereof as leads from the Parish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of and Osmngton, to the Church of Osmington, the Trus-

tees being discharged from the Repair thereof by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,) cannot be sufficiently amended, and the Money borrowed re-paid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued, and the said Act amended, and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. Lionel Darner and Mr. Ashley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Manufacturers of the County and City of Worcester, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it appears by Levels and Surveys already taken, that a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be 'made from or near to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join and communicate with the River Severn at or near a Place called Diglis, in or near to the City of Worcester; and that, by Means of such Cut or Canal, a better and more certain Communication than there is at present would be opened for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol and Hull, and also between Vol. 45.

the Town of Birmingham,the large Manufactories in the

Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of Worcester, Gloucester and Bristol, and the several other intermediate Parts; and the several Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford, and other Counties and Places, would be supplied with Coals from the large and extensive Coal Mines, lying upon or near the Line of the said intended Canal, at an easier Expence, and in a more constant and regular Manner, than at present, and many other Benefits would result to the Public therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near to Birmingham aforesaid, to join and communicate with the said River Severn at or near Diglis aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Sir Robert Lawley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Lacy Dickonson, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham, the Reverend Sir Richard Kaye, Baronet, Dean of Lincoln, Patron of the Rectory of Clayworth aforesaid, the Reverend William Dawson, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clayworth aforesaid, and of Jonathan Acklom, Anthony Hartshome, and John Gylby, Esquires, Thomas Colton, Francis Otter, and John Otter, Gentlemen, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township and Parish of Clayworth aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, cannot be properly improved, but, if inclosed, regulated, and divided into specific Allotments, would be of much greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, as well as to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Traders, and others, resident in and near the City of York, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said City and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ousej from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York; and Setting forth, That York is a very ancient City, and the Number of Inhabitants resident therein, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, very considerable; and that the River Ouse has always been Navigable from the River Humber to the said City, and such Navigation has been improved, under the Authority of Parliament, at a great Expence, ever since, and probably before, the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, so as to render it safe and commodious for Vessels of considerable Burthen, by Means whereof the Petitioners can have their Merchandize and Commdities in the same.

3 E Bottoms

Clayworth

Inclosure

Petition.

Petition from York against Selby bridge Bil

198 2? Martii. A. 1T90.

Bottom* from London and every Part of the Coasts of Great Britain, and from most Foreign Port*; and that a Set of Vessels, from 100 to 140 Tons Burthen each, have been purposely built,' and have beeo for several Years past, and are now constantly employed in the Trade between London and York, and several other Vessels of as large Burthen are constantly employed in conveying Oak Timber from the said City of York, and other Places above Selby, to the City of London, to several of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and to many other Ports and Places on the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and the said City of York, and a great Extent of Country for many Miles above the said City, are supplied with Coals, and chiefly with Lime, and all Sorts of Goods brought up the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Navigation of the said River Ouse, and the Trade of the City of York, and all Places above Selby, will be materially injured by the Erection of any Bridge across the said River there, the Situation for which is very improper, the Course of the said River, above and near the said Town of Selby, being very crooked, the Current of Water rapid, and the Tide rising a considerable Heighth; and that several Vessels can now pass and re-pass, there at the same Time, whereas, if a Bridge is erected with One, or even Two Apertures, the Navigation will be greatly impeded, and rendered extremely dangerous for all Vessels navigating above Selby, which may frequently oblige the Traders of the City of York to change Bottoms, and have theiF Goods lightered up lor the Space of about Twenty-five Miles, the Distance between the City of York and Selby, by Water; that the Number of Vessels, constantly lost by the Erection of Bridges across Rivers-where the Tide runs so high and rapidly as at Selby, is considerable, and the Danger and Delay great, and in case of any Damage to their Goods the Traders of York would have great Difficulty to ascertain, with Precision, from whom to recover a Compensation for such Damage, which would not be the Case if their Goods were conveyed in One Bottom only, as at present; and that, at a General Meeting of Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Owners of Vessels, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, held at Selby, in January >787, when an Application was intended to be made to Parliament for Power to build a Bridge over the River Ouse at Langrich, about Five Miles below Selby, it was resolved unanimously, " That it was the Opinion of " that Meeting, that such Bridge would not only bo " attended with the greatest Danger and Delay to the " Navigation of the said River, but would also be very " detrimental to the Trade of all other Navigations,

" frilling into, or connected therewith, and consequently to the Conveyance of Goods to and' from " London, Hull, and other Places, belonging to Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and ethers, of the many great Trading Towns in the Counties of " York, Lancaster, and Westmoreland? and it was also resolved unanimously, " That it was the Opinion of " that Meeting, that the most effectual Measures " should be adopted for opposing such intended " Bridge;" and that most of the Persons, who now solicit Authority to build a Bridge at Selby, promoted and entered into the said Resolutions, but notwithstanding the Objections therein stated, which apply with equal, if not greater, Force to the Erection of a Bridge at Selby, the same Persona appear now to be desirous of erecting a Bridge at that Place, because the Inconvenience wiu be thereby removed' from- them, and thrown upon the Petitioners, with a View, no Doubt, to fix- the Trade at Selby below the said1 Bridge; although, jf any Bridge ought to be erected across the said River, it would' be likely to be of more Advantage to the Public at Langrich, than at Selby: And therefore praying; That they may- be beard1, by themselves or their Counsel1, against the said Bill, and that the

w

same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Grocers, and Petition from Shopkeepers, in the Borough of Thirslc, was also pre- Thirsk seated to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, Fourth appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination Report of of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of ^^vunesses* the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House gainst the8 against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who were Abolition of empowered to report the Minutes of such- Examination, the Slave from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to- report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and lie read the -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained- of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, Birmingham to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose and B Names are thereunto- subscribed, being Trustees for pj^on re* putting in Execution Three- Acts of Parliament, passed ported, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George toe First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrooc to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrooe to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of , so fer as

the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrooe, was referred; That the Committee had* examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad) been complied with; and1 that the Committee had examined the Matter of the- said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

I1 is as fofleweth; viz.


,2° Martii.

199

k

m *

building the dame, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’9 Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cheadle Road Bill presented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of , in

the County of Warwick:And that Sir Robert and Sir George Augustus William do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham and from thence to But ter Ion Moor End, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Blaauw’s A Petition of Wiikm (commonly called

NatPetition. William Blaawao) Esquire, was presented to the House,

and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Mairrwaring do prepare, and1 bring in, the same.

A Petition of William Peachey, Esquire, Lord of ShiPton In-the Manor of Shipton Sollers, in the County of Glou- ®ure PetI" cester, and Jane West, Mother and Guardian of William Postumus Chapeau, a Minor, Lord of the Manor of Shipion Oliffe,in the same County, and Patrons of the United Rectories of Shipion and

Oliffe aforesaid, and Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands within the said Parishes, the Reverend John Chapeau, Rector of the said United Rectories, the Reverend John Hayward, Rector of the Parish of Withington, Thomas Barnjitld, John Wood, and others,

likewise Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the said Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipion Oliffe aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said respective Manors and Parishes, several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, which lie contiguously, containing about Two thousand Acres; and that the several Properties lie intermixed, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it will be very advantageous to the several Proprietors to have the said Lands divided, exchanged, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BHI for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Captain Berkeley and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

New Chappell Road Bill committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping Repair, the Rood* from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthom, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield,to the Town of Ditching, up to the

Top of Ditchhng Boot Hills, in the said County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham,. Mr. Thomas Pelhamrke. :And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bristol- Gaol A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses* and Competition. monalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the public Gaol of the City of Bristol, and! County of the same City,- is too small, and not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of the Prisoners, and it will be necessary to build a Gaol within the said City; and that the purchasing Ground necessary for erecting1 such Gaol, and building the same upon a Scale sufficiently large and commodious, will be attended with very considerable Ezpence, which cannot be provided for, nor can proper Regulations for the doe Management) of the' same, and for the Security and Preservation of the* Health of the Prisoners* be established and enforced, without the Authority of Parliament?: And therefore preying, That Leave nuy be given to bring in Bill for purchasing the necessary Ground for erecting the mid Gaol, for Yol. 45.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Alcester Others, of the Counties of Warwick, Gloucester, and Pet1'' Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; lon*

Setting forth, That the Road leading from Alcester, hr the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campdtn, in the County of Gloucester, and from thence to a Plaice called Upton Old Lane, being the Turnpike Road leading from Worcester to London', is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually amending, widening, and keeping in good Repair, the said* Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and' Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And; that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. Cruger,

Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power ter send for Persons, Papers, and Kecordtr.

A Bill for enlarging the 1 Term of steveral Acts1, made stump Cross for repairing tfte Roads' front Stump Cross to New- Roads Bill market Heath, and from Stuthp Cross aforesaid to the' committed. End of tfte Town of Trampington next to and from Shelford Pound to Wntteffbfd, and for making

more

Streatham Workhouse Bill committed.

North Col-lingham Inclosure Bill committed*

Petition against Clerkenwell Church Petition.

200 2" Martii: 1790.

more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, Or, That the Said Petition do lie upon the and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Trumpington aforesaid; and for amending the Road and others, Trustees for building a new Church in the from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittlesford, next Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of

to Shclford,all in the County of Cambridge, was read a Middlesex, and of other Inhabitants of the said Parish,

Second Time. is referred.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yorke,

General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this After-> A Petition of the several Persons Vrfiose Names are St Luke noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Streets Peti-

the rest of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Juke, tion‘

A Bill for providing a Workhouse for, and for the in the County of , was presented to the

better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his appointing an additional Overseer for the better Go- late Majesty King George the Second, for better en-vemment of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a lightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares,

Second Time. Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex,

Pierrepont, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the for repairing the Highways within the said Parish;

Speaker’s Chamber. and that many of the Clauses and Provisions, contained in the said Act, have been found defective, and A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regu- others wanting, for carrying the same into complete lating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Execution, and the good Purposes intended thereby Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North cannot be effectually answered, unless such Defects Collingham, in the County of Nottingham, was read a are supplied, and more extensive Powers granted to Second Time. the Trustees under the said. Act: And therefore pray-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre- ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for port, Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to amending, and altering and enlarging, the Powers of meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the said Act.

Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do A Petition of the Inhabitants within the District of examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as Saint James, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, it shall appear to them, to the House: in the County of Middlesex, now called Pentmoille, And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, bert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-That a Petition hath been presented to the House by ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; several Trustees for building a new Church in the said and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Parish, and by other Inhabitants of the said Parish, Records, for Leave to bring in a Bill to amend and enlarge the

Powers of, and to render more effectual, an Act, Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, accord-' Scotch Cre-

made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of so ditors Bill present Majesty, for pulling down the Church of the much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of Preseuted-said Parish, and building a new Church, and making the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An a new Church Yarff or Cemetery, with convenient " Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more Avenues and Passaged thereto; and that, the Peti- " equal and expeditious in that Part of tioners are informed, the Object of the intended Bill is " called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much to raise a very large Sum of Money, over and above the " of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present sum of 8,0001, already expended in building the said Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Church, and the other Works authorized to be done " Notes," as relates to the rendering the Payment of by the said Trustees, and a great Proportion of the Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Money proposed to be raised, will be raised upon the Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said received; and read the First Time.

District, who will receive very little Benefit therefrom, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, on Account of the great Distance of their Places of i '

Residence from the said Church; and that an Act was Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotch passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Terms Bill sent Majesty, whereby certain Trustees were autho- Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for ordtred* rized to build a Chapel of Ease within the said District altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Saint James, for the Accommodation of the Inha- of Exchequer in Scotland: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, bitants of the said District, but the said Chapel hath Lord Frederick Campbell, and the Marquis of Graham, not yet been built; and that the Petitioners are al- do prepare, and bring in, the same, ready very heavily burthened by the present Church

Rates, and, if the intended Bill should pass into a A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Kingdom Law, they apprehend that Burthen will be very much the Burgh of Kinghorn, in North. Britain, and as Harbour Pe-increased, without affording them a convenient Place Trustees of the Fund after-mentioned, was presented to boon, of Public Worship: And therefore praying, That they the House, and read; Setting forth, That Kinghorrl, may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Bill that from its Situation on the North Side of the Frith of may be brought into the House for laying any addi- Forth, directly opposite to Lath, is the great Ferry and tional Rate upon the Petitioners for building the said Communication Town between the City of Edinburgh intended Church, unless some effectual Provision shall and the Counties benorth the Forth, and the Corpo-be contained in the said Bill, for providing a conve- ration have, by Charters, and Acts of Parliament, Right nient Chapel of Ease for the Accommodation of the to the Port and Harbour, as also the Port and Harbour Petitioners, and the several other Inhabitants of the called Pettycurr; and that an Act was passed, in the District of Saint James aforesaid. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Accounts, &<\ ordered — Cash in the Treasury of the East India Company.

Sales of Goods from the East indies.

Sales of Goods from China.

Debts of the East India Company.

Debts and Effects of the Eastiidia Company.

30 Geo. III. 2° Martii.

201

King George the Second, granting a Duty of Two Pennies on the Scots Pint of Ale brewed or consumed within the Liberties of the said Burgh, for the Purposes of building and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, which Duty was put under the Management of the Petitioners, as Trustees specially appointed for that Purpose, and of certain Persons as Overseers for inspecting their Accounts, and seeing the Money applied for the Purposes of the Act, which was renewed by another Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, continuing the said Duty for Twenty-live Years longer; and that those Funds for defraying the Expence of keeping up and repairing, &c. are defective and insufficient, and the said Harbour, of so great public Utility, cannot be maintained and preserved, and those useful and salutary Purposes accomplished, for Want of proper Powers and a sufficient Fund: And therefore praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, the Marquis of Graham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the i st Day of March 1789, and of their Receipts and Payments in England from the 1st Day of March 1789 to the 1st Day of March 1790; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Good? from the East Indies, between the 1st Day of March 1789 and the 1st Day of March 1790, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight; and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of the Goods from China, between the 1st Day of March 1789 and the 1st Day of March 1790, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood upon the

1st Day of March 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,' a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from ,agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785, and the 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, as they stood on the 1st Day of 1790; together

with an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock in China, according to the latest Advices.

Vol. 45. ‘

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Three thousand Two hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the "Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year ,79°-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Ninety thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, provision for That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of Militia, the Militia for the Year 1790.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Exe- Land Tax cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, Con""lS8,on* " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a *Ued com* " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Member* to Members of this House, do prepare Lists, fairly prepare Lists written, of the Names of additional Commissioners commission-for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, ers Names. Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions of Resolutions the House, of the 31st Day of May 1786, relative to relative tode-delivering in Lists of Commissioners for executing any byeringinthe Land Tax Act, might be read. Lists, read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, for the future, every List of " Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act " shall be delivered in signed by the Member delivering in the same, that the said List be carefully " kept by the Officer td whom the same shall be intrusted, and that no Person whatever do presume " to make any Alteration in such List, without the " Order of this House, or of a Committee thereof."

" Resolved, That every Member delivering in such " List, shall, at the Time of the Delivery thereof,

" sign and deliver a Duplicate thereof, which Duplicate shall be kept upon a File, open to the Inspection of any Member of this House."

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Tin Bill

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported.

3 F taking

2°- Martii.

A. 1790.

taking off the Duties, upon Uawrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Tlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Franfoise Antoinette De Luc: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Chambers do lay before this House, an Account, specifying what Parts of the General Plan of the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House (as settled by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and ordered to the carried into Execution by the King’s Sign Manual, dated the 24th of November 1775, and by various Treasury Letters, bearing Date May 14th, 1776; JWy 11th, 1777; August 19th, 1777; and 10th, 1779) remained to be completed on the 26th Day of May 1788, as specified in the said Plan presented by him to this House on the 27th Day of May 1788.

E. Comwal- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the court of Py a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court of Directors Directors of the East India Company, dated 2d August ordered. *789*

De Luc’s Nat Bill presented.

Account respecting Somerset Mouse, ordered.

The Lords have agreed

Turmine’s Nat. Bill.

DibdenTnclo" sure Bill, with an Amendment.

Mr.

An

any

An

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Pepys and Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine; without Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Dib-den, in the County of Southampton; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition from Hull re-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, being the Principal Owners of Confiscation Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Kingston of Ship*. upon Hull, on Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in Ships and Vessels employed in the Foreign Mercantile Trade from and to the said Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That most of the Acts, which have of late passed for the Suppression of Smuggling, expose the Ships of the fair and open Mercantile Trader to Forfeiture on there being found therein any inconsiderable Quantities of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, Coffee, or other Goods, above the Quantity allowed by Law, notwithstanding such Goods are clandestinely brought on Board by the Seamen belonging to such Ships, contrary to the express Directions of the Owners and Masters thereof, and though there has not been in any Degree a Want of due Care and Diligence in such Owners or Masters to prevent every illicit Practice; and, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Ships of every Description, and be their Burthen or Value ever so great,

wherein is imported any Foreign Spirituous Liquors (British Plantation Ruin and Arrack excepted) in any Cask containing less than One hundred Gallons, except Two Gallons for each Seaman, with all their Stores and Furniture, are declared to be forfeited; and that neither the Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits, or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen, the Second Section of the Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, admitting Evidence to be given in Extenuation of the Charge of Smuggling, nor the Power of Mitigation, said to be entrusted with the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, afford either effectual Security, or adequate Indemnity, to the unoffending Ship Owner, for though the Ships of the fair Trader are not in every Instance prosecuted to Condemnation, they are seized for having the most trivial Quantities of Contraband Goods on Board, and are frequently for a long Time withheld from the innocent Owners, who, beside losing the Use of their valuable Property, and, as it often happens, their only Means of Support, are put to very heavy and disproportioned Fines, Fees, and Impositions, and suffer other Loss, Expence, and Trouble, in obtaining the Release of such Ships, and are left without being able to obtain any Remedy over against the Persons guilty, Owners not daring, from the Hazard such a Prosecution would involve them in, to proceed for the Recovery of the Penalty imposed on the Master, Mate, and Seamen, by the former of the last mentioned Acts; and that the Petitioners, fully sensible of the Necessity of preventing Smuggling, and of enforcing the Laws for raising Revenues for the Exigencies of the State, are willing not only to suffer the utmost Rigour of those Laws in case of they themselves directly or indirectly conniving at any illicit Trade, but are ready, even though innocent of any Offence, where the Offender cannot be immediately discovered, to be answerable for such a Forfeiture as may be proportioned to the Quantity of the Goods seized, they having Authority to reimburse themselves, as far as may be, out of the Wages due from the Owners to the Persons most likely to be guilty. — As such, and understanding it has been ever held incompatible with the Spirit of the British Constitution and Laws to punish one Person, and that too in the most summary Way, for the Offence of another, who, as in the present Instance, it is not in his Power effectually to prevent offending, the Petitioners cannot but feel themselves as labouring under more cruel Oppressions and Hardships than any other Branch of Trade whatever, and' they conceive the Severity of the Laws alluded to must soon have the roost prejudicial Effect: on the Trade and Commerce of this Country: And therefore praying, That the House will take the aforesaid Laws, and the Hardships they impose upon the Petitioners, into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much or such Clauses of the before mentioned Acts, of Parliament as expose Ships employed in an open and fair Mercantile Trade to Confiscation, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign: of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s; Colonies and " Plantations in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said

" Subjects

West India and Quebec Trade Bill committed.

Motion to consider of the Corporation and Test Acts.

Neg.

Committees to siU

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Petition reported.

2° — 4° Martii.

203

" Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West " Indies'" and the other intituled, "An Act to allow " the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from " His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West " Indies,into the Province of Quebec, without Payment

" of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the well-governing and regulating of Corporations and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from " Popish llecusants," were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as requires Persons, before they are admitted into any Office or Place in Corporations, or having accepted any Office, Civil or Military, or any Place of Trust under the Crown, to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} >«5-

Tellers for the Noes,{$£ .

So it passed in the Negative.

294«

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Three of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii III'U Regis, 1790. Prayers.

SI R Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed," all Freeholders and Land Owners in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from Kirkintilloch to Springfield , and from thence, by or near Balwarridge House, to Muckroft Vol. 45.

Bridge, over the Rivulet Gldssert, and from thence, by the present Line of Road through the Village of New Barbrestoun to the Foot of the Craw Road, from thence, by Fintry, to the Military Road at or near the Town

of Kippen, through the Parishes of Campsie, Fintry,

Balfrone, and Kippen, in the County of Stirling; and from the said Military Road between Balwell and Balfunning, to Killearn, and from thence to -

blane, by or near the Church of Strathblane, and to Milngavie and Garscube Bridge, and from thence to New Kilpatrick and Drymen Bridge, through the Parishes of New Kilpatrick (Part thereof in the County of Dumbarton)Raider nodi, Strathblane, Killearn,

Balfrone, and Drymen, in the County of Stirling, and Kilmaronock, in the County of Dumbarton, with the Bridges of the said Roads, are at present in a ruinous Condition, and during bad Weather, are in many Parts impassable for Wheel Carriages; and the Lines of Direction of the same, in several Places, require to be altered, which cannot be done, nor can the said Roads be repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to' bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton: And that Sir Thomas Dundas, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, and Colonel Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose and Stirling Names are thereto subscribed, being Trustees named ,<oads Pe|'* and appointed by and in virtue of Two several Acts, ,onr P° passed in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, thereinafter more particularly mentioned, and others, Land Owners within the County of Stirling, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in1 his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Lin-Uthgow and Stirling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth and to Inch-bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow; and also an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees named in the said Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums, of Money, which have been laid out in the Repair of the said Roads, which Money cannot be, repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Two Acts are further continued and enlarged- —

And he added; That it is thought expedient by the Trustees, that the Turnpike ! Roads and Tolls of the said Two Countieji of Stirling and Ihdilhgow, which were included and comprehended hi both the said Acts, and under, thie Directions of jthe same Trustees, should be separated and disjoined* and put under the separate Management of the Trustees of the respective Counties in attach < such Roads lie and are’ situated.

Then, *. 1 < v , n , < .

1 Colonel Andrew Bruce being examined, said,. That the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, through the Parishes of Demy, Dunipace, and Saint Ninians, is

in

i^-

A. 1790.

Forth and Clyde Navigation Fetition.

in a ruinous Condition, and, during bad Weather, in many Parts impassable for Wheel Carriages, and cannot, by the Laws now in Force, be sufficiently repaired, amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian in the said County of

Stirling: And that Sir Thomas the Marquis of

Graham, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, and Colonel Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, and the Company of Proprietors of the Monkland Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and

" maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " Frith or River of forth, at or near the River of " Carron, in the County of , to the Frith or

" River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir " Bumfoot,in the County of Dumbarton, and also a

" Collateral Cut from the same to the City of " gow, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal

" of Communication from the Port or Harbour of " Barrmstounness, to join the said Canal, at or near " the Place where it will fall into the Frith of Forth," the Company , of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation were incorporated for the Purpose of making, completing, and maintaining a Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, to the Frith or River of Clyde, with sundry Powers, and under certain Orders and Regulations therein particularly mentioned, which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and, under the Powers thereby given, the main Line of the Forth and Clyde Navigation is now nearly finished, and a Collateral Cut is made from the same to a Place called Hamilton Hill, within about a Mile of the City of Glasgow’, and that by another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-M gable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way from the " Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland,

" to the City of Glasgow,"the Petitioners the Company of Proprietors of the Monkland Navigation were also incorporated for the Purpose of making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, of the Dimensions therein specified, from a Place called The Sheepford, in the Parish of Old Monkland, and County of Lanerk, to or near the City of Glasgow, in which Work great Progress has also been made; and that the Petitioners are now desirous to have a Junction formed between the Two Canals, and it would be highly beneficial to the Public at large if the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation were empowered to carry on their Collateral Cut from Hamilton Hill to the West End of the Monkland Canal, at or near the Townhead of the City of Glasgow, to purchase Lands for making a Harbour and Bason at or near a Place called Hundred Acre Hill, and for building Houses and Warehouses for the Accommodation of Merchants, and others resorting thereto, and to open Roads, Lanes, and Passages leading from the same to the City of Glasgow; and that, in order to supply both

Navigations with Water, and for completing the same, it is become necessary that the Monkland Canal should be extended from the Sheepford to the River Gaidar, that the before-recited Acts relative to both

Companies should be further explained, amended, enlarged, extended, and rendered more effectual, and more ample, and other Powers given to the Petitioners respectively, to finish the Works in which they are engaged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as to the/ House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do' examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir T Dundas, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees named and appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

" of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth'

" Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing " the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley

Upright Gate, leading down Bagdoron Hill, in the " County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the " Highways thereunto adjacent," were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' *



Ordered,

Rowde Ford and Red Hill Road Petitions reported.

Edinburgh, Linlithgow, and Falkirk Roads Petitionreported.

205

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Ford to

Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shard and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Hill, in

the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent: And that Mr. Joshua Smith, and Mr. Heneage do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing sundry Roads therein mentioned, passing through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2^th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the Boathouse Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow; and from the said Town to Falkirk; and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch-bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow, and also an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That it is judged expedient, and would more effectually promote the repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the aforesaid Two Acts mentioned, if the said Trust was separated and divided, and that the Tolls levied on such Parts of the aforesaid Roads as lie within the County of Linlithgow be applied to the making, repairing, and widening the same, and be put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of the Trustees connected with the said County of Linlithgowj and that the Tolls levied on such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the County of Stirling should be applied to the making, repairing, and widening the same, and be put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of the Trustees connected with the said County of Stirling. — That the Road extending from Carlourie Bridge, formerly the Boathouse Ford, on Almond Water, to the Burgh of Linlithgow, and from thence to Linlithgow Bridge, upon the Water of Avon (being Part of the Roads comprehended in the said Two former Acts) lie within the County of Linlithgow» and the making, repairing, and widening thereof, and the Tolls to be levied thereon, ought to be put under the sole and separate Direction and Management of Trustees, Landholders in, or otherwise connected: with, the said County of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the

Vol. 45.

County of Linlithgow: And that Sir William Cunynghame and Major Moore do prepare, and bring in, the same.

' .1

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo- Lewes Mar-rough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, was presented kets *et't'0D‘ to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners at present enjoy, by Prescription, a Market for Provisions within the said Town and Borough, but the same is too small for their Accommodation, and the Powers thereof too contracted, and the Place where the same is now held is so situated as not to admit of any Enlargement; and that they labour under very

treat Inconveniences in not having a Market for Live tock within the said Borough, which, if instituted, would tend greatly to their Benefit and Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present prescriptive Market within the said Town and Borough, and removing the same to another convenient Place within the said Town and Borough of Lewes, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid, and also for holding a Market within the Districts aforesaid, for Live Cattle.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Kempe, 'Mr. Pelham, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Weston, of Fletching, in the Mr. Weston’s County of Sussex, Miller, was presented to the House, Petition and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River cuckfield Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, Navigation to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to Bill-the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches of the said River, all in the County of Sussex; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner and Occupier of a Water Corn Mill, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex, situate on the River Ouse, between Lewes and Cuckfield, and hath laid out at different Times, considerable Sums of Money in respect of the said Mill, and in procuring a proper Supply of Water for the Working thereof, and the same is wholly supplied by certain Streams, which, by the said Bill, appear to be intended to be made Navigable, and which Streams are frequently, in dry Seasons, insufficient to keep the said Mill in constant Work; and that the Petitioner hath been informed it is the Intention to erect new Locks across the said Streams, for letting Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Craft, up and down the said River, by which, and by the said Navigation, the Petitioner is likely to be injured in his Property and Trade: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Property and Trade; and that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several of the Land Owners and East Grin-Parishioners of the Parish of East Grinstead, in the stead Church County of Sussexon Behalf of themselves and others, Petition.

3 G was

Bath Streets Petition.

Road and Langham Inclosure Petition.

206 4 M A. 1790.

was presented to (be House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1785, the Steeple of the Church of the said Parish suddenly gave way, and falling upon the Body of the Church, entirely demolished the same, so that no Divine Worship has since been performed therein^ and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish have exerted their utmost Endeavours to rebuild the said Church, but find they cannot raise Money sufficient to effectuate the Purpose without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill in order to enable them to raise a Rate among themselves, for the Purpose of re-building the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Medley, Lord George Henry Lenox, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places, in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for removing and regulating the public Markets in the City of Bath, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain Provisions were made, and Powers and Authorities given, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and other Places, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, which Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, have been found in many Respects defective, and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that it is necessary, for the Safety and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, and of Persons resorting thereto, that the said Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, should be explained, amended, and rendered more effectual, and extended to certain new Streets, and other Places, made, and to be made, and laid out, in the said City and Liberties, and the Vicinity thereof, or else that the same should be wholly repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted in Lieu thereof, and extended to the said new and intended new Streets, and other Places aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, extend, and render more effectual, the said Powers of the said Act, or to repeal the same, and grant others in Lieu thereof, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. P the Lord Bayham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Narttos are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be entitled to Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, on Part of a certain Common, or Waste Land, lying within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the

Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was presented to the House,’and readSettling forth, That there is Part of a certain Common, or Waste Land, called Rood mon, lying within, and Part Of, the Manor of Road and

Langham,in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, or One of them, containing, by Estimation, about 500 Acres; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all Persons interested in the said Part of the said Common or Waste Land (which is now wholly uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses) but to the Public at large, if the same was properly divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the same, and for allotting specific Parts and Shares thereof to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests of and in the said Part of the said Common, or Waste Land, in such Manner, and with such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and right.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Phelips, and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Proprietors of certain Works Bradford and made for the supplying the Towns of Bradford and Hortou \v». Horton, in the County of York, with Water, was pre- £rw0lks sen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That retltl0D the Petitioners are Proprietors of certain Works which have been, at a great Expence, made for supplying the said Towns with Spring Water; and that the said Works have been and now are, of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Towns; that they are often injured, and the Water conducted thereby is much wasted, to the great Inconvenience of some Part of the said Inhabitants, and Loss to the said Proprietors; and the said Proprietors are frequently deprived of the Rents (which are in general very small) agreed to be paid for such Water; and that the said Works, under proper Regulations and Powers, might be very much improved, and the Water conveyed thereby preserved pure and clear: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preserving and protecting the said Water WorkB, and regulating the same, and for the better securing the Payment of the Rents thereof, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncottobe, Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Petition (mm are thereunto Subscribed, Owners of Lands in, and Barlby, Inhabitants of, the several Towns of Barlby, Osgodby,

Lund, Cliff, North Dttffield, South Duffidd, and Riccall,

near Selby, in the County of York, wa6 presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York; and Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the several Places above-mentioned are entitled to pass and re-pass over the Ferry at or near Selby for small Payments or Acknowledgments Yearly, and such Ferry is safe and commodious, and very sufficient to answer all the Purposes of Communication in that Part of the Country; and that, if i Bridge should be S " erected

erected over the RiVer Ouse there, find the Petitioners shade subject to 'the Payment of Toll every Day on tohdch they may have Occasion to pass over the same, it will affect and materially injure their Rights, and be an unnecessary and expensive Burthen upon them, and they are informed it is also proposed to subject them to other Restraints in the Use of the said River, contiguous to their respective Estates; and that no Communication towards HuU or any principal Town in the East Riding of Yorkshire, in any respect likely to be of general Use, or public Utility, can be effected by any such Bridge, because there are no direct Roads from Selby to those Places, nor any Materials to be procured to make Roads, or repair those already made, except at a great Distance and very considerable Expence, and it would also be requisite to build another Bridge over the River Derwent, in the Tideway of that River, and, if it were the Intention of the Promoters of a Bridge at Selby to procure any such proposed Advantage to the Public, the Petitioners apprehend it is incumbent upon them to bring forward a Plan for effecting every Thing requisite to attain that End at the same Time, in order that the whole Extent of the supposed Benefit on the one Hand, and the inevitable Expence and Mischief on the other, may be compared and considered together: And. therefore praying, That the said Ferry may remain in its present State, that the Right of the Petitioners to pass over the same may not be varied or affected, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Petition A Petition of several Persons whose Names are

against Selby thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Bridge Bill. others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements adjoining on, or lying contiguous to, each Side of the River Ouse, between the Town of Selby, in the County of York, and the City of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of large Tracts of Land, adjoining upon, or near to, the Banks on each Side of the said River, between the Town of Selby and the said City of York, which, in the Winter Season, are constantly much damaged by being overflowed with Water from the said River, and the Banks against the same, which are composed of Earth only, and in many Places very high, and supported at a great annual Expence, are often injured and broken down by the Overflowing of the said River; and that the Petitioners conceive that, if such Bridge be erected, it will constantly be the Cause of greatly interrupting the free Course of the Current of Water in the said River, and more particularly on the breaking up of Frosts, when there are large Sheets of Ice, whereby the Embankments on such River will be materially injured, and much more liable to be overflowed, and in greater Danger of being broken down than at present, to the great Injury and Prejudice of the respective Estates, of the Petitioners and others, by Reason of such Estates (which contain many thousand Acres of cultivated Land) being Overflowed, and by the enormous Expence that the Petitioners and others would unavoidably be put to in the necessary Repairs of the said Banks: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves Of their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the Hbuse shall seem meet.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Matters of thereunto Subscribed, Owners or Masters of Ships Ship* apart and Vessels used and employed on the Navigation of 1 ‘ the River Ouse, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking. Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Naviga-Vot. 45.

tion of the said River hath been improved, at a considerable Expence, by the Trustees thereof, and is rendered Safe and Commodious, and sufficient to admit Vessels of 120 Tons, and upwards, to the City of York, and such Vessels may be safely navigated to all Parti of the Kingdom, and to Foreign Ports; and that the said Navigation hath been for Time immemorial, and now is, open and free to all Persons, and the Tonnage Dues are extremely low, and the City of York, and the Towns of Tadcaster, Wetherby,

Knaresborough, Ripon, Masham, Richmond, Bedale,

Thirsk, Easingwould, Helmsley, Blackmoor, Kirby-moorside, and a very large Extent of the adjacent Country (which is well cultivated and populous) are supplied with Goods and Merchandize by Means of the said Navigation, and the City of York, and its extensive Neighbourhood, and many other Places, are also thereby wholly supplied with Coals, Lime, and many other Articles, from the West Riding of Yorkshire; and that the Quantity of Lime and Coals, constantly carried up the said Navigation, to be used in and near the above Places, is very considerable, and the Value of the Timber, Lead, Butter, Bacon, and other Articles taken in Return, amounts to a great Sum Annually; and that many of the Petitioners have expended considerable Sums, and others their whole Property, in purchasing Vessels and fitting up the same, to navigate on the said River, and the Maintenance of themselves and Families greatly depends upon the Safety and Success of their Employment therein; and the Petitioners being fully convinced that such Bridge will obstruct and materially prejudice the Navigation of the said River, are alarmed for the Consequences, as it will certainly occasion great Delay, and be very dangerous, to all Vessels passing the said Bridge, particularly those which are deeply loaded, and not in the best Condition, many of which are employed in the Coal Trade, and, should any of them run against the Bridge, which must sometimes unavoidably happen, the Petitioners Vessels, and their Cargoes, will be in the utmost Danger of being totally lost, and by any such Loss the Navigation will be liable to be entirely obstructed for a considerable Time, because the Bridge will confine the Passage of Vessels to one Aperture only, and it is found, by fatal Experience, that Numbers of Vessels are constantly lost wherever Bridges have been erected across Rivers in the Tideways; besides, the Petitioners are informed, it is intended to subject them to expensive Suits, by an opulent Body of Proprietors, for Damages done to the Bridge by the Carelessness or Negligence of their Servants, when the Fact may be so doubtful as not to be determined but by the Verdict of a Jury, and therefore the Petitioners must either submit in the First Instance, or risque the Expence of a Trial; and that, besides the Hazard and Mischief above specified, the River at Selby is crooked and narrow, the Banks dangerous, the Anchorage bad, and the Tide rises high, and runs rapidly, all which render it difficult to'bring Vessels up, either by running them aground, anchoring, or getting Ropes on Shore, and in Spring Tides, particularly, every Vessel ought to bring up and approach the Bridge Stem foremost, to pass with the least Degree of Safety: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Petition from and other Inhabitants of the Town of Tadcaster, as Tad.ca®t£r,lk well within the West Riding of the County of York, 5fr"d"ge jjhi/ as within the County of the City of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Town of Tadcaster is situate on the Banks of the River

fVharfe,

JVharfe, which communicates with the River Ouse, about Six Miles above Selby, and is Navigable, from its Junction with the River Ouse, to the Town of Tadcasteraforesaid; and that the Petitioners have their Goods Water-borne on the said Rivers to a very

f eat Amount, and derive great Benefit by their rade on such Rivers, and are greatly alarmed at the inevitable Delay and Danger the Navigation of the River Ouse must receive from so great an Impediment as the Erection of a Bridge in the Tideway thereof at Selby, where the Foreshores and Anchorage are bad, and at the Injury they must consequently suffer in their Trade: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Navigation of the said River Ouse may be preserved in its present State, free and uninterrupted, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

against Selby thereunto subscribed, Trustees for improving the Na- Bridge Bill, vigation of the River Ouse, an the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Trustees were authorized to make the said River Ouse more Navigable for Ships and other Vessels, and to remove all Gravel Beds, and other Impediments whatsoever, which may hinder the Navigation, either in sailing, or hauling Ships or Vessels upon the said River, and are entitled to receive divers Tolls for Goods and Merchandize conveyed upon the said River above a Place called Mouth; and that the said Navigation hath been improved at a very considerable Expence, and particularly by the Erection of a very expensive Lock and Dam, at the Distance of about Five Miles by Water from the said City, in order to raise the Water in that Part of the River above the said Lock and Dam, and the Tide flows up to the said Dam, so that Vessels of considerable Burthen can safely navigate from the Sea to the said City; apd that many Parts of the said River, below the said Lock and Dam, are so shallow, that any Interruption to the free Course of the Tide would materially prejudice the said Navigation, and occasion great Expence in deepening the same; and that about 1,900 Vessels pass through the said Lock to York Annually, and return through the same, and the Petitioners apprehend the Erection of any Bridge at or near Selby would not only materially interrupt and stop the free Course of the Tide, but would also be very dangerous and occasion great Delay to all Ships and Vessels having Occasion to pass through the same, and would materially affect the Trade upon the said River above Selby, and greatly decrease the Tolls,

- which the Petitioners are authorized to take, as Trustees of the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners may be preserved, that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

against D* thereto subscribed. Commissioners for making navi-Bl ' gable and improving the River Ouse, from below

JViddington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Szvale and Ure, in the North Riding of the County of York, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Commissioners of the said Navigation, and also on Behalf of the several Proprietors of the said Navigation, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make the River Ouse, from below Widdington Ings aforesaid, to the Junction of the River Swale and Ure, more navigable, and to remove all Gravel Beds, and other Impediments whatsoever, which may hinder the said Navigation, either in Sailing, Haling, or Towing of Keels or Vessels upon the said River, and are entitled to receive divers Tolls for Goods and Merchandize conveyed upon the said River from below JViddington Ings, and the said Navigation hath been greatly improved, particularly by the Erection of a Lock and Dam near Linton, in the Coupty of York, and in such Improvements very large Sums of Money have been expended; and that about 900 Vessels pass through the said Lock from York Annually, and return through the same, and the Petitioners apprehend the Erection of any Bridge at or near Selby would not only materially interrupt the free

Passage of the said River, but would also occasion great Delay and imminent Danger to all Vessels navigating upon the River above Selby, and would materially affect the Trade upon that Part of the said River which is under the Management and Direction of the Petitioners, and greatly decrease the Tolls which they are authorized to take by the said Act: And therefore praying, That the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners may be preserved, that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be then heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Henley upon Burgesses, of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in Than»e*Poor, the County of Oxford, and of the Churchwardens and &c. Petition. Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the same Town and Parish of Henley upon Thames, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Town and Parish are very numerous, and are supported at a great Expence, and the House appointed for their Reception is much too small and inconvenient, from its confined State in the Centre of the Town, and is rented at a very considerable Expence, besides which, many Cottages are obliged to be rented for the Reception of such Poor; and that the granting proper Powers for governing, maintaining, and regulating the said Poor, and providing a proper Place for their Reception, will tend to the more effectual Relief of such as, by Age and Infirmities, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the proper Correction and Punishment of the Profligate and Idle, and to the Education of Poor Children in Religion and Industry, whereby the said Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and being suffered to live in Idleness and Debauchery, may be brought to contribute to the Support and Relief mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage and Credit to the Community; and that the Corporation of the said Town, for the Time being, are seised, in Trust for the Poor of the said Town and Parish, of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of a Piece of Ground, called The Poor's Land, containing, by Estimation, about Three Acres, situate on the North Side of a certain Street in the said Town,

called

30 Geo. I'll. 4® Martii. 209

catted West Street, or the North Side of the Hill, from Mr. reported from die Committee, to Leicester

which Street a commodious Way and Passage leads to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of and Welford

the said Piece of Ground, and upon which Piece of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Road ®iU

Ground a convenient Workhouse, with proper Out- Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and committed-buildings, may be erected; and that, from the Im- widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford provements lately made in the said Town, as well by Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and

virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road

the Reign of His present Majesty, as from other local leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said

Advantages, the Inhabitants of the Town are daily County of Leicester; and for repairing and widening

increasing, whereby it becomes highly necessary to Two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and afford every Encouragement to Butchere and other Lane, in the Parishes of Deford and Newbold Verdon,

Persons, who may be inclined to bring Provisions from branching out of the said Turnpike Road, was coin-

the neighbouring Towns and Villages to the Weekly mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Market of the said Town, that the Inhabitants thereof gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; may be the more reasonably and constantly supplied, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and which they are very desirous of doing, was there and made several Amendments thereunto, which they a convenient Place appropriated for receiving, and ex- had directed him to report to the House; and he read posing to Sale, their various Commodities, which they the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the ' at present cannot do, there being no Accommodation, Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: other than the open Air, or inconvenient Stalls, placed Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; in the Streets of the said Town, to the great Annoy- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ance thereof, and of Travellers and others; therefore, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by in order to promote and encourage the bringing and the House.

exposing to Sale, within the said Town, the various Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Articles of Provision necessary for the Supply of the ingrossed.

Inhabitants, the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and

Burgesses of the said Town, are desirous to erect and A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land Amesby appropriate a Market House for, that Purpose, and in the Open and Common Fields of Amesby, in the have found out a convenient Place for so doing, ad- County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and e joining South cm the Market Place, to wit, a Messuage read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners or Tenement, in the Occupation of William Cooper, in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed.

Cabinet Maker, with the Workshops, Granaries, Sta- and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present bles, and Gardens behind the same, and belonging Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, . thereto, together with a Shop adjoining in Front, in but, if the said Open and Common Fields were divided the Occupation of Richard Farmer', and that the said and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Burgesses, are Parties interested, according to their Interests therein, empowered by the said recited Act to remove certain it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore Buildings called The Old Market House, The Middle praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Raw, and The Guildhall, but no Provision is made for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common therein for re-building the same, and there are several Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem other Defects in the said Act, for which a Remedy is proper.

necessary, and it would be to the great Benefit and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Advantage, and to the Adornment of the said Town pursuant to the Prayer-of the said Petition: And that

of Henley upon Thames, to have the said several Pur- Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring poses immediately carried into Execution: And there- in, the same, fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for erecting a Workhouse for the Reception of the A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Harby Poor of the said Town and Parish, and for governing, Lands and Estates, within the Parish of Harby, in the Inclosure maintaining, and regulating the said Poor therein, for County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and l>etltion' erecting a convenient Market and Market House for read; Setting forth, That there are within the said the Sale of Provisions, and regulating and managing Parish several Open Arable Fields, and other Com-the same, for erecting a Guildhall with suitable Apart- monable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the ments thereto, for explaining, amending, and rendering Petitioners, and others; that' the Property in the said

more effectual, the said recited Act, passed iH the Open Fields lies intermixed, and in small Parcels, And

Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, being King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for building open to each other, are subject to frequent Trespasses;

" a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of and that the said Lands and Grounds are, in their preHenley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and sent open State, incapable of being properly cultivated " making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening and improved, but, if the same were divided and in-"some Part of the High Street and the Market Place, closed, and specific Allotments made to the several " for lighting and watching, for regulating the Foot- OwDers thereof, and other Persons interested therein,

" ways in, and for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, the same might be considerably improved: And thereand Obstructions from, the said Town," and for other fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a '

Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open meet Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- House shall think proper.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, shall appear to them, to the House: pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. George Sutton,

Page, See.: And they are to meet To-monrow Mom- do prepare, and bring in, the same, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and A Petition of the Chapelwardens, Overseers of the Salford Poor Records. Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Salford, Petition.

Vol. 45. 3 H in

Nby v

IJoniton Paving, &c. Petition.

Warwickshire Petition for Relief with respect to the County "Rate.

210 4° Marlii. A. 1790.

in the County of Lancaster, together with the Trustees of several lands appropriated to the Use of the Poor within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That from the present great Populousness of the Town of Salford, and the Daily Increase of the Poor belonging to that Township, the Poor House now used there is found much too small, and in all Respects unfit for the due Accommodation of the Poor; and that a new Poor House, or House of Industry, is necessary, and further Regulations are wanting for the better Government of the Poor within the said Township: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Great Western Road from London, and from Portsmouth to Exeter and Plymouth, and to Falmouth, and other Parts of Cornwall, is through the Town of Honiton, and there are now standing, in the Middle of the High Street of the said Town, a large old Building, called The Shambles, and certain Dwelling Houses contiguous thereto; and that the Entrance into, and Passage through the said Town, are very inconvenient, and the Streets of the said Town are badly paved, not kept cleaned, and are not lighted in the Night, and there are many Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments in the said Streets, by all which a very great Inconvenience arises to the said Inhabitants, and the Passage through the said Town is greatly obstructed, and rendered very incom-.modious and dangerous to Travelling, and the remedying those Evils will be of great Service to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all other Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the Entrance into, and Passage through, the said Town more convenient, to take down the said Buildings, to clean, pave, and light the said Streets, and to remove such Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and to enable them to raise Monies for defraying the Expences attending the same, and for indemnifying and making an adequate Satisfaction to any Person or Persons whose Property may be thereby effected, and for such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hbuse:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rolle, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Justices, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Birmingham, in the said County, is become very large and populous, and from the great Number of

Felonies, and other Offences, committed within the said Town, the Maintenance and Prosecution of the Prisoners sent from thence to the County Gaol has very considerably increased the County Rate, which is become a heavy Burthen upon the other Parts of the said County, and by Reason of the great Number of Prisoners sent to the Gaol of the said County, for Offences committed within the said Town, it is found necessary forthwith to enlarge the said Gaol, which will be attended with a very considerable Expence to the County at large; and that the stud Town is rateable only in the same Manner it has heretofore been, which is greatly below its fair and equal Proportion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for relieving the County, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Robert Lawley, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, Deal Paving and other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Petition. Deal, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Highways,

Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town, are not properly repaired, paved, and cleansed, and, on account of various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, the same are rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that it would conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Petitioners, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Highways,

Streets, and Lanes, were properly repaired, paved, and cleansed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr.

Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingham the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble and Wor* Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and Manufacturers, of the County and City reported, of Worcester, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Snape,an Engineer and Surveyor, being examined, said, That he hath taken Levels and Surveys, whereby it appears, That a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made

from

from or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join and communicate with the River Severn at or near a Place called Diglis, in or near the City of Worcester; and that by Means of such Cut or Canal, a better and more certain Communication will be opened for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of and Hull, and

also between the Town of Birmingham, the large Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of Worcester, Gloucester, and Bristol, and the several other intermediate Parts — That the several Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford, and other Counties and Places, will be supplied with Coals from the large and extensive Coal Mines lying upon or near the Line of the said intended Canal, at an easier Expence, and in a more constant and regular Manner, than at present, and many other Benefits will result to the Public therefrom.

And being asked, Whether there is any Water Carriage on the whole Line of this Canal, between Birmingham and Worcester? he said, There is not.

And being asked, Whether he thinks there will be a better Corntnunication by Means of this Canal ? he said, There will; and that it will be a nearer Way than the other Water Carriage between Birmingham and Worcester, whereby Worcester will be better supplied with Coals — That there are no Coal Mines on the intended Line of this Canal, or nearer than Oldbury, at which Place there are now some Pits opening.

And being asked, What Part of this Canal he calls the Summit, and what the Extent of the Summit ? he replied. The Part between Tardebigg, being in Length about Sixteen Miles and an Hair — That this Canal does not communicate with the Birmingham Canal — That there will be Four Pounds, or Summits, on this Canal; the Locks are to be about Sixty-six Feet by Sixteen in the Chamber, and the Falls Six Feet — That the Canal is to be supplied with Water from various Springs which are found in the Bed of the Canal in digging; and Steam Engines are to be erected to raise more Water, so as to form a general Supply.

And being asked. How the Summit Level is to be supplied ? he answered. By such Springs as are found in it, and by Steam Engines, which have Power enough to supply Ten such Canals as the one intended.

And being asked, Whether he was ever concerned in the Execution of any Canals ? he replied. Not in the executive Parts; but that Canals have been executed from his Plans.

And being asked, Whether he has not good Reason to believe that the proposed Canal will, from all Appearances, according to his Judgment, be as well furnished in a natural Way with an ample Supply of Water, as those Canals which have been executed under his Plans ? he said, It will — That he alluded to the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Canals,

as having been executed on the Plan of the intended Canal.

And being asked. Whether those Canals depended entirely upon Water which was to be discovered in digging of the Canal? he said, No.

And being asked, Whether it is meant to raise Water by Engines to supply the Summit of the intended Canal from the River Severn ? he answered, What is not found in digging is to be supplied by Engines from that River; the Distance of this Summit from the River Severn is Fifteen Miles, and the Fall from the Summit is 448 Feet — That the Birmingham Canal is amply supplied with Water by Engines; the Locks of the said Canal are about 74 Feet long, and Eight Feet wide.

And being asked. What other Supplies the Birmingham Canal has besides the Water raised by Engines ? he said, The Summit of that Canal was heretofore Vox- 4£.

about One thousand Yards long, but was found inadequate to the great Trade carried on the Canal; and, in order to obviate that, they are now cutting down the Summit Eighteen Feet deeper, which will lengthen the Summit about Fifteen Miles — That the Birmingham Canal is at present in Part supplied by Reservoirs, but the greater Quantity of Water is supplied by Steam Engines; one Reservoir is about Two Miles, and the other not more than Half a Mile from the Canal.

And being asked, Whether, in dry Seasons, even with these Reservoirs, there is not a great Want of Water? he replied, No; it was just the Reverse — That before Steam Engines were introduced, there was a great Want of Water, which was a Reason for building of Steam Engines, which are supplied with Water from Old Coal Pit Hollows, and by Steam Engines from the Working Pits.

And being asked, Whether there can be any such Supplies from Steam Engines upon the Course of the intended Canal? he said. There are no Coal Mines upon the Canal.

And being asked, Whether the Birmingham Canal would not be amply supplied with Water at all Seasons, by Means of the Steam Engines only? he answered, Yes, very abundantly; and there would be a great deal of Water to spare — That he does not know whether it is intended to take any Water from the Birmingham Canal to supply the intended Canal — That Part of the present Waste Water from the Birmingham Canal runs into the Fazeley Canal, and a Part into the River Rea.

And being asked, Whether, notwithstanding the Fall of the Locks, and the Breadth of the intended Canal, and the Distance from the Summit to the vern, he does not think that the said Canal may be abundantly supplied with Water with Steam Engines, in the same Manner as the Birmingham Canal is from the River Severn ? he replied, It may.

And being asked, Whether the Upper Pound of the intended Canal is on a Level with the Birmingham Canal? he said, It is on a Level with that Part of the Old Canal next to the Town of Birmingham, but not so high as the long Summit by Eighteen Feet.

And being asked. Whether the Water raised by the Steam Engines upon the Birmingham Canal would not supply this Canal, if wanted ? he said, He apprehended it would.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn,

near to the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Wigley, Sir Robert Lawley, and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Hill, and from

Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road, leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neot's, to thp Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had

directed

Biggleswade and Bugden Roads reti-tion'reported.

Tunstall Road Peti Cion.

directed him to report the same, as it appeared to then, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tol-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Godby (Treasurer for the said Roads) being examined, said, That the Trustees have pro* ceeded in the Execution of the said Act, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments made thereto; and that it will also be necessary that a small Increase should be made in some of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereby: Then,

Mr. John Smith (a Surveyor) being examined, said, That the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford, and through Eaton Ford to another Part of the said Turnpike Road, near Neat's Bridge (being about Half a Mile in Length) is sometimes overflowed, and rendered inconvenient for Travellers; and that it would be of great Benefit to Persons making Use of the same, if the said Piece of Road was properly raised and amended: And,

Mr. Godby being further examined, said, That no additional Toll is intended to be taken in, consequence of repairing the said Piece of Road, nor any Money borrowed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint s, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane: And that the Lord Hinckingbrook and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the said Roads are made Two separate Districts, with separate Trustees for the Care of each District, and all the Tolls collected are directed to be applied towards repairing the Road within the District in which they are collected, and not otherwise; and that the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within their respective Districts, which still remain due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same is further continued, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Drayton and Execution so much of an Act of Parliament, made in Newcastle the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the t;on *'

" Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in " Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in

u Hales, in the said County, and from thence to " castle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and " from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in " High Ercall, in the said County of Salop; and from " Shawbury aforesaid to JVem, in the said County, and " from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County," as relates to the said Road from Drayton aforesaid to Newcastle under Line aforesaid, which in the said Act is called The Second District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by the said Act, the said Roads are made Two separate Districts, with separate Trustees for the Care of each District, and all Tolls collected are directed to be applied towards repairing the Road within the District in which they are collected, and not otherwise; and that the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within their respective Districts, which still remains due; and that the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same is further continued, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair; and that by the said Act the Trustees of the said Second District have Powers only to repair and widen the Road to Newcastle under Line, but it would add much to the Safety and Convenience of the Public, if the Powers of the said Act were extended to a Place called The Church Lane-head, in the Town of Newcastle under Line aforesaid, being in Length, from the Terminal tion of the present Turnpike Road there, about Three hundred Yards, and, in case Powers were also granted to take down a Hece of Out-building, the Estate,

Property, and in the Possession of Thomas Boult, and also to pass through a small Garden, the Property, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas Boult, and also to take down Part of a Dwelling House, the Estate,

Property, and in the Occupation of John Lowe, and likewise Part of another Dwelling House, the Estate,

Property, and in the Possession of Thomas Cockei'sole, all which Premisses are situated within the Town of Newcastle under Line aforesaid, and form Angles on the Road, and thereby cause Inconvenience and Danger to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term, and with such further Extensions and Powers, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Ana it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lionel Darner presented to the Hoase, accord- Dorchester ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Roads(^'11 of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the presen Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keepingin Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the Pint Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Leeds and Liverpool Navigation Petition.

213

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to The North Lady’s Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey; whereby the Petitioners were united into a Company, and authorized to make and complete a Cut or Canal, Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near Leeds Bridge, in the Town of Leeds, through the several Townships, Parishes, and Hamlets, in the said Act particularly mentioned, to or near a Place, called The North Lady’s Walk, in Liverpool, and from thence to communicate with the River Mersey; and, to the End the Petitioners might be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were thereby empowered to raise among themselves a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding 260,000l. in the Whole, unless the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, when they were empowered to raise any further Sum, not exceeding 60,000 /.; and that the Petitioners have raised among themselves the Sum of 300,000l., and upwards, which hath been expended in making and completing such Part of the said Cut or Canal as lies between the said Leeds Bridge and a certain other Bridge called Holm Bridge, in the said County of York, and in making and completing such Part of the said Cut or Canal as lies between the said Port of Liverpool and the Township of Parbold,in the said County of Lancaster, and in the purchasing and improving the Navigable River Douglas, alias Asland, in the said County of Lancaster, which is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal Navigation, by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in other Purposes directed by the said Acts; and that about Fifty-six Miles of the said intended Canal remain uncut, by Reason whereof all the interior Parts of the said Counties in particular, and the Public in general, are deprived of the Advantages which would be obtained by finishing the said Canal, and opening a short, easy, and commodious Communication between the said Ports of Hull and Liverpool, and the beneficial Intentions of the said Acts are thereby greatly prevented; and that the Petitioners are desirous of completing and finishing the said Cut or Canal with all Expedition, and for that Purpose have caused the Country, lying intermediate and between the said completed Parts thereof, to be re-surveyed, whereby it appears, that great Difficulties might be avoided, or very much diminished, and much Expence saved, by varying a Part of the said original intended Line of the said Cut or Canal, and by making the same Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a Place called Reediford, in the Township of Great Marsden, in the said County of Lancaster, through Great Marsden, Little Marsden, Pendle Forest, Ightenhill Park, otherwise

Gawthorp, Padiham, Hapton, Altham, Clayton, and Harwood,otherwise Great Harwood, in the said County of Lancaster, to and through a Place called Nab Wood, in Great Harwood aforesaid; and that, in order to complete and finish the said intermediate Parts of the said intended Cut or Canal, it will be necessary to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said incorporated Navigations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to borrow Money for making and completing the said Cut or Canal, and to make such Variations therein, as aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 45.

mine, the Matter thereof; and Report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr.

Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Manchester Neighbourhood of Manchester, whose Names are there-under signed, was presented to the House, and read; ^acco Act. Setting forth, That the Petitioners cannot but observe, with deep Concern, the gradual Progress of the Excise Laws amongst the Manufactures of Great Britain, and the late alarming Step towards the general Establishment of that destructive System of Taxation, by an Excise upon the Manufacture of Tobacco and that the Petitioners are convinced, from Experience, that; although the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, their ultimate and certain Tendency is to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced; and that the whole System of Excise is arbitrary itr its Principle, and oppressive in its Execution, that it subjects the Manufacturer to Delays and Restrictions vexatious and unnecessary, invades the Security of private Dwellings, is peculiarly fitted to become the secret Instrument of iniquitous Oppression, or unjust Preference to particular Persons, and occasions the arbitrary Inflictions of Fines and Forfeitures in many Cases which no Foresight can prevent; and that the Trial by Jury is the unalienable Right of every English-, man in all Cases where his Person or Property is to be decided on, a Right of which every Subject of this Realm is unjustly deprived, who is liable to the Operation of the Excise Laws; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and will chearfully submit to every Constitutional Claim for their Share of the Common Burthen, but they cannot, on any Consideration whatever, silently acquiesce in the Annihilation of their dearest Rights and Privileges, to which, as Englishmen, they are justly entitled:

And therefore praying, That the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Rights and Privileges of Individuals, and to the Injury of the Commerce and Prosperity of this Country.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Bristol Peti-unto subscribed, Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff don against in the City of Bristol, in Behalf of themselves and D#Act-others, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in lieu thereof," the Petitioners are subjected to the Laws of Excise 5 and that, while the said Act was pending in the House, Evidence was given at the Bar, to prove that the System of Excise was inapplicable to those Manufactures, that given Rules could not be made to apply without Injury to the Trade, and Danger to the Revenue, on account of the Complexity and Variety of the Operations, the Uncertainty of the Produce of such Operations, and withal the exposing the Mysteries of every Individual Manufacturer of Snuff to the probable Knowledge' of the Smugglers; and that Experience under the Operation of the said Act hath proved the Truth of the Evidence, the Act (though hitherto executed with Lenity) is injurious to the Trade, dangerous

3 I to

to the Revenue, and in many Cases impracticable, and the Petitioners are fully persuaded that no Modification of the said Act will either ultimately benefit the Revenue, or relieve the fair Trader from the Competition of the Smuggler: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed.

Petition ' A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, wainet the Tobacco and Snuff, in the City of in Be-

obacco Act jjajf of themselves, and others, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, ,c and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," the Petitioners are subjected to the Laws of Excise, and by the said Act the Mysteries of the Trade, of inestimable Value, purchased or received in Patrimony, and hitherto considered as exclusive Property, are exposed — That, by exposing Mysteries, it will enable the Smuggler to supplant the fair Trader in those Articles which are mysterious, and thereby very materially injure, rather than improve, the present Revenues, as in those Articles alone the fair Trader can maintain a Competition with the Smuggler — That it imposes Rules and Regulations on the Manufacturer, which, in some Cases, are impracticable, and in many cannot be conformed to, without rendering the Goods unfit for his Customer, and in consequence subjects him to heavy Forfeitures and Penalties — That it prevents the Manufacturer supplying his Customers for Ten Days or a Fortnight, or sometimes longer, though all the Time in the Possession of the Goods which are wanted, the Manufacturer being under the Necessity of finishing the Manufacture of the whole Parcel before he can make Use of any Part of it — That it debars Manufacturers not in Ports of Importation, from disposing of such Parts of their Tobacco as they cannot vend amongst their own Customers, to the Manufacturers in the Ports of Importation, who are perhaps the only Persons they can sell them to without sustaining a considerable Loss — That it obliges many Manufacturers to alter their Mode of Manufacture, to the great additional Expence and Inconvenience of the Manufacturers, as well as imminent Danger of the Loss of their Customers — That it prohibits the Removal, either with or without Permit, of some Articles in less Quantities than 200 Pounds Weight, which, Nine Times out of Ten, are more than can be sent or sold — That, when executed in the most lenient Manner, it occasions Delays and Interruptions quite inconvenient with the Nature of the Trade, and which, as such, must in the End drive the Manufacture of the Article out of the Country, and give a Power to a malicious Officer to ruin the Business of any principal Manufacturer: And, that for these and many other Reasons, as well as from a full Persuasion that no Modification of the said Act will either ultimately benefit the Revenue, or relieve the fair Trader from the Competition of the Smuggler, therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tavemkeepers, Innkeepers, Coffeehouse-keepers, and Publicans, of the Cities of - don and Westminster, and [Parts adjacent, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in , was

likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, it is enacted, " That all and every Person or Persons, who shall " manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, shall, before he, she, or they shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco 0 or Snuff, take out such licence and Licences as therein-after mentioned;" and that the Petitioners do not conceive that the Legislature, in passing the said Act, meant that the Petitioners should be Objects of Taxation, or that they should be liable to take out such Licence under the said Act, and they do not conceive themselves to be " Dealers in Tobacco," within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, but the Petitioners have notwithstanding been compelled to take out Licences as Dealers in Tobacco, under a Construction of the said Act, that the Tobacco consumed in their Houses constitutes them to be " Dealers in Tobacco;" and that the Petitioners have always cheerfully contributed to the Exigencies of the State, and have and do support very heavy and large Burthens by the many Imposts exclusively laid upon them; viz. £ s d

For every Beer Licence, the Sum of - 118 —

For every Wine Licence - - - 2 4 1

For Spirit Licences - - - - 2 6 —

For every Six Weeks Licence, about Two Shillings in the Pound on the Annual House Rent, (being an Additional Duty on Brandy) so that; if the Rent amounts to Fifty Pounds per Annum, the Licences are - > - - - 4 16 —

£ ti 4

and that none of the Licences above-mentioned are transferrable (except the Beer Licence) so that, as often as the Petitioners remove their Places of Dwelling, not only the Persons taking their Houses, but also the Petitioners, if they continue in the same Trade, are obliged to take out new Licences; and that the Petitioners are put to much Trouble and great Inconvenience by the Number of Attendances at the Excise Office, and the great Delays in procuring their Licences, and the Petitioners in the Out Parts feel themselves very much aggrieved by Soldiers being constantly Quartered on them, for, notwithstanding the re are upwards of Ten thousand Public Houses within the Bills of Mortality, and though the Guards do not consist, as the Petitioners are advised, of more than Three thousand Men (many. of whom are Quartered at the Savoy Prisons and the Tower) yet each Public House is Quartered with a Soldier, which is done by Means of most of the Landlords paying the Soldiers to provide for themselves, instead of entertaining them in their Houses: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Courtney, Christopher Keld, Wil- Tickton liam Squire, and others, whose Hands are thereunto Inclosure set or subscribed, having certain Rights or Interests Petition, in the Carr or Common herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Township of in the Parish

of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, a certain Carr or Common, called Tickton Carr, computed to contain Two hundred and Forty-nine Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be a Benefit to all Persons interested in the said Carr or Common, in case a Division and IncLosure was made thereof, and specific Parts and Shares allotted to the Parties, according to their different Rights and Interests:

Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Carr or Common, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Burton and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

4° Mar.

215

Petition.

Birmingham A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Police Town of Birmingham, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third* intituled, An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways " and Passages within the Town of and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, " and Passages there, and for removing and preventing " Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to amend and explain the said former Act, and for widening certain other Streets and Places, for establishing a Nightly Watch, and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Powers contained in the said Acts, find that the same are in many Respects defective, and insufficient for the necessary Regulations of the said Town; and that it will also tend greatly to the Advantage and Ornament of the Town, and to the safe passing and re-passing of the Inhabitants, and the Public at large, if several Buildings, standing in and about the Market Place, and in different Streets, Passages, and Places, in the said Town, were removed, and if certain Ways, Places, and Passages, in the said Town, were said open and widened, and if further Power was given to pave with Flag, and other Stones, many of the Streets in the said Town, and to remove and prevent Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and that the Powers given, and the Regulations made, by the said Acts, for the Establishment of a Nightly Watch in the said Town, have proved insufficient, and cannot be rendered effectual, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition' be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Fritwell, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, are intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. Jerooise do prepare, and bring in, the same.

B^nbnty- A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and In-Church habitants of the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Petition. VoL. 45.

Fritwell

Inclosure

Petition.

Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Banbury, and the Tower thereof, are in a very ruinous and decayed State, so that Divine Service cannot with Safety be performed therein, and it is necessary that the said Church and Tower should be taken down, and re-built; and that the Expences of taking down, and re-building, the said Parish Church and Tower, will be very considerable, and cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down, and re-building, the said Church and Tower, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr.

Jerooise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Barlow reported from the Committee, to whom Tavernspite the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Roads Bill Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, rePorted-for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Most Honourable Thomas Marquis Deverill of Bath, Lord of the Manor of Deverill jjwlosure

Hussey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County Petition* of Wilts, and the humble Petition of several other

Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the Manor aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, several Open Fields, Open Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, which are, at present, intermixed and dispersed, and incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Sir James Tylney Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bedford thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Freemen, and charity principal Inhabitants of the Town of Be ford, was Pebtian. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That King Edward the Sixth, by Letters Patent, dated the 15th Day of August, in the Sixth Year of his

Bedford

Charity

Petition.

216 4° Martii. A. 1790.

his Reign, granted to the Mayor, Bailiiis, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Bedford, Licence to erect and establish a Free and perpetual School in the said Town, for the Education, Institution, and Instruction of Children and Youth in Grammar and good Manners, and the same School to be of One Master and One Usher for ever; and the Wardens and Fellows of New College, in Oxford, were thereby constituted Visitors of the same School, and Nominators and Admittors of its Master and Usher, with Power to remove them for just Cause, and to appoint others to act in their Stations; and his said Majesty granted the Patentees Licence to have, enjoy, ana purchase Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Yearly Value of 40/. and to have and to hold the same in and to the Sustentation of the said Master and Usher, and for the Continuance of the said School for ever, for the Marriage of Poor Maids of the said Town, and for Poor Children there to be nourished and informed, and also of the Surplusage coming or remaining of the Premisses, to distribute in Alms to the Poor of the said Town for the Time being; and that by Indenture, dated the 2 2d Day of in the

Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and made between the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Town, of the one Part, and Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, of the other Part, the same Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, did, in pursuance of the said Letters Patent, erect, make, found, and establish, a Free and perpetual School within the said Town of Bedford, in a Messuage there, called The Free School House, which the said Sir William Harpur of late built, and the said Sir William and Dame Alice Harpur thereby conveyed, unto the said Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and their Successors, the said Messuage, called The School House, with the 'Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, in the said Town of Bedford, and also Thirteen Acres and One Rood of Meadow, with their Appurtenances, lying in divers Parcels, in or near the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, upon the same Trusts, and for the same Purposes, as are declared in the said Letters Patent, concerning the Lands thereby authorized to be purchased; and that previous to the Year 1764, a great Number of Houses and Buildings were erected on the said Ground in the County of Middlesex, and several new Streets were formed, designed, and made, out of Part of the said Premisses, for the Use of the Public, and by means thereof the Yearly Rents and Profits of the same Trust Premises being then increased to the Amount of 2,609/. 17^- per Annum, or thereabouts, an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates so given by the said Sir William Harpur and Dame Alice his Wife, as aforesaid; and thereby the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Thirteen Common Council, Two Bailiffs, and Two Chamberlains, of the Borough of Bedford for the Time being, the Ministers of the several Parishes of Paul, Saint Mary, Saint John, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the said Town of Bedford, for the Time being, and Five Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Paul, Three Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, One Person an Inhabitant of the said Parish of Saint John, Two Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Peter, and One Person, an Inhabitant of the said Parish of Saint Cuthbert, who shall be resident in the said Borough, and shall have served the Office of Churchwardens or Overseers of the Pooi* of such Parishes respectively, to be elected in Manner, and for the Term after directed, were declared to be Trustees for the setting, letting, and leasing, regulating, disposing, ordering, and managing of the said Charity Estate and Charity, and of the Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and for carrying into Execution the Rules, Orders, and 'Directions, set forth in the Schedule thereto annexed, and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and by the said Rules, Orders, and Directions, there was to be allowed to the Master of the said School the Yearly Sum of 200l. to the Usher the Yearly Sum of 100l. and to the Writing Master the Yearly Sum of 60/.; and there was to be applied and distributed Yearly 800l. for the Marriage of Forty Poor Maids of the said Town of Bedford, of good Fame and Reputation, being Daughters either of Freemen of the said Town, who shall have been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses within the said Town, for the Space of Three successive Years, or of such Inhabitants who shall have been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses within the said Town, not being Certificate Persons from Parishes without the said Town of Bedford, for the Space of Five successive Years, and being of the Age of Sixteen Years, and under the Age of Fifty; and, if there should be any Residue of the said Yearly Sum of 800l. not applied as above, such Residue was to be applied Yearly in equal Proportions among such Maid Servants, not being of bad Fame and Reputation, who should have lived with any of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes in the Town of Bedford for Five successive Years, and should have been married within One Year before such Distribution, and should produce Certificates from their respective Masters and Mistresses of their Service and good Behaviour; and a Sum not exceeding 200l. a Year was to be applied, according to the Directions of the Trustees, in maintaining, cloathing, and employing of Poor Boys and Girls, born and resident in the said Town of Bedford, until they should be of proper Age to be placed or put out to School, Trade, Agriculture, or other Business; and the Yearly Sum of 600l. was to be applied in placing out Apprentice Forty Poor Children, not under the Age of Twelve, nor above the Age of Fifteen Years, being Sons or Daughters, either of Freemen of the said Town of Bedford, who shall have been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses, within the said Town, for the space of Three successive Years, or of Inhabitants who shall have been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses, within the said Town, not being Certificate Persons from Parishes without the said Town of Bedford, for the Space of Five successive Years; and each Boy or Girl was, after the Expiration of his or her Apprenticeship, to be entitled, upon producing a Certificate from his or her Master or Mistress, and the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Apprentice shall have lived, testifying the good Morals and Behaviour of such Apprentice, and that he or she then continues unmarried, to such Sum, not exceeding 20/. nor less than 10/. as the Trustees, or the major Part of them, should think proper; and upon the last Monday in November in every Year, the Surplusage of the Rents and Profits of the Charity Estates unapplied, and coming or remaining of the Year ending at the Michaelmas preceding, was to be applied, by the Trustees, or the major Part of them, for the Relief and Support of Poor decayed. Housekeepers, and other proper Objects, who should have lived and resided within the said Town Five Years at least before they should be admitted to partake thereof; and further, that the Trustees might, firom Time to Time, appoint a Receiver, with a Salary of 250/. per Annum, and also might appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Charity Estates, and also a Clerk to the said Trustees, in such Manner, and with such Allowances for their Trouble and Care therein, as to the said Trustees, or the major

Part

Pail of them, should seam proper; and.that by Means of the said Estates, in and near the Parish of Saint Andi'av, Holborn,being let upon Building and Re-

pairing Leases, as the former Leases have fallen in and expired, the reserved Rents thereof have been greatly increased since the passing of the said Act, and also now amount to 2,917 17 Annum,

and it is estimated, that, in as much as Fifty of the present Leases on the same Estate will expire at Midsummer 1793, and Nineteen more in the Year following, the Rents of the Estates in the same Leases, upon being new let on Building and Repairing Leases, will be increased by the Yearly Sum of 1,000l. or thereabouts, and the remaining Part of the Estates will be also capable of considerable Increase in its Yearly Value upon the Determination of the Leases now in being, some of which have but a few Years te run; and that, in as much as the Revenues of the said Charity are very considerably increased, and are in a short lime likely to be still further increased, the Petitioners conceive it may be expedient again to enlarge the Charitable Uses thereof, and they also conceive that divers Regulations are wanting for the better governing and managing of the said Charity, and to prevent Abuses and Irregularities in the Disposition of its Revenues; and that it would tend greatly to the Correction of such Abuses and Irregularities, and to the general Benefit and Advantage of the said Charity, and greatly promote the good Management thereof, if the following Regulations were to take Place, via. That the Number of Trustees shall be enlarged, by admitting to that Office, in Addition to those appointed by the aforesaid Act, all Inhabitants of the said Town of Bedford paying Scotland Lot, who shall have been actually resident there for Three Years, and be likewise possessed of, or entitled to, a Freehold-Estate within the Town or County of Bedford, of the Yearly Value of 2 oLclear of all Reprizes, but that such additional Trustees shall not be entitled to act any longer than while they^hall so reside, and continue possessed or entitled, and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee who shall be Partaker of the said Chanty, or who shall be appointed by the Trustees to any Place or Office of Profit under the said Charity; but no Person to be incapacitated from being & Trustee merely on Account of having any Child or Children educated in the School, or sent from thence to either University, with the Exhibitions after-mentioned; — That the Warden and Fellows of the Niott College, in Oxford, who are appointed Visitors of the Free Grammar School by the aforesaid Letters Patent, may be authorized and directed to send Two sufficient Visitors Yearly to the same School, who, upon every 16th Day of shall, in a public Maimer, examine the Boys in their Learning, and shall, as Visitors^ examine into the Conduct of the Master and Usher, and also into all Faults and Neglects respecting the same School, and make a Report thereof to the Wardens and Fellows of New College; and that each Visitor be allowed Fifteen Guineas for his Trouble; and that the said Wardens and Fellows shall always have the Power of removing the Master and Usher for just Causes, and of appointing others in their Stead; — That the Trustees shall grant Exhibitions, not exceeding 30 per Annum each, to such Scholars, going to either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, as the Visitors shall from Time to Time recommend, and as the Trustees shall deem most worthy of Preference, hot so as there shall not be more than Six Scholars recasting Exhibitions at any one Time; and that no Scholar shall hold hie Exhibition alter Twenty-four Years of Age; — That in future no Girls shall be put out Apprentice, it haviqg generally happened that no Persons have been found to take them but their own Parents, who, being for the most Part in wry low and indiwafe Circam-Vox 45. '

stances, and following no Trade; have suffered the Bedford Girls to live in a State of Idleness and Neglect; — Chanty That Twenty Boys shall be Apprenticed every Half Pet*tion. Year, not being under Thirteen, nor above Fifteen Years of Age, and that they may be bound at any Time within Six Calendar Months from the Time of their drawing Lots, instead of within Two Months, according to the present Regulations; and that they shall be placed out to Masters of good Character and Responsibility, to be approved of by the Trustees, and that no Boys shall be Apprenticed, unless their Fathers shall have actually been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses in the Town for Ten Years next preceding the Apprenticing, or shall have been born in the Town, and been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses therein for Three Years next preceding the Apprenticing, it having been found that the Hope of obtaining this Part of the Charity has occasioned a great Influx of Paupers into the Town from neighbouring Parishes, who have soon become chargeable to the Parishes within the Town, and thereby occasioned a very burthensome Increase of Poor Rates, which are now, upon an Average, Six Shillings in the Pound; whereas, before the enlarging of the Uses of the Charity under the aforesaid Act, the Pour Rates were only from Two to Three Shillings in the Pound; and such Increase of Poor Rates appears to the Petitioners a great Grievance to the Natives or Old Inhabitants of the Town, for whose Benefit the Charity was designed; — That nd Sum shall be paid, as the Portion of any Poor Maidens, who shall marry Vagrants, or others of bad Fame or Reputation; and that no Poor Maidens shall be entitled to such Portions, unless- their Fathers shall have been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses in the Town of Bedford for Ten Years next preceding their claiming to draw Lots, or shall have been born in the Town, and been Occupiers of One or more House or Houses therein for Three Years next preceding their claiming to draw Lots; it being found that the Distribution of this Part of the Charity tu Poor Maidens of the Description in the present Regulation, has also tended greatly to causing an Influx of Paupers into the said Town, and consequently an Increase of the Poor Rates; — That in future no Sum shall be paid as the Portion of Poor Maid Servants (except to Maid Servants who shall, upon the 1st Day of June 1790, have been Two Years in Service in the said Town) the Distribution of this Part of the Charity having also been found a considerable Cause of the Grievance mentioned in the last Article; —

That no Persons shall be Partakers of the Surplusage of the Rents and Profits of the Charity Estate distributed in the Month of November Annually, unless they shall have previously lived and resided Ten Years within the said Town of Bedford, instead of Five Years, according to the present Regulations; and that the Petitioners conceive that forther Regulations may be wanted for the well managing and governing of the said Charity, and the disposing of the Revenues thereof and particularly for extending the Uses and Ob-jecta of the said Charity with respect to the Surplus of tho Annual Income: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ia a Bill for regulating the said Charity in the Points aboYoenentioned, or ia such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Heritors, Land Owners, and Montrose others, of the County of Forfar, was presented to the House, and read; Seting forth. That the erecting of ^eotion‘ a Bridge across the River South Esk, at or near Mon-twee, would be attended with §peat publie Utility, and would complete the Communication by Bridges

3 K upon

£18 4? Mart A. 1790.

upon the Great Road along the North East Coast of Scotland, from whence the most solid Advantages would arise: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring- in a Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Douglas, the Marquis of Graham, 8cc: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Goldsmiths A Petition of the Wardens of the Mystery of Gold-

Petition. smiths of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, there is contained a Proviso, whereby it is declared, that nothing in that Act contained should extend to oblige any or the following Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked by the respective Companies of Goldsmiths in the said Act mentioned, or any of them, viz. Rings, Collets for Rings, or other Jewels, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, Hollow or Raised Buttons, Sleeve Buttons, Thimbles, Coral Sockets and Bells, Ferrils, Pipe Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, very small Book Clasps, any Stock or Garter Clasps jointed, very small Nutmeg Graters, Rims of Snuff Boxes whereof Tops or Bottoms are made of Shell or Stone, Sliding Pencils, Toothpick Cases, Tweezer Cases, Pencil Cases, Needle Cases, any Philligree Work, any Sorts of Tippings or Swages on Stone or Ivory Cases, any Mounts, Screws, or Stoppers to Stone or Glass Bottles or Phials, any small or slight Ornaments put to Amber, or other Eggs or Urns, any Wrought Seals, or Seals with Cornelian or other Stones set therein, or any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver, so richly engraved, carved, or-chased, or set with Jewels or other Stones, as not to admit of an Assay to be taken of, or a Mark to be struck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, or such other Things as, by reason of the Smallness or Thinness thereof, are not capable of receiving the Marks, in the said Act before-mentioned, or any of them, and not weighing Ten Penny Weight of Gold or Silver each; and that by another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, there is contained a Proviso, whereby it is declared, that nothing in the said last mentioned Act shall extend to compel any of the Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped, or marked with the Stamp or Mark directed by the said last mentioned Act, which are particularly excepted in the said recited Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and that Doubts have arisen, as to the true Construction and Meaning of the said Proviso contained in the aforesaid Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and also as to what Silver Wares are intended by the said last mentioned Act, and by the aforesaid Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be excepted from being stamped or marked with the Stamps or Marks directed by the said Acts, or either of them, and divers Silversmiths and other Persons, making or dealing in Silver Wares, have inadvertently, and without meaning to offend against the said Acts, sold, exchanged, and exposed to Sale, divers small Articles and Wares made of Silver, being of the Standard directed by Law, and not stamped or marked with the Stamps or Marks in the said Acts mentioned, whereby divers Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments may have been innocently incurred by such Persons, from which it is conceived they should be released and indemnified; and it is expedient that the said Provisoes in the said Acts contained, so far as the same concern Wares of Silver, should cease and determine, and that the said Acts should be amended in several Respects, and other Regulations and Declarations made as to Silver Wares:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Alderman Watson, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Petition for are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves additional and others, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in the Peterborough Parish of Saint John Baptist,in the City of paving Bill,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That a Petition hath been presented to the House, . for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, Causeways, and other Roads and public Places, within the said Parish and City; and that the Street within the said City, called Cowgate, is at present under the Management of the Trustees for repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Wansford to Peterborough, and it is necessary that the said Street should be paved, and also that the other Roads within the Township of Peterborough, and adjoining to the said City, should be included in -the intended Bill; and that, in Aid of the Rates to be made upon the Inhabitants, it may be found necessary to lay a small Toll upon Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing to and from the said City, and, in order to secure the Collection of such Toll, it will be proper to erect Turnpikes near the Avenues, and at a small Distance from the Limits of the said City: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration’ of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons who have thereunto subscribed their Names, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in the Parish of Saint John Baptist, in the City of Pis referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Freemen of the Cor- Hallamshire poration of Cutlers, in the Lordship and Liberty of Cutlers Hallamshire, in the West Riding of the County of l*et'tion.

York, established by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freemen of the said Corporation, are greatly injured in their lawful Interests by several Practices, which have for a long Time been made Use of, and the Reputation of the Wares and Manufactures made within the Limits of the said Corporation greatly prejudiced, and the Benefits intended by the said Act to the Trade of the said Liberty, and to the Public, in a great Degree lost and defeated, and, it being generally apprehended by the Members of the said Corporation, as well as by the Petitioners, that those. Evils are occasioned by the

the Usage under the said Act in several Sets of the Public Officers of the Company being allowed to appoint their Successors, by which Means the Persons who have the Charge of the common Property of the Corporation, and of the Management of all its public Concerns, form a separate and distinct Interest, always independent of the whole Body for whom they act, and frequently adopting and countenancing Measures for their own Advantage, at the Expence of the Freemen at large, and which hath occasioned large Sums . to be spent by the Freemen in procuring Redress against the Evils complained of at the Hands of their Corporate Officers: In order to prevent the same for the future, and to procure to the Petitioners, and to all the Members of the said Corporation, and to the Public, the Advantages intended by the said Act, and the just, necessary, and useful Provisions made by the same, for the good making of all the Wares manufactured within the Limits of the said Corporation, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Appointment of the Officers of the Corporation, and to declare to the Freemen of the said Body Corporate for the Time being, the Right of choosing the Officers and Managers of the said Corporation, and also to amend such Part of the said Act as relates to binding Apprentices, and to give to all the Freemen, as well Journeymen as Masters, an equal Right to take and bind Apprentices, to be brought up and instructed in the several Branches of the said Corporation, and to expressly declare the Filesmiths within the said Liberty to be a Part of, and entitled to all the Privileges of, the said Body Corporate, and for such other Purposes as shall appear to the House to be necessary for the ordering and good Government of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Smith'* A Petition of Henry Smith, Lieutenant in the Royal Petition re- Navy, was presented to the House, and read; Setting pecting Sea forth, That, in the Year 1781, the Petitioner served CorawaU 03 Lieutenant in His Majesty’s Ship The Squirrel,

stationed on the Cornish Coast, and, during the Time of his remaining on that Station, he frequently fell in with, and the Ship was in Danger from, certain Rocks on that Coast, called The Wolf Rock, and The Rundle Stone, both of which are liable to be overflowed at certain Times of the Tide; and that the affixing and providing of certain Mark$ and Signals on the said Rocks would be the Means of guarding Ships and Vessels, navigating on the Coast of Cornwall, from the Danger of falling in with the said Rocks, and thereby tend to the saving of the Lives of Seamen, and preventing the Loss of very considerable Property; and that the Petitioner hath invented certain Marks and Signals proper for the above-mentioned Purpose, arid is willing to affix, provide, and maintain the same at his own Risque and Expence, provided he may be allowed such an Indemnification, by Way of a Rate or Tonnage on Shipping'receiving Benefit from such Marks and Signals, as may be thought adequate and reasonable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to erect and provide Marks and Signals on the said Rocks, in such Manner, on such Conditions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 45.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table." '

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Heanor and thereunto Subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Codnorln-of Lands and Hereditaments within the Liberties or PetH

Townships of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Liberties or Townships, several Commons and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and the several other Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said respective Liberties or Townships, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts' thereof allotted to the respective Owners *and Proprietors, according to their several Rights and Interests therein, the said Commons and Waste Lands might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Alfreton thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or R°ads in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of Peut,on* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of " Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place,

" in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from " the Bridlegate at the Division of the Liberties of " Blackrvell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton " in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike,

" at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood,

" in the County of Nottinghamwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, but the said Roads cannot be completely amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof' amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish,

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Bishop’s Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Stortford and Herts, Essex, Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Brandon Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, was pre- ?aT*8®t,on serited to the House, and read; Setting forth. That *110 a Navigation is already completed from the City of London to the Town of Bishop's Stortford, in the County of Herts, and, by a Survey which has been taken, it appears the same may be extended, by proceeding to a Place called Palmer's Water, in the said County, and from thence to the Parish of

220 4f J£Mh. 1790.

raid through die North Partd of the County of Essex, to the Town of Saffron and from the last mentioned Place, through the Counties of Cambridge a«d Suffolk, to join the Brandon River, whereby Communication will be opened to the County of Norfolk; and that a Branch may be made from such extended Line, by a Cut therefrom in the Parishes of Great and Little Abingdon, and Baberham, to join and commonicate with the Town Of , and that another

Branch may be made by a Cat to fall into the Bterwtt Lode, already Navigable to the Cambridge River, whereby convenient Communication will be opened with the Isle of Ely, and the Counties of Huntingdon and Bedford', and that if such Navigation, with the Branches aforesaid, are made, the same will be productive of great Utility and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and the Public in general, by rendering the Carnage of Com, and all Kinds of Merchandize, which pass between the Metropolis and the Counties afore-mentioned, and also the several Towns and Places lying within the said Counties, cheaper and easier than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigation and Cuts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, cod others. Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Kl learnt re . a Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Pa-

Petition UM rish of Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are become very burthensome to the Inhabitants, and the Lewns have of late much increased, and to redress the same, and provide for the said Poor in a more effectual and better Manner than heretofore, the Petitioners have thought it ean-not be done effectually, without providing a House, or Houses, for the general Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and also to take in the Poor of any other, or others, of the adjoining Parish or Parishes, that may think proper to unite with the said Parish of;

but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament, to enable the said Parishioners to borrow Money, in order to carry the same into Execution, and also to unite and incorporate any other Parish or Parishes with the said Parish, that may hereafter be thought expedient: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

?'ven to bring in a Bill for effecting the said several urposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Crewe,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

Distillers A Petition of the Rectifying Distillers of the Cities Petition. of London and Westminster, Borough of Southteerk, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That the Petitioners find themselves much oppressed by the various Regulations which have, for some Time past, been enacted for taking their Stocks of British Spirits, and the Petitioners,

since those Regulations have paved, have been further aggrieved, by having tfacir Gdods rendered liable to Seawre for making them of a Saleable Strength, though they have bona fide paid the Duty to Government, and several of the Petitioners have already sustained great Lose from being in this Situation, and there is no Instance, within the Knowledge of the Petitioners, of any ether Trade being restrained from vending Goods agreeable to the Orders of their Customers; that upon an Advance of Malt Spirits to the Petitioners, they have no other Alternative bat reducing the Strength of their Goods in Proportion to such Rise, as the Prices of Compounds to the Consumer are continued with the same Uniformity as the Price of Beer; and that, since those Regulations were first enacted, the Price of Spirits has varied more than Twenty-seven per Cent.; that when the last Regulation took Place, and the Price of Spirits was 60 /. per Ton, the Petitioners found from Experience that such Allowance was even insufficient to carry on their Business to Advantage, and keep within the Limits of the Law, and it is therefore impossible at the present advanced Price of 661, per Ton; and that the Reasons which have been given in Support of those Regulations are, to increase the Revenue, and prevent Smuggling, and the Petitioners have every Reason to believe that the Reduction of Duty has suppressed the Smuggling of British Spirits, and renders it unnecessary to oppress the fair Traders; and that the Complaints of the Petitioners are aggravated by Dealers reducing their Goods again in the Presence of an Excise Officer, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, who are thereby undersold with their own Articles, and they apprehend, if smuggling of British Spirits can exist under the present Duty, that such Permission to the Dealer may be the Means of encouraging it, as has been heretofore experienced; that the Petitioners also suffer the same Hardships by Retailers reducing their Compounds after the same have been received say them into their Stocks, contrary to Act of Parliament, and the Petitioners conceive that, as Restrictions have been enacted for the Benefit of the Revenue, the Object of Government would be more effectually answered, if the Redaction of Compounds was confined to the Manufacturer only, with a sufficient Allowance to make his Goods fit for universal Consumption; and that the Petitioners, in their present Situation, to avoid having their Goods seized by the Regulations under the Act, are compelled either to sell them at a great Disadvantage, or to submit their Property to great Risque, that their Stocks may appear within the Limitation of the Law, and do Increase be stated upon the Excise Accounts, and the Petitioners are unwilling to pursue their Business under Restrictions which subject them to Loss, or Seizure and Penalty, and aTe anxious to participate in the common Advantages of other Traders in this Kingdom: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, if n eedful, in Support of this Petition, imploring the Protection of the House for that Purpose, and for such Relief in the Matters complained of, as the House shall think most fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles sioane Street

Lord Cadogan, and the humble Petition of the Right Paving, &c.

honourable Welbare Ellis and Christopher D'Oyly, Petition. Esquires, Owners of a certain Piece of Land in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, containing about Ninety Acres, now in Lease to Henry Holland, Esquire, for a long Term of Years, aadof the said Henry Holland, and several Owners and Proprietors of Houses erected upon the said Land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That

s

Petition from Leith respecting the Confiscation of Ships.

That a public Street, called Sloane leading from

Knightsbridge to Chelsea, and several other public Ways and Passages, have been set out and opened, and several Houses, and other Buildings and Improvements, erected and made upon the said Piece of Land; and that the forming the Carriage Way of the said Street, and other public Ways and Passages already set out and made; and of such Streets, Ways, and Passages, as shall hereafter be set out and made, upon the said Land, and making convenient Foot Ways therein, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Street, and other public Ways, and removing and preventing all Annoyances and Nuisances therein, will be a considerable Improvement of the Estate and Property of the Petitioners, and of great Convenience and Security to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, and other Ways and Passages, and to all Persons passing along the same, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Michael Taylor,

Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners of Ships at the Port of Leith, in that Part of Great Britain called whose Names are thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by several Acs for the Suppression of Smuggling, not only the Vessels of the notorious and flagrant Smuggler, but the Ships of the fair and open Trader, are exposed to Confiscation, and, if those Acts make any Distinction between them, the Petitioners beg Leave to suggest that the Distinction appears to be in favour of the Smuggler. The Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, which applies principally to Vessels hovering on the Coast, and as such indisputably Smug-

flers and Objects of exemplary Punishment, has a Clause enabling the Owner or Master thereof, as well as those of the fair and open Trader, on giving Evidence of the smallness of the Quantity of Goods found on Board, and other extenuating Circumstances, to assert his Innocence, and preserve his Vessel from Forfeiture, but, by the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further securing the Property of the Owners in such " Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture, for " importing Spirits or other Goods by the Misconduct of the Master, Mate, and Seamen," after admitting the Hardship that Ship Owners labour under, and the Reasonableness of their being secured in their Property, only gives to the innocent Owners Penalties from the guilty Seamen, which the Owners find impossible to recover; and the Fifty-ninth Section of the Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, enacts, " That every Ship importing any Foreign Spirituous " Liquors (British Plantation Rum and Arrack ex-t cepted) in any Cask containing less than One hundred Gallons, except Two Gallons for each Seaman, " with all her Stores and Furniture, be the Burthen " and Value thereof what they may, shall be forfeited " without any Limitation or Qualification whatsoeverand that, in consequence of those Acts, several of the Ships at the Port of Leith, employed in an open and fair Trade, have of late, on their Arrival from Abroad, been seized and detained by the Officers of the Customs, and the Owners put to great Incon-Vol. 45.

venience, Trouble, and Charges, by the Detention of their Shipping for many Months at a Time, by Application for their Release, by satisfying the seizing Officer, and by Fees, &c. notwithstanding the Liquor or other Goods above the Quantity allowed by Law, found on Board, have been trivial and inconsiderable both as to Quantity and Value, and notwithstanding the Owners and Masters of the Ships were not any way concerned in, or privy to, the Loading or having on Board the same; and that the Ships are seldom carried to Condemnation, yet the Owners, besides sustaining the aforesaid heavy and disproportioned Injury and Expences,. fire liable by the aforesaid Acts to be reduced to a State of Indigence and Beggary by having their valuable Property intirely wrested from them without any Offence whatever being committed by them, and without being able either to prevent the Offence in their Seamen, or having it in their Power to obtain any Recompenco or Satisfaction from the Aggressors, who often cannot be prevented in this unlawful Practice, and are poor in their Circumstances; and that the Ship Owners at Leith, having held a General Meeting, it was unanimously resolved to lay their hard Case before the House, to express their utter Aversion to, and Abhorrence of, all Smuggling whatever, and to submit to the Consideration of the House, whether if some Regulations similar to the following would not tend more to secure His Majesty’s Revenue, than the present Laws, which punish Persons not concerned in an illicit Trade, for the Crimes of those who at present pass with Impunity; viz. If a Law was made inflicting a heavy Penalty on the Persons actually guilty of Smuggling, and Imprisonment till paid, and enacting that where any Liquor or other Goods above the Quantity allowed by Law for the Ship’s Use, are found concealed, and the Aggressor cannot immediately, or before the Ship is cleared of her Cargo, be discovered, that the Owners are to forfeit Treble the Value of all the Goods so found, and the Ship detained until paid, such Owners being authorized to deduct the said Forfeiture out of the Wages due to the Master, Mate, and Seamen; and, if the Offender shall afterwards be discovered, the seizing Officer to cause him to be prosecuted for the said Penalty, and thereupon the Forfeiture of Treble the Value of the Goods seized, so paid by the Owners, to be repaid to him for the Use of the Persons from whom he may have deducted the same, except the Persons convicted, and their Shares to go to the Informer or Prosecutor, but the Ships to be in no Case liable to be seized or detained, unless for the aforesaid Forfeiture, nor liable to Confiscation, unless Proof is obtained that the Owners are concerned in, or privy to, the carrying on the illicit Trade; and that the Shipping at Leith is at present considerable, and breeds many Seamen for His Majesty’s Navy, as will appear from the Navy Books, where it will be found that more Seamen entered, or were impressed, for His Majesty’s Service last War than at any Port of its Size in the Kingdom, and the Port yields a considerable Revenue to Government; and that the Petitioners can-net continue to carry on the Business of Ship Owners, unless some Alteration is made in the present Penal Laws against them: And therefore they hope that Directions will be given for such a public Bill to be introduced as will repeal those Laws which subject Ships to Confiscation, where no Evidence can be adduced against the Owners of apy Connivance in, or Knowledge of, Contraband Goods being on Board, and fixing the Crime of Smuggling on board Ships employed in the open and fair Trade upon the Persons who must from the Nature of the Business be guilty, and thereby afford the Petitioners that Protection and Security which, as Persons whose Property is embarked in a Trade as fair and open in itself as productive to

3 L the

222 4° Ma. A. 1790.

the Revenue, and as advantageous to the State as arty Trade whatsoever may appear to merit, and as tb the House shall appear just.

Petition A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the

from Whitby of Whitby, in the County of York, was also pte-theConfifca- to the House, and- read; Setting forth, That

tion of Ships, the Petitioners are informed that the OWness of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon have presented a Petition to the House, stating the Hardships they labour under, in consequence of the Several Acts in force for Suppression of Smuggling, particularly the Act Of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, which enacts, that every Ship importing any Foreign Spirituous Liquors ( Bri Plantation Rum and Arrack excepted) in any Cask, containing less than One hundred Gallons, except Two Gallons for each Seaman, with all her Stores and Furniture, be the Burthen and Value thereof what they may, shall be forfeited without any Limitation or Qualification whatsoever, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing those Laws which subject Ships, employed in a fair Artd open Trade, to Confiscation, for the Misconduct of Masters and Seamen, affording to the innocent Owners of Such Ships such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners have large Property in Shipping, which is equally liable to Forfeiture or Confiscation, for the Reasons in the above-mentioned Petition referred to, and themselves liable to be reduced to a State of Penury by sach Forfeiture, without any Offence whatever being committed by them, or having it in their Power to obtain any Re-eompence from the Aggressor: And therefore praying the House to take the said Petition from the Owners of Ships of the said Port of Hall into Consideration, and grant such Relief in the Premises as is thereby prayed, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

L*jdi* Wi?ler' A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Petition tl"8 Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented ’ to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is not at present a necessary and regular Supply of wholesome Water within the said Town for the Use of tl»e Inhabitants, yet that a sufficient and constant Supply thereof may be obtained by a Regulation and Improvement of the Water Works which at present supply the Town, but the same will be attended with a considerable F.x pence; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Power is given to light and cleanse the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town, and to remove and prevent certain Nuisances and Annoyances therein, but the said Streets and Places are subject to various other Nuisances, and also to several Encroachments and Obstructions which the Provisions of the said Act are not sufficient for removing and preventing, and there are several Streets and other Places, within and near to the said Town, to which the said Act doth not extend, and which are not properly lighted, and are subject to divers Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and that the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water, and removing and preventing all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions within the several Streets and other Places before-mentioned, and lighting such of the said Streets and other Places before-mentioned, and the lighting such of the said Streets and other Places as are not within the Limits of the said Act, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be giteti to bring in a Bill ter effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbtrjorce, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, Marlborough to whom the Petition of the Trustees named and ap- Road‘Pet>-pointed in and by Virtue of an Act of Parliament, tion rel,ortetl-made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign . of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kenhett, to Sheppard’s Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill,

and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, and for carrying into Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebuty to Wroughtoh, and from the North Side of

Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in Blundsden, in the said County, and also of many of the principal Landholders and Inhabitants residing in or near the said Roads; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees named and appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West to Sheppards

Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at in the County of Wilts, and for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon, to The Carpenters Aims in Blunsden, in the said County,

Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the first-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, artd had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he . read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloWeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were read: And",

Mr. Heniy Merrewether being, examined, said, That the Sum of 2,0001, is now due on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and that the said Roads c&rtttot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further extended and enlarged.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Henry Merewelher, being examined, said,

That the Road ort the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to a certain Place ort the West Side of Wansdyke, and not exceeding One Mile in Length, adjoining to the Roads directed to

be

Stourport and Worcester Navigation Petition.

Cow Cross Street Petition.

30 Gte<5. III.

4" Mitr

Be repaired by the Said Acts (beinoPairt of the Iliads comprized iii an Act, paSsed in the Twenty-Fourth Year of His present Majesty) dould he more conveniently repaired and amended if the same was added to the other Roads under the Care of the Trustees For executing the said Acts; and that the 'trustees for putting the sai(j Act of the Yvrenty-fourth of His present Majesty into Execution are desirous to be disfcharged from the Repair of the sfcid Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for enlarging the Ternife, and altering the Powdrsj Of two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His presedt Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West to

Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare arid Hounds in

Beckhampton to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of to The Carpenters

Anns in Blutisden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, iurning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton td Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward: And that Sir James Tylhey Long and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigable Canal, from the Trent and Mersey Navigation at Great Haywood, in the County of Stafford, to the River Severn at Stourport, in the County of Worcester, which has been productive of great public Renefit; and that the Navigation of the River Severn has never in any Respect been improved, but remains in its natural State, and is in many Places Effected by Shoals, and Beds of Rock, Sand, or Gravel, which in dry Seasons impede the Passage of Vessels, with heavy Burthens, upon it; and that the Petitioners, with a View to improve the said Navigation, iately began to remove some of the said Shoals between the Termination of the Petitioners Canal at Stourport aforesaid, and Digits, near Worcester, a Distance of about Thirteen Miles, and therein expended a considerable Sum of Money, but were prevented from effecting their Design for Wahtof Parliamentary Powers; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible, that the Removal of the said Obstructions would increase the general Advantages of their Canal, and greatly tend to the Public Benefit, aUd the Petitioners are desirous, at their own Expence, and without charging the Public with any Toll or Duty whatever, to effect the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH to enable the Petitioners to scour, cleanse, and deepeny the Bed, or Channel, of the River Severn, from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to Digits, near Worcester, and to remove and prevent all Obstructions therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: Ahd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hous6:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of ffie Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which is in the County of Vo L. 45.

223

of the Inhabitants of the Liberty of

Bents, in the

ffrhn Hill, Hattdn Garden, and _____7 ... ..

Parish-of Saint Andrew, Holborn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making of a new Road, or Street, from Cow Cross, in the said Pgrt of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, to Hatton Garden, in the said Liberty, will be very convenient and advantageous to the Public, and beneficial' to the said Inhabitants: And therefore prayingy That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable certain Trustees, to be therein named, td purchase such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as may be necessary for the making and opening of the said Road or Street, and to make and open the same, to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, by the Sale of Annuities for Lives, and at Interest, on transferable Bonds, and to make, raise, and levy Such Rates Or Assessments on the Inhabitants of the said Part of the said Parish and Liberty, as may be adequate to the paying of the said Annuities and Interest, and all Expences incident to the said Bill, and Road,. Or Street.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clopk, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Bromham and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Road* Pui-being severally Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, tion-within the several Counties of Bedford and Bucks, near the Roads herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Bromham Bridge, by Bromham Grange, in the Parish of Bromham, in the County of Bedford, and through the Parish of Stiverton, to Tutvey, in the same County, and from Purvey, through the several Parishes of Brayfeld, Lavendon, Warrington, and Olney, in the County of Bucks, to the Turnpike Road, leading froth Wellingborough, in the same County, to Olney aforesaid, and also the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney, up a Lane called Dagg Lane, to Weston Underwood, in the said County of Bucks, and from Weston Underwood, through Parts of the Parishes of Raven-stone and Stoke Goldington, in the said County, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the said County of Bucks, are in many Parts much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the said Roads were properly repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants, residing upon or near to the said Roads, and be of general Public Utility, by facilitating the Communication between the several Parishes and Places before described, with the Turnpike Road, leading from Wellingborough to Olney aforesaid, and the great Turnpike Road, leading from the Tofam of Northampton, through Newport Pagnell aforesaid, to the City of London, and making the Carriage of Com and Coals, and other Produce of Lands, and the Manufactures of those Parts of the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, adjacent to the said Roads, more easy and practicable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Commonable Lands Cultivation Bill presented.

Duke of Atholl's Petition.

224 4° Martii. . 1790.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John, the Earl of Upper Ossory, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. JoUijjfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands, within that Part of Great Britain called England: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day SevennighL

A Petition of the most Noble John Duke of Atholl, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent that the House may do therein as they shall think proper, and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; Setting forth, That the Isle of Mann was, in the-Seventh Year of the Reign of Henry the Fourth, granted to Sir John Stanley, " cum omni Dominio et Justitia " Regali," under which Grant it was held and enjoyed,

until, in Order to determine some Family Disputes, and for a pecuniary Consideration paid by William Earl of Derby, King James the First, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, re-granted the Isle of Mann to that Earl, and in the same Year an Act of Parliament was passed, assuring and establishing the said Isle, unalienably in the Heirs General of James Lord Stanley, under which Parliamentary Entail, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, James Duke of Atholl, succeeded to and took Possession of the said Isle of Mann, on whose Decease, in 1764, the Succession devolved on John Duke of Atholl and Charlotte Dutchess of Atholl and Baroness Strange, his Wife, the Petitioner’s Father and Mother, and the Petitioner became entitled to the immediate Possession of the Isle of Mann, soon after the Demise of the said John Duke of Atholl, in 1774, by virtue of a Deed executed by Charlotte Dutchess of Atholl and Baroness Strange, his Mother, for Reasons therein recited; and that great Frauds and Abuses having been practised upon His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, as well in Great Britain as in Ireland, by the illicit and clandestine Trade carried on by British and Irish Subjects between the Two Kingdoms and the Isle of Mann, and those evil Practices having grown to so unparalleled an Extent as to be productive of a Loss to the Public, which was computed at no less than at 350,000l. Annually to the Revenue* of Great Britain alone, and it being conceived that to annihilate this Evil altogether, no other Means would be effectual than that of laying heavy Prohibitions and Restrictions on Imports and Exports to and from the Island, and placing Officers of Revenue, and armed Vessels, in the Ports and Harbours thereof with Power to enforce the same, for which Purpose, and to avoid interfering with the acknowledged Rights of the Lords of Mann, and at the same Time to avdid the heavy Expence which the Public must otherwise have sustained by Coasters and other Vessels, it was thought expedient that the Sovereignty of the Island, and the Revenues of the Customs thereof, with some of the Rights of Property therein, should be re-vested in His Majesty upon a fair Compensation to "be made by the Public to the Proprietors, an Act was passed in the -JFifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, whereby

the said Island, and the Sovereignty of the same, were vested in the Crown, reserving only to the Proprietors thereof their Landed Property and Manorial Rights by Words of Exception contained in the said Act, and the Sum of 70,000 /. was thereby directed to be paid by the Public, and to be vested in Lands for the Uses in the said Act mentioned, as a Compensation for the Sovereignty and Rights of Property so vested in the Crown, and to which it is proper the Petitioner should add, for the Information of the House, His Majesty was pleased subsequently to grant to the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Petitioner’s Father and Mother, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, an Annuity of 2,000l. per Annum, on the Irish Establishment, in Consideration, as it is expressed in the Grant, that the Revenues of Ireland, as well as those of Great Britain, would be greatly improved by the Surrender of the Island; and that the said re-vesting Act was made under the Pressure of the Moment, when the Urgency of the Mischief called for an immediate and effectual Remedy, and when, from the recent Possession of the Petitioner’s Father and Mother, they could form no accurate Idea of the Extent or Value of the Rights and Interests which were necessary to be ceded, and the Act was passed without any Evidence produced to prove what Rights of Property in particular were necessary to be vested in the Crown for the Security of the Public Revenue (the sole Object of the Act) from future Frauds and Evasions; and for want of those Lights and proper Precautions, the Proprietors were under the general Transfer, and Re-vestment of the Island, and its Sovereignty, divested of sundry valuable Privileges and Rights of Property, not only unnecessary to have been transferred for the Protection and Security of the Public Revenue, but from their Nature wholly unconnected with it, and which, though they afford little Benefit to the Public, were of material Importance to the Petitioner and his Family; and that in the Hurry of the Transaction of 1765, arising from the Urgency already stated, the Titles of the Petitioner’s Family appear not to have been perfectly understood, insomuch that Words of great legal Import, contained in the Act of the Seventh of King James the First, for the Settlement and Entail of the said Island unalienably, were omitted to be inserted in the Preamble of the said Bill of 1765, and which, as the Petitioner is advised, militate against the Power of James Duke of Atholl, to new model the Succession by the Deed of Trust of 1756, recited in the said Preamble, but to the Uses of which Settlement the said 70,000l. has been actually applied by the Trustees thereof, under the Sanction given to the new Entail by that Agreement, made between the Crown and the said Trustees, and under the Power also given to the Trustees of the same Entail by the Provisions of the said Act for vesting Mann in the Crown; and that, as the Petitioner does not contest the Proposition that private Advantage should give way to public Expediency, so also he hopes that it will not be denied that a full and fair Compensation should be allowed to any Individual for such Rights of his as may be deemed necessary for the public Service; and the Petitioner is confident that upon a minute Investigation, it will be found that the Sum of 70,000l. and the said Annuity granted to his Family in 1765, were by no Means an adequate Compensation for the said Transfer, and that this Inadequacy might have proceeded from the probable Reasoning at the Time of the contingent Nature of the Revenue of the Isle of Mann, and which it might have been supposed would be considerably reduced by the Annihilation of the Contraband Trade, carried on by British Subjects to England, Scotland, and Ireland; that it appears by the Schedule annexed to the Act of 1765, the Revenues of the Isle of Mann

amounted,

amounted, for Five Years, to about 6,500l. Annually, and although from the Circumstance of the Merchants having an extraordinary Quantity of Goods on Hand, which, by Prohibitions laid on in 1765, were of Necessity kept for the sole Consumption of the Inhabitants, and by the Duties even on those having been, in a great Measure, evaded, the Revenues of Customs were considerably less productive than they would otherwise have been for a Course of Years after the Re-vestment, yet it will be found, on Enquiry, that exclusive of the Harbour Dues, and the Produce of the Herring and Salmon Fisheries, they have amounted, on an Average, for the whole Period since 1765 to about 3,000l. and

that they have been progressively improving, insomuch, that for some Years past they have amounted to nearly 5,000l. Annually, and that, with proper Management and Attention, no Doubt can be entertained of their future Increase; that he 'is confident it cannot be with reason contended that the Sums above stated were an adequate Compensation for such a Revenue, and for those Sovereign Rights and Prerogatives, and the Property of those Castles and Harbours which became vested in the Crown; that the Petitioner trusts it will appear, that in affording him that Redress which is the Ground of his Petition, and by restoring to his Family those specific Rights which do not bear upon or connect themselves in any Degree with the pernicious Practices for the Prevention of which the Act of 1765 was passed, the primary Object of the Legislature will be perfectly attained, and every Clause of the Act of 1765, and of every other posterior Act, which secures and guards the Revenues of the Public from Abuse or Evasion, continue in full Force and in full Effect; and that the Petitioner has no Wish to interfere in any Instance, or in any Manner, with the Sovereignty of the Crown, or with any of the Powers given by the Act of 1765, which are necessary for public Purposes, that he only desires that Parliament may restore to him such Rights as are consistent with the Safety of the Revenue, and enable him to avail himself of such Rights, and receive the Benefit of such Branches of his Property, as have been lost to him, and have not been productive to the Public, and that by a permanent Arrangement and Settlement of those Circumstances which the Petitioner has laid before Parliament in his Petition, the private Interest of his Family in the Isle of Mann, he trusts, will appear to be in no Degree incompatible with the Public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire what Rights and Species of Property are necessary or expedient to remain vested in the Crown for the Protection and Security of the Public Revenues, and what are the Value thereof, and also how far, and to what Extent or Value, the Petitioners -remaining Rights and Interests in the said Island have been, or will, by the Dismemberment thereof, be impaired or diminished, or that the House will afford such other Relief to the Petitioner as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Selby’s A Petition of Thomas Selby, Esquire, and Catherine

Petition.y his Wife, and William Commyns, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves, and of Patrick Power, Esquire, William Carr, Esquire, and Henrietta his Wife, Barbara White, Widow of Nicholas White, Esquire, deceased, Charlotte Strickland, Spinster, and Sir John Lawson, Baronet, which said Catherine Selby, William Commyns, Patrick Power, Henrietta Carr, Barbara White, and Charlotte Strickland, are the Heirs at Law of Sir Roger Strickland, late of Cattcrick, in the County of York, Baronet, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Vol. /45.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Sir Roger Strickland being seised as Tenant in Tail Male of the Manor of Catterick, and of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Catterick aforesaid, with Remainder to Robert Strickland, his younger Brother, for Life, with Remainder to the First and other Son and Sons of the said Robert Strickland successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the said Sir Roger Strickland and his Heirs, was in the Year 1689 attainted of High Treason, and thereby forfeited to the Crown all the Estates of which he was then seised, in Possession or in Reversion, and the Crown accordingly seized and held the said Manor and Hereditaments until the Death of Sir Roger Strickland, which happened in or about the Year 1717, without his leaving any Issue; and that the said Robert Strickland having died in the Life Time of the said Sir Roger Strickland his Brother, leaving Issue Three Sons, the Eldest of whom did, upon the Death of the said Sir Roger Strickland, claim to be entitled to the said Manor and Hereditaments as Tenant in Tail Male, by reason that the said Forfeiture was, by the Death of the said Sir Roger Strickland without Issue, suspended as long as there should be Issue Male of his Father, the said Robert Strickland, existing, and his Claim being allowed, he was accordingly let into Possession of the said Manor and Hereditaments, the Reversion in Fee thereof still remaining vested in the Crown; and that, by virtue of divers Conveyances, Assurances, and Acts, in Law, the said Thomas Selby, and Catherine his Wife, in Right of the said Catherine, the said William Commyns, the said Patrick Pozcer, the said William Carr and Henrietta his Wife, in Right of the said Henrietta, the said Nicholas White and Barbara his Wife, in Right of the said Barbara, and the said Charlotte Strickland, became and are now in the actual Seisin or Possession of the said Estates as Tenants in Common, except a small Part thereof, which hath been lately purchased by the said Sir John Lawson, but Doubts have arisen whether the Reversion of and in the said Estates, which by virtue of the said Attainder became vested in the Crown as aforesaid, has ever been barred, by Reason whereof no Person may chuse to become a Purchaser of the said Estates at a full and valuable Consideration: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion of the said Estates, and vesting the same in the several Persons who are now in the Seisin or Possession thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply de-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means de-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the fen-ed-Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for taking off the Dufies upon Tin Bill Unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries passed, beyond the Cape of Good Hope, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3 M The

A. 1790.

Slave Trade deferred.

West India and Quebec Trade Bill deferred.

Motion respecting the Representation in Parliament superseded.

Lords

Amendment to Dibden Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Truro Paving Petition reported.

226 ' 4° — 5°

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of die Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging " to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in " The West Indies'," and the other intituled, "An Act " to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, " from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The " West Indies into the Province of Quebec, without " Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and " Restrictions."

Ordered, That Mr. Flood have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Representation of the People in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 5° die Martii;

Martii.

Vvoian, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Streets of the said Borough are in a ruinous State, and subject to various Encroachments and Nuisances; and that it would be of Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough if the same was properly paved, cleansed, widened, and lighted, and Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances removed, and the Drivers of Carts, and other Carriages, and the Porters within the said Borough, regulated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall: And that Colonel Boscawen and Mr. Hiley Addington do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Charles Picrrepont, Esquire, the Re- Cotgrave verend Pierrepont Crump, Clerk, William Morris, p"ct^*"nre

Thomas Morris, and others, Proprietors of Lands, and re 1ion‘ Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Cotgraoe, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields and other Open Lands lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but that, if the Fields and other Open Lands afore-mentioned were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement to the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and other Open Lands afore-mentioned, iq such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Boscawen and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Anno 30* Georgii III. Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lordfc to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 27. I.21. After "exchanged" insert "other " than and except the Rector of " the said Parish."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Colonel Boscawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Truro, in foe County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had examined foe Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to foe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where foe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lords JValker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Macclesfield Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed Road Bill. in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering foe Road from Macclesfield, in foe County of Chester, to foe Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Harewood Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, Inclosure Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Dunkestoick -man, Huby Common, JVescoehill Common, and JVeeton Green, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for better supplying foe City of Norwich, Norwich and the Parts adjacent, with Water, was read a Second Water Bill Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of petition for Houses within certain Streets and Places in foe United additional Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evange- Rro^rsion in list, in the Liberty of foe City of Westminster, com- jtoer pea5^'"‘n' monly called Optional Streets, was presented to the Bill.

House, and refui; Setting forth, That foe Petitioners

find

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill presented.

Dudley Road Petition.

find Application hath been made to the House, by the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting several Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberty, and Parts adjacent, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to enforce the Payment of the Rates authorized to be made within the said Optional Streets, and for other Purposes; and Representing to the House, That by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Power of paving the several Streets within the said United Parishes, which were then under the Management of the said Commissioners (except the said Optional Streets) were taken out of the Hands of the Commissioners, and put under the Management of a certain Number of the Parishioners, to be Annually chosen Committee Men by the Vestry of the said United Parishes, subject in some Respects to the COntroul of the said Commissioners, but the said Optional Streets still continue and are now under the sole Direction and Management of the said Commissioners; and that the Inhabitants of the said Optional Streets have been and now are charged with much higher Rates, for the several Purposes aforesaid, than the Inhabitants of the other Streets within the said United Parishes for the same Purposes, and they apprehend, if the said Optional Streets were put under the Management of the said Committee Men in like Manner as the other Streets and Places within the said United Parishes, the Works within the said Optional Streets would be properly done, and at a much less Expence to the Inhabitants than they are now charged with for the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for putting the said Optional Streets under the Management of the said Committee Men for the future, or that a Bill may be brought in for giving the said Committee Men the like P ower over the said Optional Streets, as they have over the other Streets and Places within the said United Parishes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and fighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Cuddick’s Ena, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a House called The New Inn, in the Parish of Pattingham, in the County of Salop, is in a ruinous Condition, and in several Parts narrow, and at some Times almost impassable for Carriages, and there are some very considerable Windings in the Course of the said Road; and that, if the said Road was properly amended and widened, and the Course thereof altered, in the Parishes of Dudley and Sedgley, and in such other Places as shall be judged necessary, so as to make the said Road shorter, and more safe and commodious, and in a more direct Line than at present, Vojl, 45.

the same would be a great Benefit to Travellers and other Persons having Occasion to pass upon the said Road, and, by opening a regular Communication with several considerable Collieries and Lime Works, and also with several extensive Manufactories, would be of great public Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, \vas presented to the House, ^dlrional and read; Taking Notice of the last preceding Pe- DuTleyltoad. tition; and Setting forth, That a certain Piece of Road, branching out of the present Turnpike Road, leading from Dudley to Kingswiiiford, in the County of Stafford, at Shutt End, in the Parish of -switiford, and leading over Gornall Wood, to join the present Turnpike Road from Dudley to Wolverhampton, near the Road leading the reout to the Wren's Nest Lime Works, in the Parish of Sedgley, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Carriages, and, if the said Road was amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, it would open a Communication with the Collieries and Lime Works in the Parishes of Dudley and Sedgley, and would be of public Utility; and that the amending the said Piece of Road will render it proper to make some Alteration in the T0II3 payable upon the said Dudley and Kings-winford Turnpike Road in respect of Carriages passing upon that Road, and also upon the Piece of Road intended to be repaired as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Piece of Road, and for altering the said Tolls, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants Dudley of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, Paving. *c-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, "eU"un* That the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town and Parts adjacent, are not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Parts adjacent, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, and other public Passages and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, were removed and prevented in future; and that the said Town, and Parts adjacent, are not at present properly supplied with Water, but a sufficient Supply might be had if Power was given to lay Pipes, ana make such other Works for conveying Water from such Places as shall be found convenient in the Neighbourhood of the said Town: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, by such

Ways

M

<m

5° Martii.

A. 1790.

Petition.

Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c. And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Croston, &c. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Drainage thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors, or Agents for Owners or Proprietors, of Lands and Tenements in the several Townships of Croston, Mcrwdesley, Rufford, Latham, Bispham, and Ulnes-Walton, all in the County of Lancaster, or some or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the several Townships above-mentioned, a considerable Extent of Low Lands, which are subject to be overflowed, and thereby much damaged, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Lands were drained, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bowes Road

Petition

reported.

Admiral Leoeson reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Bowes, in the County " of York, to Brough under in the County of Westmorlandand also an Act of Parliament,

made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual " an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the " County of York, to Brough under in the County of Westmorland, and for repairing and " widening the Road from Maiden Castle to " Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the " Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and " King's Pitts, and also the Road from Barrow Brow " to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, also " from Tan Hill and King's Pitts, to Beck Crooks and " Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to Whaw Lane Head, " and by Lilly Jocks to and several other

Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Aets were read: And,

Edward Heelis being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, of which the Sum of 1,649/. now remains due —

That the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the said Money be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged — That the Road leading from the said Road, between Maiden Castle and Kaber Cross aforesaid, near a Place called Buckles Stoop, over Buskay Moor, to Church Brough, and also the Road leading from the said Road, between Maiden Castle, by Tan Hill and King’s Pitts, to Reeth aforesaid, to the Collieries now open at Kettlepot, are in a ruinous Condition, and that the making and repairing the same will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, and from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and to the Coal Works at Taylor Riggy and to Tan Hill and King’s Pitts, and from Barrow Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, and from Tan Hill and King’s Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to JVhcew Lane Head, and by Jocks

to Reeth, in the said Counties; and for repairing and widening the Road from Buckles Stoop to Church Brough, and from the said Maiden Castle and Taylor Rigg Road to the Colliery at Kettlepot, in the County of Westmorland: And that Admiral Leoeson and Sir Michael Le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Owners, Proprietors, and Workers Petition of Lead Mines, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves n 1 and the other Owners and Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said

County of York;and Setting forth, That the Petitioners convey a great Part of the Produce of their Mines to the River Ouse, and Canals communicating the rewith, and the same is conveyed down the said River to York, and into the River Humber, and the Petitioners hoped that the free Navigation of the said River, which is of such material Consequence to them, would not have been interrupted or rendered dangerous by any Bridge to be erected in the Tidesway upon the said River; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that a Bridge to be erected at Selby, where the Current is rapid, the Tide flowing high, and the River narrow, will render the Navigation of the said River extremely dangerous, greatly impede and delay the free Course of Trade along the said River, and be extremely prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but the Course and Navigation of the said River remain as it is at present, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have other Relief in the Premises.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Petition from Hemingbrough, in the County of York, was also pre- Heming-sented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice brough of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That according jjSjJIMt dltto to the Custom of England, the Men and Tenants of the ancient Demesne of the Crown of England are freed, and so ought to be, from all Pannage,

Morage, and Passage, in and throughout the whole Realm of Englandtand are entitled to divers other

Privileges

30 Geo. III. ^29

PtfviltJgOs 'arid ftnflitihitfes: and that the T<JMn 6f Remkigbtotigh *te ancient DetneStie Land of the CWWn Of Engtahd, add by the Cufetdfn aforesaid, and tilsb by Letters Patent, dated the 13th of July, in the Seeohd Year Of 'the Ttitign of King Charles die Fiffet, are acquit, frbfed, and 3o clear, froth all Poll, Pannage, MOfage, or Pafeferige, of their Goods add Chattels ih or to Ohy Marked Pair, or any olfh'er Plkde, within the stealth of Ettgland; and that, if ktt’y Bridge should be erefcted over the River Ouse, as at present proposed by many Inhabitants of Selby, and sririle OthCr Individuals, and the Petitioners should be rriade £tib-jnct to the Payrnent of Toll for passing the Sahlri, it will materially affect their Rights, and be a very heavy Btfrtheh on them, as they have frediteftt Occasion to pass Ovter to and from Selby, thfe neatest Maricet Town, and the Petitioners are informed other Restraints are proposed to be laid on the free Use and Passage of the Said River; and that die present Ferry at Selby is safe and commodious, and fully sufficient to answer all the Purposes of Communication in that Part of the Country, and the Petitioners are ritell aSStired no public Benefit will arise to the Community at large, as a Communication with any considerable Town in the East Riding of Yorkshire cannot be effected Without a Bridge over the River which is not even proposed: And therefore praying, That they may be protected in the Enjoyment Of their ancient Rights and Privileges, that the Feify may remain in its present State, that the Passage of the said River may fee left free and open as heretofore, for the Petitioners, and not varied or affected, tirat the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, and such Immunities, as to the House shall seem meet.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants, Grocers, Tradesmen,

agaiwt Selby Shopkeepers, and other Inhabitants, of the' Town of

Bridge Bill. fiasingtobuld, in the North Riding of the County of Yotk, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, aS Well on Behalf of themselves, as the other Inhabitants of the said TbWri and Neighbourhood, was also presehted to the HouseC, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Petitioners, are Water-bbrtie on the River Ouse to and frdm the several Parts of the ‘said River, nearest to the Petitioners Residences, and the Erection of a Bridge, in the Tideswtty, over the sdid Rivet at Selby will He highly detrim'Chtal to the Navigation of the said River above Selby, and fender such Navigation vefry dangerous for all Vessels Which have Occasion to pass such Bridge; aird thsit the Petitioners are gfeatly alarmed at the Prospect of the Mischiefs, Loss, and Inconvenience, which- must befal them if such Bridge shorild be erected, as well froth the Danger, as1 from the Delay, to be unavoidably occasioned thereby, and the consequent Detention of their Goods on such River, which Goods will be thereby rendered liable to greater Damage, and the Freight and; Insurance thereof be increased: And therefore praying, That the said BH1 may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor and Coirtrii’ohklty of the

Gity of Yotk, wbs also presented to the HohsC, and read; likewise taking Notice of the' said1 B3f; add setting forth, That Yotk is ar Very anci’etif and Considerable City, in at- Central Part of the extensive and populous Courtty of Yotk, and many Fairs and Markets are held in the said City, and the Citizens thereof are entitled to various’ Privileges by anCiCnt Grants and Charters, and immemorial Usage; and that the Trade and Prosperity of the said' City, notwithstanding its Distance from the Sea, hath hitheftb befen in- a< great Degree supported by the Advantages arising from- a free arid safe Navigation fof Vessels of V o i* 45.

cohMdgf&b'Ie BCrthen Vo the said City, on Payment of Vfefjr fob TOriha^e Ratios* and by continuing the Roads add Cofnfouriicatioris thereto iri their ancient and iTatfural Course, most of which ‘have ‘been made Turnpike, and are now iri excellent Coridition; and sthat tfiC Petitioners are materially interested in the Wel-ftfre arid Prosperity of the said City, and the Trade arid Population thereof, and the value of their EstateS, Fr&hcKises arid Interests, held and enjoyed by ancient Charters, Grants, arid immemorial Usage,

VCry much depends thereon, and the Petitioners ap-pfenerid the sarnie would be essentially prejudiced arid afrected by the erection of any Bridge across the River Ouse at or near Selby: And therefore praying.

That the Rights arid Interests rif the Petitioners may be preserved iri their present State, and riot prejudiced by the Erection of any such Bridge, and that the said full may hot pass into a Law, or that they may have shch other Relief in the Premises as to the Houise shall seeiri ineet.

A Petition of the Land Owners and Lime Burners Petition in the Town arid Neighbourhood of , in the agaiustSelby

County of York, was likewise presented to the House, n ge 1 ' arid read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; arid Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lime, arid other Goods are conVeyed on the River Ouse to the City of York, and other Plaees above Selby, in the Petitioner^ Vessels, and they derive great Benefit from such Trade, the River Ouse being now safe fop the Passage of Vessels; and that the Petitioners) well know that the building any Bridge in the Tidesway of a navigable River, is extremely prejudicial to the Navigation thereof, and they have reason to apprehend the worst Consequences froin the Erection of one at Selby, in a narrow part of the River where the Tides flow very high, and the Current is rapid, and, as the Navigation of thfe said River will be thereby rendered, in an eminent Degree, dangerous, the Erection of such Bridge will, of Course, be extreitiely detri-iriental to the Interests of the Petitioners: Ana therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be indemnified against the Loss and Damage of their Vessels at such Bridge in such Mariner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners ate to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the s&id Petition.

Otdered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the Sixteenth Day of this Instant March.

A Petition of Richard Harvey, Clerk, Vicar of the Ramsgate Church of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of in Chapel Peti-

the County of Kdnt, arid of divers ' Inhabitants of tion' the Parish of Saint Laurence aforesaid, was presented to the HousC, and read; Setting forth, That the Towri Or Vifl of Ramsgate, within the Parish of Sdiht Ldurtnte, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Rent, hath of late Years considerably increased, and is still likely to increase, iri Extent' of Buildings, and Nuiriber Of Inhabitants; and that the Church of the said'

Parish of Saint Laurence is a Mile distant from a great Part Of the said Town of Vill of Ramsgate, and besides^ is nOt’ found sufficient for the Accommodation of all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and it would be a very great Convenience to the Inhabitants of Ramsgate, to have a Place for Divine Worship within the' said Town or Vill; and that the Church of the said1 Parish of Saint Laurence is a Rectory Impro-

3 N priate

priate within the Diocese of Canterbury, and the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in Right of his See, is seised of the Rectory Impropriate of the said Church, and, as Rector of the said Church, is entitled to collate to the Vicarage thereof; and that the said Archbishop of Canterbury, upon Application from the said Richard Harvey, the present Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Laurence, and from various Inhabitants of Ramsgate, and others, have approved of having a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the said Parish of Saint Laurence, erected and established within the said Town or Vill, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof, and John Fagg, of Ramsgate, Gentleman, being seised in Fee Simple of a certain Piece of Freehold Ground in the said Town or Vill, hath lately consented to make a Donation of the said Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of having the same appropriated to the building of a Chapel of Ease thereon to the Church of the stud Parish of Saint Laurence', and that the said John Fagg,the said Richard Harvey, Joseph Norwood, of Canterbury, Esquire, John Holman, and John Horn, of Ramsgate, Gentleman, have, at their own Expence, caused to be erected upon the said Piece of Ground a Building intended for a Place of Divine Worship, ‘and to be a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the said Parish of Saint Laurence, and the same is already completed and furnished: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence in the Isle of in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Place.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and

-against the Snuff in the Town of Paisley, North Britain, was obacco Act presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners were subjected to the Laws of Excise, and by the said Act the Manufacturers are subjected to a new and arbitrary Mode of Manufacture, to the great additional Expence and Inconvenience of the/ Manufacturers, as well as imminent Danger of the Loss of their Customers — That it imposes Rules and Regulations on the Manufacturer, which in many Cases cannot be conformed to, without rendering the Goods unfit for his Customer, and subjects' the Manufacturer to Pains and Penalties which he can neither foresee nor prevent — That it puts a total Stop to every Improvement in the Manufacture; as it restricts the Manufacturer in his Returns to certain per Cents. which cannot be complied with but at the Risque of spoiling the Whole, and with as much (or indeed more) Propriety might the Legislature enact that every Farmer in Great Britain should be compelled to produce a certain specified Quantity of Flour or Meal, and no more, from the same Quantity of Corn, of whatever Quality it might" be of, it being a well known Fact, that there are as many or more different Qualities of Tobacco than there are of Corn, and consequently their Retuns as different — That it prevents the Manufacturer supplying his Customer for Ten or Fourteen Days, or often longer, though all the Time in Possession of the Goods wanted, the Manufacturer being obliged to finish the Manufacture of the whole Parcel before he dare use any Part of it — That it occasions Delays and Interruptions quite inconsistent with the Nature of Trade, and which must

soon drive the Manufacture of that Article out of the Country — That it exposes the Mysteries of the Trade to the Officers and to the Smugglers, and gives a.

Power to the Officer to ruin the Business of any Manufacturer; and that it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, an Excise Law is totally inapplicable to the.

Manufacture of Tobacco, an Article which undergoes; such a Variety of Alterations in the Process of Manufacture, and it is also their Opinion, no Law consistent with the British Constitution can ever be effectual in, raising a Revenue on Tobacco, while the Duties continue so high, and they see nothing before them but the Ruin of their Manufacture, and the Triumph of the Smuggler, unless the Duties are considerably reduced:

And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, and the Duties on Tobacco reduced, so that the Revenue may be benefited, and the Fair Trader »

relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Journeymen Silk Weavers, Coventry Silk residing in the City of Coventry, and in several Towns petition* and Places in the County of Warwi, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the.

Journeymen Silk Weavers in the said City, and.

Towns and Places aforesaid, have for many Years past laboured under great Hardships, on Account of the Abatements frequently made in their Wages, and also from the Master Weavers being allowed to take and have in their Service at the same Time any Number of Apprentices they think proper; and that it would be a great Relief to the Petitioners, and to all the other Journeymen employed in the Silk Manufacture, within the City of Coventry, and County of Warwick, and would, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, tend to encourage the Silk Manufacture carried on therein, if the like Provision was made with respect to all Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the said City and County of Warwick, as 'is made by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and the Liberty of the Tower of London: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think, just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmot, the Lord Eardley,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented Bromsgrove to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge f"*1 the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in j^ented. the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the.

First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County, of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingin the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and Manu- petition facturers, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County against the of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, an r CanaT*"

Applica- Bill.

Petition against the Birmingham and Worces* ter Canal Bill.

231

Application is making to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Canal Navigation, from the Town of Birmingham to the River Secern, at Digits, near Worcester;and that there has been already made and completed, at a very large Expence, one Communication by Water, from the Town of Birmingham, to Worcester, by Means of the present Birmingham, and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canals, which falls into the River Severn at Stourport, and another Communication is now making, under the Sanction of Parliament, and nearly finished, between those Places and the Collieries on the Upper Line of the said Birmingham Canal, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals at Tipton, which will be fully sufficient to answer every good and useful Purpose of Water Conveyance between the Town of Birmingham and Worcester, and the City of Worcester, and other Places down the Secern, may be thereby supplied with Coals from the Mines lying at a Distance from Birmingham, instead of taking them from that Manufacturing Town, and upon as cheap Terms as by the proposed Canal; and that no Public Meeting has been called to consider of the Expediency or Utility of making such new Canal, and the Petitioners conceive the same calculated to answer the private Views of the Schemers thereof, and not founded on Principles either of Necessity, or real Public Utility-; and that Birmingham is a large and populous Town, in which various Manufactories in Iron, and other Metals, are carried on, and such Manufactures greatly depend upon, and cannot be advantageously prosecuted without, a regular Supply of Coals at a moderate Price; and that Coals have been for some Time past, and now are sold at a considerable advanced Price at the said Town, and the Petitioners are fully satisfied that the proposed Canal, if made, will increase the Price of Coals, and prove highly injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel against the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills and other Works, upon the several Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That, below the Line of such intended Canal, there are many Mills worked by Water flowing from various Springs and Brooks arising in and above the Line of such intended Canal, at which Mills very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on, and very large Sums of Money have been expended in planting and establishing such Works and Manufactures, and the Support and Maintenance of a large Body of Manufacturers and Labourers, their Wives and Children, depend on such Works; and that the present Supply of Water is not fully sufficient for the necessary Uses of the said Mills and Works, and, in' case the said intended Canal should take place, the same must unavoidably intercept and take away great Part of the Resources of Water which now feed and support the Brooks and Streams from whence the said Mills are supplied with Water, and thereby such Mills and Works will be very considerably injured, if not wholly ruined, and the Trade lost; and that the Petitioners hope their Manufactories will be deemed of Public Utility and Importance, and on that Account entitled to Encouragement and Protection, and they apprehend no Advantage is likely to be derived to the Public from the said intended Canal adequate to the Injury which the Petitioners and others will unavoidably sustain by it: And therefore praying. That such Bill may not pass into a Law,

Vol, 45.

and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of Richard Benyon, Esquire, and the Re- Petition verend Peter Beauvoir (Rector of the Parish of Saint ®pin»t John, Hackney, in the County of Middlesex) Lords of church^ill the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory, of Hackney aforesaid, as Trustees and Devisees in Fee under the v Will of Francis John Tyssen Esquire, deceased, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates and principal Inhabitants within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, to enable Trustees to purchase Land in such Part of the said Parish as they shall think fit, and to build a new Parish Church, with other Buildings thereon, and likewise to set out Part of such Land for a Cemetery or Burial Ground, for the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are informed and believe that the present Church and Tower, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, might be taken down, and re-built upon the present Foundation, or sufficiently enlarged on the present Scite, and made commodious for the Inhabitants, at a very moderate Expence, and the Owner of a certain Piece of Ground contiguous thereto is willing to accommodate the Parish with such a Quantity of Ground as shall be thought necessary to be made use of for enlarging the said Burial Ground; and that the purchasing Land, and erecting and fitting up a new Parish Church and other Buildings, as proposed by the said Bill, which must be attended with a very considerable Expence, will create a great and unnecessary Burthen upon the Petitioners, and the several other Inhabitants and Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And therefore praying,

That they may be beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill in its present Form, and against the several Provisions thereof, and that the Powers thereof may be confined to taking down and re-building upon the same Foundation the present Church and Tower, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, or to re-build and enlarge the same on the present Scite, and for enlarging the present Church Yard, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Church Yard, belonging thereto, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Coupsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according R0wde Ford to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road and Red Hill from Remade Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine,in the County of Wilts; and p

for

5° Martii.

A. 1790.

for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second «nd Setting forth, That there are certain Commons, Stinted Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Pastures, Mooes, and Waste Grounds, belonging to King Gwrgethe Second, and in the Twenty-third Year the aaid Parish, which, in their present Situation, are

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways incapable of much Improvement, but, if the same were between Sheppard's Shard and Horsley Upright Gate, divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted leading down Ragdown Hill, in the County of Wilts,to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto to their respective Rights, it would tend to the Ad

adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

Wortley

Chapel

Petition.

vantage of the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Riding of the County of York, was presented to the Mr. John Leather and Sir Michael Le Fleming do pre-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants pare, and bring in, the same, of the Township of Wortley having become very nu-

rnerous of late Years, from the great Increase of the A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Glamorgu

A Petition of John Smyth, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wortley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West

on

Petition

Woollen Manufactory carried of there, and the Parish Land, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Church of Leeds, and the Chapel of Amdey, the Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the f^f^,ctuig

poly Places where to the Inhabitants of the said Township of Wortley have a Right to resort for the Performance of Religious Worship, being much too small for the Accommodation of all the Parishioners, the Petitioner has caused to be erected, on the Waste of the said Manor, called Wortley Green, a com*-, mpdious Chapel, with proper Appurtenances, and hath provided and set out a Burying Ground adjoining thereto; and that it is very desirable to the Petitioner, and others, Inhabitants of the said Town-

County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Lime is the Chief Manure for Land within the said County, without which the Land is found unproductive, and its Crops deficient: and that the Culm, as also the Coals used in many Parts of the said County for burning Lime and other Purposes, are brought partly from the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and partly from the River Bury (which River separates the Counties' of Glamorgan and Carmarthen) and other Rivers, Ports,

ship, to have the said Chapel and Burying Ground Creeks, and Places, in the said County of Glamorgan,

consecrated, and the said John Smyth is willing to establish a certain Endowment for the Minister of the Said Chapel, in Consideration of the perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of such Minister, and of a certain Piece of the said Common or Waste

to other Rivers, Ports, Creeks, and Places, within the County of Glamorgan,where there are no Lime Stones,

or Veins of Coal or Culm, in small Vessels or Boats, and such Coal and Culm being subject to heavy Duties, and the exorbitant Fees paid to the Custom

Ground, called Wortley Green, being vested in him the House Officers there *on shipping the same on Board said John Smyth, and his Heirs, Lord of the Manor small Craft, me a great Discouragement to Aericul-

of Wortley for the Time being, without nevertheless tore in the said County; and that, if a like Regu-

ipnpeaching or in anywise prejudicing the Right of lation was made in respect to Culm brought, or to be the Vicar of the said Parish, to all Fees and Immu- brought, into the County of Glamorgan from and out nities to tl^e Vicar for the Time being belonging: And of the said Port of Milford, or from or out of the said

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in ~ ~ -

a Bi)l for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Asbbam

Inclosure

Petition.

River Bury, or the other Rivers, Ports, Creeks, or Places, within the said County of Glamorgan, adjacent to Veins of Culm and Coal, or convenient for the shipping thereof to other Rivers, Ports, Creeks, or Places at a Distance from such Culm and Coals, within the said County, for the Purpose of burning Lime, Mr, Buncombe and Mr- WUherforcedo prepare, and and other Purposes, as, by an Act passed in the Thirty-bring in, the same. third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was made

with respect to the Duty upon Culm brought from A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Askham, in the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, the County of Westmorland, on Behalf of himself and into the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, others, interested in Messuages, Lands, and Tene- and Merioneth, for the like Purpose, it would tend

nfients, within, or hefonging to, the Parish of Askham aforesafd, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there me certain Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the said

much to the Improvement of Land within the said County of Glamorgan: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and-that Leave may be given to bring in such Bill as shall

Parish, which, in their present Situation, me incapable give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House of much Improvement, but, if the same were divided may seem fit_and reasonable.

and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to ' their respective Rights, it would tend to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Tavenupite Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Roads Bill Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- passt<1' pair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubbcrston

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Haking, in the County of was read the Third

Mr. John Lmvther and Sir Michael Le Fleming do Time.

Low (her Inclosure Petition.

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within or be-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Yew of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Ttmernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and

longing to the Parish of Lowther, in the County of Tenby, and to Hubbcrston Haking, in the County of JVastmoveland, was presented to the House, and read; Pembroke.

s Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Barlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marlborough Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Roads Order,' a Bill for enlarging the Terms and altering

presen the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the -Roads leading from , through

West Kennett, to Sheppard's and from The Hare

and Hounds in Beckhampton to the Top of Cher rill llill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of to

The Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants and Owners of Ships Liverpool in the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto the*Confis- subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; cation of Setting forth, That the numerous and important Ad-

Ship*. vantages arising to every Maritime Power from em-

ploying the greatest possible Number of Ships in the Carrying Trade, are Facts too well known, and too firmly established, to require fresh Proofs, or further Notice, to any Member of the Legislature; and that other Nations, who wish now to acquire, or aim at increasing their already acquired, Maritime Strength, are using every Art, and exerting their utmost Efforts,

- to gain as large a Share as possible in that advantageous Employment, and, whilst other States are holding out particular and considerable Encouragements for this special Purpose, many and most depressing Clauses in our own Laws are permitted to remain unrepealed, and almost unnoticed: That, by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, Owners of Ships are made answerable for all Spirituous Liquors, Tea, or Coffee, found on Board their Ships, on Arrival in Great Britain, from any Foreign Ports in Europe, in small Packages, exceeding a certain Allowance for each Man on Board, as specified in the said Act, and the Punishment for such Delinquency, though committed without the Knowledge of the Owners, and in express Breach of their positive Orders, is no less than the Confiscation of the Ship, with her Tackle and Furniture; and that the Value of such Ship is usually from One to Three thousand Pounds or upwards, and the Purchase of the Liquors, Coffee, or Tea, for which this heavy Penalty is incurred, will seldom amount to Thirty Pounds, and not often to a Third Part of that Sum, and such a Disproportion between the Crime and the Punishment, and the Infliction of that Punishment upon those who are not only clear of all Offence, actual or intentional, but have it not by any possible Means within their Power to prevent the Commission of the Crime, is certainly a Hardship which calls loudly for Redress; and that the said Law, as it now stands, is a great Discouragement to Persons of Property and Character from becoming Owners of Ships in the Carrying Trade, and without proper Modifications must tend eventually to injure much, if not totally destroy, that excellent Nursery for Seamen; and that, if the absolute Confiscation of the Spirits, Tea, and Coffee, and an additional pecuniary Penalty, payable by the Defaulter, bearing some Proportion to the Duty upon the Articles so seized, were imposed, and rigorously exacted, the Punishment would become an Act. of Justice, and the Crime be no less an Object of Vol. 45.

.Detestation: And therefore praying, That such Relief ,uu\y be granted the Petitioners as the House shall judge needful.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Tamer Ferry Mount Edgcumbe, and the humble Petition of Reginald Petitio". Pole Carew, of East Antony, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Parishes of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, are situate nearly opposite to each other, upon the Great navigable River, called The Tamer, and contain several Towns, Villages, or Hamlets (particularly Plymouth Dock, in the said County of Devon, ana Torpoint, in the said County of Cornwall) which are become very populous, and Places of considerable Resort, whereby a constant Intercouse is occasioned between the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and the establishing and maintaining of a Ferry for the Conveyance of Persons, Cattle, Carriages, Goods, and Merchandize, between the said several Parishes, across the said River, will not only be of great and permanent Utility and Convenience to the Inhabitants of both Parishes, as well as to those of other Parts of the stud several Counties, but of public Benefit; and that the Petitioners are willing, at their own Charges, to provide, maintain, and keep, a competent Number of substantial and convenient Boats for the Use of the said Ferry, with a sufficient Number of able and experienced Ferrymen, and to erect Dwelling Houses and other necessary and convenient Buildings for the Purposes thereof, on being authorized to demand and receive reasonable Rates for Passage and Conveyance; and that the Ground requisite for the Purpose of such Ferry, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel aforesaid, is vested in the most Noble George Marquis Townshend, the Right honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, and the Right honourable Charles Lord Somers, in Trust for His Majesty, and the Ground requisite for that Purpose in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacojb, otherwise Antony in the East aforesaid, is the Inheritance or Freehold of the Petitioner, Reginald Pole Carew: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Petitioners to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, to contain such Clauses, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, and Restrictions, as. the Nature of the Case may require, and to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Aldridge, See.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Southwark an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Road* Peti-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the tioiu Second, intituled, "An Act for opening and making a " new Road, from the East End of New Street, in the

3 O " Parish

" Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the " several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping " the said Road in Repair for the future;" and also another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution have opened and made a new Road, pursuant to the Directions of the said first-mentioned Act, and upon the Credit thereof have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been expended in making the said Road, and keeping the same, and the several other Roads mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, in Repair; nevertheless, the said Roads cannot be kept effectually in Repair, and amended according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, and the Monies advanced On the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term thereby granted be enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual; and that the Part of the said Road, leading through Part of a certain Street, called The Folly, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in Surrey, is very narrow, whereby the Passage thereof is greatly impeded, to the Inconvenience of the Public, and the Inhabitants, and the same cannot be widened without a great Expence, whereas a safe and commodious Road might be made to avoid the said Street, to lead from Dockhead, in the said Parish, on the South Side of the said Street,. called The to Lilliput Hall

Bridge, being Fifty Rods in Length, and it will be of much Advantage to the Public, to make a new Road, to lead from the South East End of Free School Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, through Three Oak Lane, to join the said Turnpike Road at Dockhead aforesaid, being Thirty Rods in Length, and also a new Road, from the said Turnpike Road at the East End of Mill Pond Street, in the Parish of Bermondsey aforesaid, through certain Grounds, to the West End of Paradise Row, in the Parish of Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, being Eighty-eight Rods in Length: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the same, and for making and keeping in Repair the several Roads to and from the several Places herein-before last described, in such Manner and Method as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refered to Sir Joseph Lord

William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mumby, A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Hogsthorpe, of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, and Anderby Lands, and Grounds herein after mentioned, was pre-Petitfon? sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes of , Hogsthorpe,

and Anderby, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Grounds, computed to contain in the Whole about 2,700 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cawthom and Mr. Pye do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are PetitioR thereunder written, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous against the Liquors, and Householders, residing in the City and Spirituous Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was pre- Licence Act. sented to the' House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty’s for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, the Petitioners are required to take out an additional Licence Annually, and the Sums paid for such Licences are regulated by the Rates of the Houses occupied by the Petitioners, and, by the said Act, they are required to attend at the Chief Office of Excise in London, Eight Times in each Year, to pay by Instalments the Sums directed by the said Act, and all Houses rated under 15/. per Annum, occupied by Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, pay 2/. 1 os. per Annum for such Licence, which Payment increases according to the Sums at which the Houses are rated; and that, prior to the said Act, the Legislature, in Tenderness to the fair Trader, reduced the Duties upon Spirituous Liquor's so low, as to enable the Petitioners to purchase Brandy, of the first Quality, at Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Gallon upon the Average, but which, at this Time, cannot be bought for less than Eleven Shillings, and the Prices of Rum, and other Spirits, have advanced in Proportion; and that the Petitioners conceive the said additional Licence was directed by the House in Consequence of the then reduced Price of Spirituous Liquors, and upon the Ground of the Petitioners not being liable to the then existing Tax on Shops; and that the Petitioners are at all Times willing to contribute to the Exigencies of their Country, in common with their Fellow Citizens, but feel themselves partially aggrieved by the Continuance of the said additional Licence, as the Payment of the Instalments is attended with great Trouble, Spirituous Liquors are nearly as dear as ever, and as the Shopkeepers have experienced the Liberality of the House by a Repeal of the Shop Tax, the Petitioners crave Leave to submit their Case to the Consideration of the House: And therefore praying, That the said Act of the Twenty-seventh of His present' Majesty may be repealed, and that they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, in Support of this their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the -Table.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Stallengers of Holy Island Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, whose Inclosure Po-Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the tit*on*

House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor of Holy Island, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Holy Island Common, upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Common of Pasture for their Cattle; and that, if the said Common was divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably ini proved:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common and Waste Land, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, Orders, and Restrict tions, as the House shall think proper.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

African Slave Bill ordered.

Butknell

Inclosure

Petition.

House to adjourn.

Committee on West India and Quebec Trade Bill.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pye, Mr. William Milford, and Mr. ,do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue " for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Burges do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Samuel Phipps, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of BuckneU, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor certain Woods and Wood Lands, the Property of the Petitioner, in which the Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient Messuages or Tenements within the said Manor are entitled to a Right of Estovers; and there are also within the said Manor certain Common Fields, the Property of the Petitioner and others, and certain Open Commons and WTaste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioner, subject to a Right of Common in the Owners and Proprietors of certain Hereditaments and Tenements within the said Manor, which said Woods, Wood Lands, Common Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present State, are not capable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioner, and to the other Persons interested therein, to be held in Severalty, it would be a great Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Woods, Wood Lands, Common Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, by such Ways and Means, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Alexander Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West

dies," and the other intituled, "An Act to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of " Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Voi. 45.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Killingworth Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Killingworth Inclosure Bill Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of comoutted* Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alexander Popham, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Billtopre-the further Prevention of Delay in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Cawthorne, Mr. ^nrdei^on*' Brandling, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That there be laid before this House, such Estimates as have been transmitted by the Engineers from the West intheWe*t-Ifidia Islands, or that can be made by the Board of Indies, with-Ordnance, of the Expence necessary for the carrying on drawn, arid.completing the respective Fortifications, and other Military Works, now erecting, or proposed to be erected, for the Defence of our different Islands in The West Indies.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Other pies of the Estimates or Computations that have been made by the Committee of Engineers at The Tower,fx or by the Chief Engineer, of the probable Expence of such Fortifications as they have recommended to the Master General of His Majesty’s Ordnance to be erected in His Majesty's several Islands of Antigua,

Saint Christopher's, Dominica, Barbadoes, Saint,

and Grenada.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mora- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means House, to consider further of Ways and Means for de er ’ raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday.

Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 8* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose petition Names are thereunder subscribed, Manufacturers against the and Traders in Tobacco and Snuff, and Inhabitants Tobacco Act. of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Manufacturers and Traders in Tobacco and Snuff, are subjected to the Excise Laws by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, which they feel is not only attended with many Inconveniences and great Hazard to themselves and others of the same Trade, but also with the most dangerous Consequences to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom,

and

and therefore beg Leave to state to the House the particular Difficulties imposed upon them by the said Act, and their Apprehensions of its fatal Operation upon their Branch of Trade — That the said Act is extremely complex, in many Respects appears contradictory, and impossible to be strictly, in all Instances, complied with, particularly in making Roll Tobacco, which is the principal Trade in the Neighbourhood of the said Borough, whereby Manufacturers frequently have their Goods spoiled and rendered unfit for Sale, and, notwithstanding their utmost Care and Attention, while they are fairly endeavouring to prosecute their Business without Fraud, are exposed to the Hazard of severe Penalties, in no wise proportioned to the Nature of the Offence — That sundry Regulations are prescribed relative to the Mode of manufacturing Tobacco and Snuff, which are found to be inconsistent with Fact, prejudicial to Trade, and contradictory to Experience, particularly in allowing an' Increase of only Fifteen Pounds upon every One hundred Pounds manufactured into Roll Tobacco, whereas, according to the Manner of making Roll Tobacco as practised by the Petitioners, and every Manufacturer in their Part of the Country, they generally would require an Allowance of from Twenty to Twenty-five Pounds Increase for every One hundred Pounds, an Object of very serious Concern to the Petitioners, being an evident Loss to them of from Eight to Ten per Cent. — That the said Act imposes Rules for the laying down Tobacco Leaf and Tobacco Stalks to be prepared for Snuff, which, according to the Mode of manufacturing Snuff in the Neighbourhood of the said Borough, are altogether impracticable, without the Manufacturer endangering the Loss of his Commodity, or incurring Forfeitures — That the Restrictions of the said Act, which prevent Manufacturers from taking any Roll from the Press until the whole Quantity in Process is completed, is extremely prejudicial to the Trade and Interest of the Petitioners, and all other small Traders, as they are thereby prevented from answering the Orders of their Country Customers and Retail Dealers — That it prevents certain Articles from being removed but in certain Quantities, which is a further Hardship upon the Petitioners and others not in a Port of Importation, as they are thereby necessitated to keep a Stock in Hand beyond what their Credit and Capital may enable them, are prevented from disposing of what they cannot use in their own Line of Manufacturing, and from making speedy Returns, a Thing of the most beneficial Advantages in Trade; and, that the Rules and Regulations to which Manufacturers must conform according to the said Act are found to be attended with many Inconveniences and great Delays, which must necessarily enhance the Price of the Commodity to every fair Dealer, give the Smug-

fler the greater Advantage, and tend to the further encouragement of their illicit Trade; and that a great Number of People are constantly employed in travelling round the Northern Parts of England and Southern Parts of Scotland collecting Eggs, which they bring to the said Town for Sale, and in Return used to take very considerable Quantities of Manufactured Tobacco and Snuff and Grocery Goods, with which they supplied a vast Extent of Country, but those People who traverse the Country without Controul or Molestation, are now supplied with Manufactured Tobacco from abroad, which the Petitioners know and are well assured has of late been smuggled into this Country, and, if the present troublesome and hazardous System of Regulations are' continued, must and will, very considerably increase,* to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and to the Prejudice of the Trade and Revenue of this Country; and that the operative Mechanic and Manufacturer being left to

the Exertions of their own Genius has been a principal Means of raising the Manufactures and Commerce of this Country to their present Degree of Perfection, but shackling them with restrictive Laws has always been attended with, and followed by, a Decay of Trade, and the Ruin of many Individuals, and if the Petitioners must be governed in Business by a given Set of Rules and Regulations (however well calculated) it will totally check and prevent them from making Exertions, or trying Experiments for the Improvement of their Manufactories, which must shortly yield the Competition to Foreigners, who are engaging Workmen to carry on the same, and industriously forming Connections to supply the Consumption of this Country, and to drive us out of our own Markets:

That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue for the Exigencies of the Nation, and will chearfully contribute on all Occasions to the Public Burthens, but they are so fully convinced of the dangerous Tendency and Consequences of introducing the Severity of the Excise Laws into the Manufactures of this Kingdom, whereby the Constitution and Liberty of the Subject are infringed upon, the Trader subjected to unnecessary Restrictions and Delay, and in many Cases to the Infliction of severe Fines and Forfeitures, whereby the Trade and Commerce of the Country are endangered, and, though they apprehend Taxation is the Object in view, the Revenue must ultimately be materially injured; that they cannot silently acquiesce to the Continuance of a Law fraught with such dangerous Consequences, not only to the Petitioners, but to the Trade and Commerce of this Country in general, and hope that the Wisdom of Parliament may devise Methods more congenial to the Constitution to protect the Revenue without endangering the Trade and Commerce of the Country, or fettering the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff with so many tedious and impracticable Regulations: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them Relief, by repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu " thereof."

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of Dorchester an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Road» Bin present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, committ altering, clearing, and keepingin Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lionel Darner, Mr. Ashley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gould presented to the House, according to MaUdraeth, Order, a Bill for more effectually embanking the &c. Embank-Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the j^ndnaL County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the Bill presame, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto: seated.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Leicester and of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and p^se(1> 1 widening the Road from the Leicester and JVelford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby dela Zouch, in the said

County

County of Leicester; for repairing «and widening Toro Pieces of Road called -Hunts Lane and Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and ^branching oat oftbesaid Turnpike Road, "was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title »be, -An Act to enlargethe Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of-Mis present Majesty, for repairing and ''widening the -Road from the Leicester and Turnpike Road, in

the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike -Read leading from' Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester; end for repairing and widening Two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerrford do carry the BHl to the Lords, and desite their'Concurrence.

Petition A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands

against within, and Inhabitants of, the Town and Borough GaoUBUl Warwick, in the County of , whose Hands

a0 1 are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Houses and Lands within, and Inhabitants of, the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick;and Setting forth, That,

if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the Form it now stands, and with the Clauses and Powers it contains, the same will be a great Inconvenience, Injury, and Detriment, to many of the Petitioners, and' other Proprietors of Houses and Lands within, and Inhabitants of, the said Town and Borough Of Warwick, and tend to the Depopulation thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against so much, and -such Parts of, and Clauses in, the said Bill, as appear to them inconvenient, injurious, or detrimental to them, or any of them, or any other Proprietors of Houses or Lands within, or Inhabitants of, the said Town and Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction -to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsdlto he beard, at the same Time, in E&vourof the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition . A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Inn-keep-relating to ers, and others, resident in the Town of

RSgr0VC - ^e County of Warwick, was presented to the House, ham RoadDg" and read; Setting forth, That Application hath been Bill. 'made to the House, by the Trustees of the Turnpike

Road leading from the said Town to Bromsgrace, in the County of Worcester, for Powers to improve and emend the said Road; and that the said Road, from f Wood Brook to the Top of The House Hill,

both in the Parish of Northjkld, in Distance about Two Miles, is so exceedingly narrow and bad, and almost one continued hollow Way, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other in many Parts thereof, vmd the said Road is likewise very hilly, and uneasy for Carriages, and requires to be made of a more proper Ascent; and that several Accidents have hap-f»ned, and many Lives have been lost, within the said Parish, by Reason of the extreme Narrowness and indifferent State of the Road there: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Situation of the said Road into Consideration, and grant the You 45.

titteMrswtdb ReliePin the Promises <as to the "House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do 'lie upon the Table.

Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, to whom Sloane Street the Petition of the Right honourable Charles 'Sloane &c* Lord Cadogan, and the humble Petition of the Right rt!j>nre’ honourable Welbore Ellis, and Christopher

Esquires, Owners of a certain Piece of Land in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, containing about Ninety Acres, now in Lease to Henry Holland, Esquire, for a long Term of Years, and of the said Henry Holland, and several Owners and Proprietors of Houses erected upon the said Land, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Phtnrridge being examined, said, That a public Street or Way, called Sloane Street, leading from Knighlsbridge to Chelsea, and several other public Ways and Passages, have been set out and opened, and several Houses, and other Buildings, and Improve- . merits, have been erected and made, and are intended to be erected and made, upon the before-mentioned Piece of Land — That the forming the Carriage Way of the said Street, and other public Ways and Passages, already set out and made, and of such Streets,

Ways, and Passages, as shall hereafter be set out and made upon the said Land, and making convenient Footways therein, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Street, and other public Ways, and removing and preventing all Annoyances and Nuisances therein, will be a considerable Improvement of the Estate and Property of the Persons interested therein, and will-also be a great Convenience and Security to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons passing along the same, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering Sloane Street, and certain others Streets and Places within the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Sloane and Mr. Mavmvaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land Petition in and Mills upon the Line of an intended Canal from Favour of the Birmingham to Worcester, was presented to the House, ^dWcree*" and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and ter Canal maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near Bill, to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester; and praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward Astley reported from the Committee, to Terrington whom the Petition of William Bentinok, Esquire, Lord Embanking of the Manor of Terrington, in Terrington, in the County of Norfolk, and the several Persons whose portecl. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages and Tofts, or Sites of Commonable Messuages, in the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington Saint John's, in the County aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

3 P Committee

8° Martii.

A. 1790.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- The House was moved, That the Petition of the Horton Wa. tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it Proprietors of certain Works made for the supplying appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- the Towns of Bradford and in the County of

York, with Water, winch was presented to the House upon Thursday last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order made upon Thursday last, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. _

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. and Mr.

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Evans being examined, said, That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, of considerable Extent, Part whereof consists of a certain Tract of Land, called The Salt Marsh, extending from the Old Sea Bank to Low Water Mark towards the North, and abutting towards the West upon the Boundary Creek next the Salt Marsh belonging to Henry Hare Townsend, in the Township of Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the same. Walpole, and on the Boundary Creek'next the Salt

Marsh of the said William Bentinck, in Terrington, towards the East, and the Residue of the said Waste Grounds consists of certain Commons, called The In-Commons, lying in the said Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's and Terrington Saint John's — That the Owners of Messuages and Tofts, or Sites of Messuages,

in the said Parishes, are entitled to Right of Common and Feed upon the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste Grounds — That the said Common Salt Marsh, or the greatest Part thereof, is frequently overflowed, whereby the Feed of

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunder written, being Inhabitants of Stourport, in the County of Worcester, at which Place the Stafford- and Worw shire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation communi- ter Canal cates with the River Severn, was presented to the Bill. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, an Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn, at Diglis, near Worcester', and that the Petitioners conceiving Stourport, from its Situation at the

such Land is greatly injured, and the Cattle feeding Junction of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire

Account res< pecting new Offices at Somerset House presented.

Earl Cornwallis’s Letter to the Court of Directors, presented.

Canal with the said River Severn, to be a Place well calculated for Trade, have been induced to go and great Benefit to all Parties interested, and ot public reside there,- in Hopes of acquiring a competent Utility, if the said Salt Marsh, and the other Com- Livelihood for themselves and Families, and with such View have expended large Sums of Money in erecting Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, for their Habitations,' and the Exercise of their several Trades and Employments, and in so doing many of the Petitioners have expended the Whole of their Fortunes; and that, if the said intended Canal to Worcester should be carried into Execution, the Petitioners are very apprehensive the same will take away from Stourport a great Pai^ of the Trade and Business now brought to, and carried on at, that Place, which will be injurious to the Petitioners in the highest Degree, as the Loss of such Trade will not only render the Houses and Buildings erected by them of little or no Value, but will be the Means of bringing utter Ruin to many of the Petitioners, who now wholly depend upon that Trade and Business for the Support and Maintenance of themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners conceive the said intended Canal is projected to answer the private Views of Individuals, and that no public Advantage can possibly be derived therefrom, adequate to the Injury it will occasion to the Petitioners, and to the private Properties of other Persons: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and not permit the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ditto. Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at That in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Sixth the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the sented to the House, pursuant to their Order, doners have made and completed a Navigable Canal

Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court from the River Serobrn, at Stourport, in the County of of Directors of the East India Company dated the 2d Worcester, to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Haywood, of August 1789. in the County of Stafford, by which Canals Commer-

And then he withdrew. cial Intercourses have been opened between the Ports

And the Title of the said Paper was read. of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull and the interior Parts

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Ta- of the Kingdom; and that, in pursuance of another ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. Act, a Navigable Canal has been made from the Ca-

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other nal of the Petitioners at Autherley, near Wolverhampton,

Papers of this Session. to Birmingham, and, in order to open a still nearer

and

thereon frequently drowned.

And the Witness further said, That it would be of reat Benefit to all Parties interested, and of public Itility, if the said Salt Marsh, and the other Commons and Waste Grounds, were embanked, inclosed, and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Parishes of Tei rington Saint Clement's and Terrington Saint Johns, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons within the said Parishes: And that Sir Edward Astley, Sir JohnWodehouse, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that' Sir William Chambers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, specifying what Parts of the General Plan of the new Offices erecting on the Site of Somerset House remained to be completed on the 26th Day of May 1788, as specified in the said Plan presented by him to this House on the 27th Day of May 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Go<

and better Communication between Birmingham and the River Secern, and for more effectually supplying Worcester and the other Towns near the Severn with Coals, Acts have since passed for making Canals from the Birmingham Canal at Tipton, by Dudley and Stourbridge, to fall into the Petitioners said Canal at ton, which is Fifteen Miles nearer from Birmingham to the River Severn and Worcester, than by the Way of Autherley; and that, in a former Session of the present Parliament, a Bill was brought in for making another Canal to the River Severn, at Diglis, near Worcester, which was rejected, on full Hearing and Consideration, as being inexpedient and unnecessary; and that the chief Ground of Application for the said Bill being, as was then alleged, the imperfect State of the Navigation of the River Severn, between the Petitioners Canal at Stourport and Diglis aforesaid, a Distance of Thirteen Miles, the Petitioners, to remove every Cause of Complaint on that Head, did offer and engage, by their Counsel, at their own Costs and Charges, to improve and make perfect the said River Navigation, without burthening the Public with any Expence, Toll, or Duty whatever, and the Petitioners did, in pursuance of such Engagement, begin to improve the said Navigation, and expended therein a large Sum of Money, but were prevented from effecting their Designs by a Body of Men, actuated, as tho Petitioners believe, by Persons who, from private Views, were adverse to such Improvement, and the Petitioners were thereby compelled to desist from further proceeding; and that the Petitioners have ever since been, and still are, ready and willing to fulfil their Engagements to Parliament, if they can be invested with Powers to do so, and to that End they have lately presented their Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to authorize them to make the necessary Improvements in the said River, by removing the Shoals, and by cleansing and deepening the Channel thereof, and it is with Surprize and Concern the Petitioners observe, that the Scheme of another Canal to Diglis is again brought forward, and that an Application has been made to the House, for a Bill to make such Canal, which, though not in the same Course, will be similar to the former in its Effects and Consequences to the Petitioners; and that the present Design, as the Petitioners understand, is, like the former, founded on the Circumstance of the River Severn being in dry Seasons an imperfect Navigation, and upon the Idea that the nearest Course between Birmingham and Wyrcester is through the Canal

of the Petitioners by Autherley, whereas in Fact (by the Junction of the Dudley Canal with the Birmingham) a nearer Course will be opened by Fifteen Miles than that which the Petitioners for the Bill have chosen to represent, and which will alsp open a nearer Communication by upwards of Eight Miles, between the Tipton and the several other principal Coal Mines and Worcester, than by the Canal proposed; and that the Petitioners doubt not but they shall be able to prove, that when the Dudley Canal is joined to the Birmingham, and they Improvements are made in the River Severn, as proposed and engaged to be done by the Petitioners, a certain, complete, and perfect Navigation will be found abundantly sufficient for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce, and that the proposed Canal will not be necessary, or publicly useful, as it will not communicate, or open Commercial Intercourses, with any other Places than those which are already connected by Means of the present Navigations, nor will it open a Communication with any new Coal Mines; and the Petitioners submit that, in all hazardous and expensive Works executed for public Purposes under the Authority of the Legislature, the Undertakers thereof have jhst and reasonable Grounds of Reliance on Parliament for the Enjoyment of their Property acquired by such. Undertak-Vo htS»

ings, and in this Respect the Petitioners beg Leave to claim the Protection of the House; and that although the Introduction of Navigable Canals into this Kingdom has undoubtedly been, and will continue to be, of great public Benefit, yet, if suffered to be made indiscriminately, and, in the Event of some happening to succeed, others should be allowed to be made to supersede them, the Procedure would not only operate as a Discouragement, but would strike at the very Root of those National Irri^rovem^nts, and be productive of much public and private Mischief, and the Petitioners conceive such will be the Effect of the Design in Question, if suffered to be carried into Execution, in regard to the Canal of the Petitioners, and to several others lately completed, without affording the Public any material Benefit or Accommodation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill for making a Canal from Birmingham to Diglis and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near, to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from West India the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth reputed. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantatione in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty's said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West " Indies and the other intituled, "An Act to allow

" the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies,

" into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of " Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the ’

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by ' the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Account of Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Imports, &c. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum into and from Scotland, for the Year ending 25th December 1789; with the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. '

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

m

BedibrdCha- The Houae wmmoved, That the tBetition of the rity Petition aeverol Penson&whose Names are thereunto subscribed, referred to a , Burgesses, Freemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Bedford, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon ethe Table, might be again read.

And the same beingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be retfoesedito the > Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Earl of

‘Upper Qssory, &c.: And they are to meet'Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 'Chamber; and have Power to <send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I.

a. am

Scotch Term® Bill presented.

American Trade Acts to be considered

Scotch Creditors Bill committed.

Mr. Henry Dutfdas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: And the sapie was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of A, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain powers for " the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between u the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the " Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present <J Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for " the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the " Inhabitants of -the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British '.Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in " Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects " of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of " the Territories belonging to the United States of " A%nerica,so far as the same relate to the Trade and

" Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the " Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said " United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

flesohved. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

A Bill for continuing the Term of ao much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the

Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious m " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; sad for " making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as " relates to Bills and Promissory Notes," as relates to the rendering the Payment of Cred itors more equal and expeditions in that Part of Gw Britain called Scotland, was Head a Second Time.

Resolved, That-Ae fiffl beioummitoed.

Resolved, That the jBilh l^ <oim»ittedrto^ £Jaimiaittee of the whole 'House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morraw 'Moriuag, resolve Itself into avCotnorittee of the vwhole (House itpoD the ^akl BUI.

Captain Berkeley presented'-to the-Houee, pursuant to Reports of

their Order, - Expance of

Copyof the Repprt of the ‘Committee-of Engineers Fort‘fi^»ons on the probable Expence of fortifying Grenada, 6th indie* pre-1 December 1787: And also, stated.

Copy of the -Report of the -Committee of Engineers on the probable Expence of fortifying 'Barbadoes, nth December 1787: And also,

Copyof the Report of the-Committee of Engineers on the probable Expence of fortifying Saint 15th December 1787: And also,

Copy of the Report of the Committee of 'Engineers on the probable Expence of fortifying Dominica, 18th December 1787: And also,

Copy of the Report of the 'Committee of Engineers on the probable -Expence of fortifying Antigua, 21st December 1787: And also,

'Copy of the Report of the Committee of Engineers on the probable Expence of fortifying Saint'Christopher’s,

1st January 1788: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Sir William Green to the Duke of Richmond, relative to the West India Islands, 12th January 1788.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused'by‘the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of -Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst-the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Deverill Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Inclosure Bill Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Deverill presented.

Longbridge, Hussey Deverill, and Monkton ,in

the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways and consider further of Ways and Means for raising thd Means‘ Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they hand come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Grier of foe Day being read, for calling over the Order for Names of such Members -as, won Monday last, made calling over Default to appear; Defaulters

Ordered, That the said Grtler be discharged. charged. '*

s Ordered,

Earl Corn-wallis’sLetter to the Court of Directors to be printed.

Petitions

against the Tobacco Act. %

Instructions relating to the Tobacco Act ordered.

Quest. Neg. for bringing up Captain Williams's Petition.

Supply

deferred.

Accounts respecting the Royal Burghs in Scotland presented.

Ordered, That such a Humber of Copies of the Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the ad of August 1789 (which was this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered,'That the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, :passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House, and that such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard by Counsel, be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of their said Petitions. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning neat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* Copies of the Orders and Instructions given by the Board of Excise to the Surveying Officers, relating to the Execution of the said Act for granting certain Duties on Tobacco and Snuff.

A Petition of David Williams, Esquire, Captain in the Service of the East India Company, on the Bengal Establishment, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question bang put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Longlands, Agent for the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 2pd Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

Several Accounts respecting the Royal Burghs

in Scotland-, viz.

Edinburgh — ist, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied within the City of Edinburgh, for the Years 1779 to 1789 inclusive.

2d, Account of all Salaries, or Sums of Money, which have been paid to the Collector of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands, or other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, with the Price got for the same, and the Rent received for the last Year previous to the said Sale or Feu.

Perth — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess, &c. for Ten Years, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, with the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent Vol. 4 5,

received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

5th, Account of Lands, &c. purchased from the Union to 22d July 1789.

Aberdeen — ist, Account of the Sums of Money levied for Land Tax, and other Taxes, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries, &c. pend to the Collector of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for each of the Ten Years, for their Trouble, Risque, and Expence, in collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of aill Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price and Annual Feu Duty for which the same were sold or feued out, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

Stirling — 1st, Account of all Sumo levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years last past.

2d, Account of all Salaries paid to the Collectors of the Cess, &c. for each of the said Years, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

Ayr — 1st, Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for the Year 1788.

2d, Account of the Alienation of Property which have been sold, feued, or alienated by the Magistrates of that Burgh, since the Union, with the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

Haddington — 1st, Account of all Sums of Money levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years last past.

2d, Account of all Salaries which have been paid to the Collector of the Cess, &c. for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account erf the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year tire same were let at prior to the Alienation.

Montrose — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands which have beeQ sold, feued, or alienated, i>y the Magistrates, since the Union.

Dumfries — ist, Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of all Salaries, or Sums of Money, which have been paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

3 Q 4th, Account

8" Martii. A. 1790.

Account* 4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heri-

Ro^alBuf'h* table Property, which have been sold, feued,

in°Scotland. or alienated, since the Union, specifying the

Price for which the same were sold, the Annual Feu Duty, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let at, prior to the Alienation.

Anstruther Easter — Account of Cess, Revenue, and Alienations, &c.

Inverness — 1st, Account of Stent, or Cess, and Lamp Money, laid on the Inhabitants for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Ditto, for the Year 1789.

5th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, with the Feu Duty, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

Burntisland — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same, and Deficiencies.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands feued by the Magistrates since the Union, with the Feu Duty, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Feu.

Brechine — 1st, Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess,&c. for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of the Alienations made by the Magistrates and Council of that Burgh since the Union, specifying the Prices the same were sold for, and the Feu Duty now paid.

Kirkcudbright — 1st, Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries or Sums of Money paid to the Collector of the Cess, &c. for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been feued by the Magistrates since the Union, with the Rents payable previous to the Feu, and the Rent, or Feu Duty now paid.

Dumfermline — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector for the above Period, as the Expence for collecting the Cess, and for Deficiencies.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

Dunbar — 1st, Account of Cess laid on by the Ma-' gistrates of that Burgh, for the Space of Ten Years preceding the Year 1789.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector, as the Expence of collecting the Cess for the above Period.

3d, Account of Poors Rate paid within Ten Years preceding 1789.

4th, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

5th, Account of all Lands and Houses which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Rent for which the same were let prior to the Sale, and the Price they were sold for.

Lamrk — 1st, Account of the Sums levied for the Space of Ten Years on Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, or other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates, since the Union, with the Prices and Rents thereof, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Sale.

Aberbrothock — 1st, Account of the Sums levied under the Name'of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess, &c. and Servants, for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price and Annual Feu Duty for which the same were sold.

Elgin — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years past.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the Cess, &c.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lapds, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates, since the Union, with the Rent or Feu Duty payable previous to the Sale, and the Rent or Feu Duty now paid.

Peebles — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for Ten Years past.

2d, Account certifying that no Salaries have been paid to Jhe Collectors of the Cess for the above Period, excepting the Year from March 1788 to March 1789, when the Magistrates allowed the Collector to levy 5 per Cent, upon the Cess, as an Indemnification for his Trouble, Writings, and Losses.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands which have been sold, feued, or alienated since the Union, and no Rent whatever was received prior to the Sale or Feu.

Tain — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

Ctdross — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Year 1788.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

Banff- — 1st, Account of the Cess and public Stents of that Burgh, for the Year 1779 to 1788, inclusive; with an Account of the Sums paid for

collecting

collecting the same, during that Period, as contained in one Account N° 1 and 2.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, as payable for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of the Alienations, Feu, and other Rights that have been granted since the Union.

Whitehorn — 1st, Account of the Supply collected from the Inhabitants of that Burgh, for the Space of Ten Years past.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of all the Lands that have been feued or alienated by the Magistrates of that Burgh; with the Sums for which they were sold, and that no Rent was received therefore prior to the Alienation.

Forfar — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector as the Expence of collecting the Cess for the above Period.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates and Common Council of that Burgh, since the Union.

Rothsay — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years.

2d, Account of all Salaries which have been paid to the Collectors of the Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been feued or alienated since the Union.

Nairn — ’1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years.

2d, Account of all Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess, &c. for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, or other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union.

Forres — 1st, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

2d, Account of Lands, or other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

North Berwick — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for Ten Years.

N. B. No Salary paid the Collector, nor Poors Rates.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of Lands, and other Heritable Property’, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, together with the Prices for which the same were sold, and Rent received for such as were let thp Year preceding the Sale or Alienation.

Lauder — 1st, Account of all Sums levied in the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess, See. for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

Vox.. 45.

243

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Accounts Year 1788. respecting

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable BurghYfn Property, which have been sold; feued, or ali- Scotland, enacted, since the Union, specifying the Price, former Rent, and present Feu Duty.

Kilrenny — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors of Cess for the above Period, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Certificate from the Magistrates of that Burgh, certifying, that no Lands, or other Heritable Property, have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union.

Annan — 1st, Report by the Provost, Treasurer, and Town Clerk, of that Burgh.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of Lands which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, by the Magistrates of that Burgh, with the Consent of the Community.

Sanqujiar — 1st, Account of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold.

Queensferry — -1st, Account of all Sums, levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of all Salaries, or Sums of Money, which have been paid to the Collector of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for the last Ten Years, as the Expence of collecting the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates of that Burgh, since the Union, with the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

Fortrose — Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for the Year 1788.

Kintore — Account and Certificate by the Magistrates, of that Burgh.

Inverary — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, levied for the Space of Ten Years.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector of the Cess for the above Period.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands which have been sold, feued, or alienated, since the Union, together with the Prices paid for the same.

Glasgow — 1st, Account of the Cess or Land Tax levied for Ten Years, from 1778 to 1788.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue of that Burgh, for 1788.

3d, Certified Report and Account, by the Provost and Town Clerk, of all Lands, and other Heritable Property, which have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates and Common Council, since the Union, specifying the Prices for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation, with an Account of all the Lands, and other Heritable

Property,

8® — 9®

A. 1790.

Property, which have been purchased and ac- mitted in the Indies, and for other Purposes therein quired by the Magistrates and Town Council mentioned.

of the said City during the Period above-mentioned.

Selkirk — Account of the Gross Revenue and Alienations.

Inverbervie — ist, Account of Cess, for Ten Years prior Pole Carew, of East , in the County of referred.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom Tamer Ferry the Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of reV Mount Edgcumbe, and the humble Petition of Reginald Report"

and

to the 35th of March 1789 ad, Account of the Revenue of the said Burgh, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of Feus let by the Magistrates of the said Burgh, since the Union.

Rather glen — 1st, Account of the Cess levied in that Burgh, for Ten Years, ending in 1788.

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the said Burgh, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of Lands alienated by the Magistrates of that Burgh, since the Union.

Kirkdldy — 1st, Account of Cess levied in that Burgh, for Ten Years, ending 1788.

2d, Account of Salaries paid the Collector of the Cess for those Ten Years.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the said Burgh, for the Year 1788

wall, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Parishes of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Antony St. Jacob, in the County of Cornwall, are situate nearly opposite to each other, upon the Great Navigable River called The Tamer, and contain several Towns, Villages, or Hamlets (particularly Plymouth Dock and Torpoint) which are become very populous, and Places of great Resort, whereby a constant Intercourse is occasioned between the Inhabitants

4th, Account of Lands sold by the Magistrates of the said Parishes — That the establishing and main-

of that Burgh, since the Union.

Dumbarton — ist, Account of the Cess levied in that Burgh, for Ten Years preceding 22d July

1789-

2d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the said Burgh, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of the Lands alienated by the Magistrates of the said Burgh, since the Union.

Loehmaben — Account of the Gross Revenue of the said Burgh, for the Year 1788.

taining a Ferry for the Conveyance of Persons, Cattle, Carriages, and Merchandize, between the said Parishes, across the said River, will be of great Utility and Convenience to the Inhabitants of both Parishes, and also to those of other Parts of the said Counties — That the Petitioners are willing, at their own Charges, to provide and maintain a competent Number of substantial and convenient Boats for the Use of the said Ferry, with a sufficient Number of experienced Ferrymen, and to erect Dwelling Houses, and other convenient Buildings, for the Purposes

Renfrew — 1st, Account of the Rental or Revenue of the thereof, on being authorized to demand and receive said Burgh, for the Year 1788. reasonable Rates for Passage and Conveyance: And it

2d, Account respecting the Cess levied in the appeared, by certain Documents adduced to your said Burgh, for Ten Years. Committee, that the Ground which is deemed requi-

3d, Report concerning the Lands alienated by site for the Purpose of such Ferry, in the Parish of the Magistrates of the said Burgh, since the Stoke Damarel aforesaid, is vested in the Most noble Union: And also, George Marquis Townshend, the Right honourable

An Account of the Cess or Land Tax, paid by Jeffery Lord Amherst, and the Right honourable Charles

~ Lord Somers, in Trust for His Majesty; and the Ground necessary for the said Purpose, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, is the Inheritance or Freehold of the Petitioner the said Reginald Pole Carezv.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

to the Receiver Ge-the Deputy Receiver

the Royal Burghs of Scotland, neral Annually, certified by General.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

>JpC fju«

A Bill for

Martis, 9* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii III"' Reps, 1790.

Praters.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Ford Roiode Ford to Red Hill, and from Heath to the

Town of Caine, in the county of ; and for repeal- committed ing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majestjr, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard’s Shord and Hoi’sley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joshua Smith, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of this House who had Mr. Wemyss reported from the Committee, to whom Fife Roads, delivered in Lists (in pursuance of the Directions of an the Bill for malting and repairing the Road from New- *c-Bl" Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of miln Bridge by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, rtportwl‘ His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of Kirkcand to and the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences com- other Roads in the County of Fife, and for improving S , the

30 Geo. III. 9 Martii. 245

the Harbour of Kinghorn, or Petty cur, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

DudleyCanal Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Dudley Canal Navigation was referred; That the Com-

rep0 ' mittee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except that no List of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands is annexed to the Petition, the Application to Parliament being only to raise further Sums of Money, and not for the Purpose of extending or varying the Line of the said Canal); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared that the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a Navigable Canal within and from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delpli, upon Pensnett Chace, in the Parish of winjord, in the County of Stafford. And,

Mr. Thomas Burne being examined, said, That the said Company of Proprietors have fully completed the said Canal, and the same is now navigable.

Then another Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, was also read; whereby it appeared that the said Company of Proprietors were empowered to extend the said Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof in the Lands of the said Mr. Foley, to join the Birmingham and Birmingham and FazeleyCanal Navigations, at or near in

the County of Stafford, and were enabled to raise the Sum of 22,oooo/. for carrying the said Undertaking into Execution; and, if that Sum should be found insufficient, they were also enabled to raise the further, Sum of 5,000l. And,

Mr. Burne being further examined, said, That the said Company have proceeded to extend the said Dudley Canal, and have made great Progress therein, and expended upwards of 25,000l. which is nearly the Amount of the whole Sum of Money which they were authorized to raise — And he added. That it will be necessary to expend the further Sum of 10,000l. and upwards, in order effectually to complete the Extension of the said Dudley Canal, and that some further Powers are necessary for carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for effectually carrying into Execution Two Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: And that Mr. Vox. 45.

Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley Road the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Petlt*0I" Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition reporte of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, ana found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (oxcept that no Notices were given for the Application in the second-mentioned Petition, it not having been determined to apply for repairing the Piece of Road therein mentioned, and which is only about One Mile and a Half in Length, until it was too late to give the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders); and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Toble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Burne being examined, said,

That the Road leading from a Place called CaddicJis End, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a House called The New in the Parish of Patlingham,in the County of Salop, is in a ruinous Condition, in several Parts narrow, and at some Times almost impassable for Carriages — That if the said Road was properly amended and widened, and the Course or Line thereof altered and changed, in the Parishes of Dudley and Scdgeley, and iu such other Places as shall be judged necessary, so as to make the said Road shorter, and more safe and commodious, and in a more direct Line than at present, the slime would be of great Advantage to Travellers, and other Persons having Occasion to pass upon the said Road, and would also open a regular Communication with several considerable Collieries and Lime Works, and extensive Manufactories.

And to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Burne being further examined, said, That the Piece of Road therein mentioned, being about One Mile and a Half in Length, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious for Travellers; and that if the 6ame was properly amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, it w’ould open a Communication with the Collieries and Lime Works in the Parishes of Dudley and Sedgeley, and also be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill,near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Patlingham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Shut End, in the Parish of ford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to IFolverhampton,in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Keighley whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Sported. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relate to such Part of the said Road as lies within

3 R the

Petition in Favourof the Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill

Duke of Atholl's Petition referred to a Committee.

Petition to remove tke Toll Gates at Hyde Park Corner and Pimlico.

246 9° Martii. . 1T90.

the said County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Carr being examined, said, That by the said Act of the Eighteenth of His present Majesty so much of the said Road as lies within the said County of York was made a separate District — That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed 6,814/. on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due — That many Parts of the Road within the said District were very steep and dangerous, and the Trustees have been under the Necessity of turning and diverting the same, in order to divide the hilly Parts thereof, which has been attended with very great Expence — That'to complete the said Road, and make the same commodious and safe for Travellers, it will be necessary to divert several other Parts thereof, and to borrow a further Sum for that Purpose, which cannot be done, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Tolls now payable be increased, and the-Terms of the said Act, so far as relate to the said District, be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so tar as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within thl County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Manufacturers in the Town of Birmingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable' Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River

near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the most Noble John Duke of Atholl, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Murray, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the bumble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Houses in Grosvenor Place, near Hyde Park Comer, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover , in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, that Grosvenor Place is now become Part

of the Metropolis, and is the Town Residence of the Petitioners and other Persons, many of whom are Members of one or other of the Houses of Parliament, and who, on that Account, as well as for the Purpose of transacting their Business in other Parts of the Town, are under the Necessity of passing and re-passing through the Turnpike Gates erected at Hyde Park Corner and Pimlico by the Trustees of the Kensington,

Chelsea, and Fulham Turnpikes, whereby they are not only subject to the Tolls payable there, but are also hindered and delayed by the frequent Stoppages occasioned by the immense Number of Waggons, Carts,

Stage Coaches, and other Carriages, which go the Great Western ROad, and necessarily pass through one or other of the sftid Turnpikes, and by the incessant Disputes which arise betwdbn the Turnpike Men and Travellers; and that the Petitioners have hitherto submitted to the Inconveniences aforesaid rather than trouble the House with an Application for the sole Purpose of removing their particular Grievance; but, observing that a Bill is depending for increasing the Tolls of the said Turnpikes, they judge it a proper Opportunity for representing their Case: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and, by a Clause to be added to the Bill now depending before them, to enact, that the Toll Gates, now standing at Hyde Park Comer and Pimlico aforesaid, shall be taken away, and removed to a proper Distance Westward of their present respective Situations, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads, within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, , and

Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same* and for several other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Blaauw’s Order, a Bill for naturalizing Willem Blaauw: And the Nat Bill same was received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n Scotch upon the Bill for continuing the Term of so much of ^r«dltor* an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and " expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory " Notes," as- relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money issued Account of what Money has been'issued by the Tfea-for discover- surer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, rinide* L°n* passed the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s ordered. Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain " Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, add for making Experiments relating " thereto."

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Trafo Act*11 a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, " and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, " certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United

States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, " for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade " and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British " Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect " to certain Articles therein mentioned; " and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and " the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the " United States of America, so far as the same relate " to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Way* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

Meaos. ferred to consider further of Ways aind Means for raising

the Supply granted to His Majesty, the' Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pay and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the 8 ®* Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Scotch Ttrmt Bill

committed.

A Bill for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, Vo l. 45.

and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duty on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cocoa Nuts to consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts lfnpor^<1 into imported into the British Colonies or Plantations in beTomridered.

America.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Distillery Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Acts to be Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for discoptinuing, for a con81 *

" limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts,

" Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from " England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; fi and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time,

" the Paymenf of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and " securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making " and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing,

" for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon " Rum and Spirits imported from the The ,"

might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act* for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors " there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for " granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof;

" and for better regulating the Exportation of -

" made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from " Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited " Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a " limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low " Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for " granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties " in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the " making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and " Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The " West Indies’, and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved^.That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Crown Land* Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Commi*-intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to " enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, r er " Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown,

" and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimpreveable Rents," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

to

Petitions from Bridge-water; &c. in Favour of the Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill.

The Lordi have passed

Rybot’s Divorce Bill.

Committee on Tamer Ferry Report.

Newhaven and Bar-combe Mill Navigation Bill presented.

248

10° Martii. A. 1790.

to continue the said Act: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Stack, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Martii;

Anno 30° Georgii IIP Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and other Inhabitants of Redditch, Beoley, AUchurch, Feckenham, Cofton, Tardebig, Bradley, and the Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowlei', his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and the humble Petition of Reginald Pole Carew, of East Antony, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Yorke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Yorke reported from the Committep, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Robinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Newhaven to Barcombe Mill, in the Parish of Barcombe, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Marlborough Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of Roads Bill the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year committed* of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kemett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cher rill Hill,

and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wrought on, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Sir James Tylney Long, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty- c *

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing- certain Instruments " from being required from Ships belonging to the " United States of America, and to give to His Majesty,

" for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; " and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend " the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty

certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s '

Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States " of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this " Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles " therein mentioned ;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws " now in Force for regulating the Trade between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the " Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United " States of America, so far as the same relate to " the Trade and Commerce carried on between this " Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States;" That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Gilbert, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

.Deal Paving Petition reported.

West India and Quebec Trade Bill passed*

Cricklade

Writ.

Committee to consider of a Duty on Cocoa Nuts imported into America*

Mr. Charles Robinson reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Join Sampson being examined, said, That the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town, are not properly repaired, paved, and cleansed, and, on Account of various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances the same are rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that it would.tend much to the Benefit, Convenience and Safety of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes were effectually repaired, paved and cleansed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and 'preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Charles

Robinson, and Mr. Gipps do prepare and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies " and Plantations in North America, and in the West " India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the " United States of America, and between His Majesty’s " said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West " Indies-" and the other intituled, " And Act to allow " the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The JVIndies, " into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of " Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for regulating " the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging " to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in " The West Indies;" and the other intituled, "An Act " to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, " from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The " West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without " Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and " Restrictions."

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk erf the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Robert Nicholas, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Colonies or Plantations in America, be now read,

Voi.. 45.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other " Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits,

" and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in " Lieu thereof; and for better regulating tire Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England', and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the " Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits " for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing " the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof;

" and for the better Regulation of the making and " vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing for a " limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum " and Spirits Imported from The West Indiesand also, of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and continuing, for a " limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for " a limited Time, the several Duties payable in " Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon " Wjprts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for " better regulating the Exportation of British-ma.de " Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to continue for a limited " Time, an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue,

for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties " upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and granting and securing the due Payment of " other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better " Regulation of the making and vending British " Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time,

" certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits " imported from The West Inches; and to revive and " continue the said last mentioned Act," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That ho was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Pay Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Billpresented. Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and

3 S Ninety:

10° Mar til.

A. 1790.

Crown Lands Commissioners Bill presented.

Scotch Creditors Bill reported.

Committee. on Scotch

Terms Bill.

Indemnity Bill ordered.

Ninety: And the same was reeehted; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into " the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and " Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of so- much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment " of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for " making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as " relates to Bills and Promissory Notes," as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to -indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, ana Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and- for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of

their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Rose, Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion being made, That this House will, upon Allowance to Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee Mr- Speaker of the whole House, to consider of an Allowance to be consi* made to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, more adequate to the dignity of the said Office, and to the Expence necessarily attending the same;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the making an Allowance to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, more adequate to the Dignity of the said Office.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Allowance to be made to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, more adequate to the Dignity of the said Office, and to the Expence necessarily attending the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Fees upon Private Bills; and of the Allowances paid at the Exchequer to the Speaker of the M^Sp^aklr House of Commons for the Time being, from the 10th ordered. Day of October 1776 to the 10th Day of October 1788;

distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Proceeding* Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons Cature Act. accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a box, by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That the said List be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same; and report to the House upon Friday next,' the Names of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists:

And they are referred to Mr. Steele, Sir William Young, Mr. Call, Mr. Smith, Mr. Burges, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Rose, Mr. Lygon, the Marquis of , Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Neville, Mr.

Minchin, Mr. Comptroller of the Household: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Petition re-inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and County, of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; anTliu^ng-Setting forth, That Application has been made to the ham Road8 House, by the Commissioners of the Turnpike Road Bill, leading from the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to enlarge the Term and Powers in the present Acts granted, with respect to such Road; and that the said Road is in many Parts exceedingly ruinous and bad, and requires to be lowered, and rendered more easy for heavy Carriages, of which great Numbers are continually passing and re-passing from the said Town of Birmingham to Worcester, and other Parts of the West of England, and the petitioners conceive, from 07 their

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

their Knowledge of the Situation of the present Road (particularly that Part which lies within the Parish of Northfield, m Worcestershire) and from Representations which have been made to them, that it will be absolutely necessary, in order to make the said Road complete,

that the same should be formed upon a lower Level, and the present Tract, in some Parts thereof, diverted and changed: And therefore praying the House to grant such Relief ii> the Premises as to the House shall seejn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders-of the Day being read;

Resohxd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 11* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received from the Clerk appointed to collect the Fees to be taken by the Officers of this House, and from Mr. Speaker’s Secretary, several Accounts in pursuance of the Order of the House of Yesterday, " That there' be laid before this House, " an Account of the Fees upon Private Bills; and u of the Allowances paid at the Exchequer to " the Speaker of the House of Commons for the " Time being, from the 10th Day of October 1776 " to the 10th Day of October 1788; distinguishing " each YearAnd that the said Accounts were now upon the Table.

The said Accounts are as followethviz.

An ACCOUNT of the Fees upon Private Bills, paid to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, from the 1 oth Day of October 1776 to the 1 oth Day of October 1788; distinguishing each Year.

From the lotli Day of October 1776 to the 10th Day of October 1777 -

1777 - -1778 -

1778 - -1779 -

1779 ..... -1780 -

1780 - -1781 -

1781 ..... - 1782 -

1782 - - - -1783 -

1783 ..... -1784 -

1784 ..... -1735 -

1785 - - 1786 -

1786 - - 1787 -

1787 ..... - 1788 r

£. s. d.

- 2,320

- 1,845

- i,77o — —

- 1,095 — —

- 1,020

- 960

- 1,120 —

- 985

- 1,380

- 1,510

- 1,125

- 1,360

£. 16,490 — —

John Rosier.

Vol. 45.

Ax

Accounts of Fees and Allowances to Mr. Speaker delivered in.

Accounts of Fees and Allowances to Mr. Speaker ^delivered in.

An ACCOUNT of the Allowances received at the Exchequer by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, from the 10th of October 1776 to the 10th of October 1788; distinguishing each Year.

£. s» d.

1,825 — —

144 15 —

1,825

144 15 —

1,825 _ _

144 15 —

1,635

130 6 3

1,725 _

137 5 ——

1,825 m

144 15 —

1,825 — - —

145 — . 4

835

67 13 11

735 _

58 1 2

1,825 _

145 l6 4

1,825

145 16 4

1,825

145 16 4

1,830

146 3 10

From the 10th of October 1776 to the 10th of October 1777, the Allowance of a I.per Diem, for 365 Days ——

Deductions from Ditto of 1 s. 6d. per Pound, Duties, Treasury Fees, and Gratuities at Christmas ——

From the loth of October 1777 to the loth of October 1778, the same

Allowance for 365 Days....

Deductions from Ditto ——

From the 10th of October 1778 to the loth of October 1779, the same Allowance for 365 Days ——

Deductions from Ditto ——

Prom the 10th of October 1779 to the 1st of September 1780, inclusive, when the Parliament was dissolved, the same Allowance for 327 Days, being Leap Year -

Deductions from Ditto ——

irora the 31st of October 1780, when the new Parliament met and chose a Speaker, to the 10th of October 1781, the same Allowance for 345 Days Deductions from Ditto ——

From the 10th of October 1781 to the loth of October 1782, the same Allowance for 365 Days ——

Deductions from Ditto

From the 10th of October 1782 to the 10th of October 1783, the Allowance of 51, per Diem, for 365 Days ——

£ s. d.

Deductions from Ditto, same as last Year - - 144 15 —

Add thereto a new Stamp Duty on One Quarter, from 5 July to 10 of October 1783 - 5 —

And a Stamp Receipt for that Quarter - - 4,

From the 10th of October 1783 to and for the 25th March 1784, when the Parliament was dissolved, the same Allowance for 167 Days, being Leap Year ——

Deductions from Ditto ——

From the 18th of May 1784, when the new Parliament met and chose a Speaker, to the 10th of October 1784, the same Allowance for 145 Days Deductions from Ditto ——

From the loth of October 1784 to the 10th of October 1785, the same Allowance for 365 Days -

Deductions from Ditto....

From the 10th of October 1785 to the 10th of October 1786, the same Allowance for 365 Days ——

Deductions from Ditto ——

From the 10th of October 1786 to the 10th of October 1787, the same

Allowance for 365 Days ——

Deductions from Ditto ——

From the 10th of October 1787 to the 10th of October 1788, the same Allowance for 366 Days, being Leap Year ——

Deductions from Ditto ——

N. B, Upon every Election of a Speaker there is an Allowance received for his Equipage of ——

Deductions out of Ditto is. 6d. per Pound, Duties and Treasury Fees - ....

1,000 -

77 7 —

922 13 —

£. S. d.

1.680 5 —

1.680 5 —

1.680 5 —

1,504 13 9 1,587 15 —

1.680 5 —

1.679 *9 3

767 6 1 666 18 10

1.679 3 8

1.679 3 8

1.679 3 8 1,683 16 2

19,649 — 6

Sam1 Dunn, Secretary to Mr. Speaker.

Ordered,

Account of Allowances paid at the Exchequer to Mr. Speaker presented.

Accounts of Annual Revenues and Charges, &c. of the East India Com* pany, presented.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Allowances paid at the Exchequer

to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, from the 10th Day of October 1776 to the 10th Day of October 1788, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Allowances paid at the Exchequer to the Speaker of the House of Commons foV the Time being, from the 10th Day of October 1776 to the 10th Day of October 1788; distinguishing each Year.

From the 10th Day of October 1776 to the 10th Day of October 1777, D° - - 10th Day of October 1777 to the 10th Day of October 1778 D# - - 10th Day of October 1778 to the 10th Day of October 1779 D* - - 10th Day of October 1779 to the 10th Day of October 1780 D* - - loth Day of October 1780 to the 10th Day of October 1781

D* - - 10th Day of October 1781 to the 10th Day of October 1782 D* - - 10th Day of October 1782 to the 10th Day of October 1783 D* - - 10th Day of October 1783 to the 10th Day of October 1784 D* - - 10th Day of October 1784 to the 10th Day of October 1785 D° - - 10th Day of October 1785 to the 10th Day of October 1786 D* - - 10th Day of October 1786 to the 10th Day of October 1787 D* - - 10th Day of October 1787 to the 10th Day of October 1788

£ s* d.

at 51 a Day - - 2,000 —

- - - - 1,500 — —

- - - - 2,000

m - - - 2,000 *

- - - - 2,150 —

- - - 1,500 —

- - - - 1,890 —

- - - - 1,565 —

m - - - 1,825 —

- - - m 1,825 — „ —

- - - - 1,825

m - - - »,375 — —

£ 21,455 — —

Memorandum:

The usual Allowance to the Speaker of the House of Commons, upon the Meeting of every new Parliament, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Pounds for his Equipage, upon which Sum the Duties of Six Pence in the Pound and One Shilling in the Pound are taken, as well as upon the above Sum of Twenty-one thousand Four hundred and Fifty-five Pounds.

Exchequer, the 11th Day of March 1790.

William Rose Htjworth.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, ^to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the

Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bahar,

and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs,- and the Advances and Charges on Account Vo l. 45.

of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and m Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs,

3 T Subsidy

254 11° Martii A. 1790.

Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint

George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, so far as the same can be made up: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the Honourable House of Commons, of 19th February " 1790, requiring a Comparison of the Estimated ana " Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land " Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for the " Year 1788-9, and of the Charges defrayed for the " same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing tile same " respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and " collecting the Revenues and Customs:" And also,

N® 10 (a). An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in , Madras, and

Bombay, as far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N® 10 ( b). An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N® to (c). An Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. An Abstract of the Estimate of the probable

Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of May 1790: And also,

N° 12. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order " of the Honourable House of Commons, of 19th " February 1790, requiring an Abstract of the Estimate " of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the " Madras Government, from 30th April 1789 to the " 1st Day of May 1790, according to the latest Advices:" And also,

N° 13. An Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of May 1790: And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the Honourable House of Commons, of 19th " 1790, requiring a General Abstract of the Estimates " of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the " Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and " Bombay, between the 30th Day of 1789 and the " 1 st Day of May 1790, according to the latest Advices:* And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort Fort Saint George,

and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices; the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. A Paper, intituled, " Remarks of the Accountant General upon a Defect in the System by " which the Journal and Ledger of the Comptroller for " the Manufacture of Salt have been kept."

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir William Cunynghame presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to SaintNiniain the said County of Stirling: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir

Linlithgow Roads Rill presented. a

Stirling Roads BtU presented.

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Bill presented.

Wftttrbeach Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to Drainage whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names pCT?td°nrC* are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of the several and respective ancient Commonable Messages in Waterb in the County of Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had not been complied with, because the Certainty that it was necessary to apply to Parliament was not known in Time, that this Certainty arose from the Opinion of an eminent Counsel on the Construction of a Clause in the present Act respecting the Regulation for stocking the said Level, which Opinion was not procured until the 28th of October last, on which Day it bears Date, but that Notice of the Intention to apply to Parliament was given by affixing the same on the Church Door of Waterbe on Sunday the 31st of January, on Sunday the 7th, and on Sunday the 14th of February last; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Application (except the Owner of One Common Right out of 119 and an Half, and he did not oppose it); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- -eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and Ho establish an Agreement, made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor, was read: And,

Mr. Edward Allen being examined, said, That there is a Necessity for altering the Act, in Consequence of the Opinion given by an eminent Counsel respecting the Regulation for stocking the said Level; Then,

Mr. John Hcmmington, Junior, being examined, said, That the Number of Cattle allowed by the Act to be stocked upon the said Commonable Lands is greater than the said Lands will bear — That it has been customary for a few Years last past for a Majority of the Commoners to agree to lessen the Number of Common Rights allowed by the said Act, which the Commoners have, till lately, acquiesced in; but some of them have since refused to conform thereto, and now insist upon their whole Stockage — That the Common cannot be beneficially enjoyed without the Stint being lessened, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring tn a Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Draining " and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County " of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made " between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum " Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor:" And that Sir Charles Gould, Mr. York, General Adeane, and Mr. Gould, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

«owes Road Admiral Leoeson presented to the House, according Fill pre- to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-

seoted. ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the

Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, and from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and to the poal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King’s Pitts, and from Barrow Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Vo l. 45.

Nook, and from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to JVhaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth, in the said Counties; and for repairing and widening the Road from Buckles Stoop to Church Brough, and from the said Maiden Castle and Taylor Rigg Road to the Colliery at Kettlepot, in the County of Westmorland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Admiral Leoeson presented to the House, according Bleatarn In* to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- cl080 Bill mon and Waste, Grounds within the Manor of Blea- Pre9ented-tarn, in the Parish of JVarcop, in the County of Westmorland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Day a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of JVarwick, to com- Birmingham municate with the River Severn, near to the City of and Wor-Worcester, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Seven- £*ster Canal night, the 23d Day of this Instant March. ®'"*

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition for thereunto Subscribed, was presented to the House, and additional read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by Pr°v'«on *° the Votes, that Application hath been made to the gjS aTin£ House for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleans- V ing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts within the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; and that the Streets called Kenwyn Street, Calenick Street, and Saint Clement Street, adjoining to the said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and are subject to Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and are not of sufficient Width: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Boscawcn, Mr. Rolle,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

Mr. Yorke, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Tamer Ferry ferred to consider of the Report which was made Report* from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and the humble Petition of Reginald Pole Carew, of East Antony, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right bonourar ble George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Tor-point, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of

And Mr. Yorke moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish

11 °Martii. A. 1790.

of Stoke Damarel, in the County of and Tor-

point, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Yorke, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, and Mr. Rash-leigh, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Peterborough Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom Paving Peti- the Petition of the several Persons who have there-tions reported, unto subscribed their Names, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in the Parish of Saint John Baptist, in the City of Peterborough’, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in the Parish of Saint John Baptist, in the City of Peteborough, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Bowker, being examined, said, That the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, Causeways, and other Roads and public Places, within the said City, are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are much incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments; and that it would tend to the Safety, Accommodation, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, and other public Places, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Bowker being further examined, said, That the Street within the said City, called Cowgate, is at present under the Management of the Trustees for repairing the Turnpike Road leading from ford to Peterborough, and it is necessary that the said Street should be paved, and also that the other Roads within the Township of Peterborough, and adjoining to the said City, should be included in the proposed Bill. And he added, That, in Aid of the Rates to be made upon the Inhabitants, it may be found necessary to lay a small Toll upon Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing to and* from the said City; and, in order to secure the Collection of such Toll, it will be proper to erect Turnpikes near the Avenues, and at a small Distance from the Limits of the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Places, within the City and Township of Peterborough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township: And that Mr. Benyon and Mr. Lionel Damer do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company, of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; but that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of July 1789, had not been complied with, the Persons concerned not knowing or having heard of the same, they having been so recently made, and, immediately upon being informed thereof, Notice was given Three Times in The Liverpool Advertiser, in the Month of November last, and Notice was also given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions for the County of Lancaster, being the County in which the Alteration in the Line of the Canal is pro-

s

Leeds and

Liverpool

Navigation

Petition

reported.

posed to be made; and that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, through which it is proposed to make the Cut, have consented to the Application, except the Trustees of a Minor, and the Occupiers of the Lands belonging to him; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to The North Lady's Walk, in Li-

verpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Priestly being examined, said; That he is Accountant to the Company; that the Company have, by virtue of the said Act, raised among themselves the Sum of 300,000l. and upwards, which

hath been expended in making and completing such Part of the said Cut or Canal which lies between the said Leeds Bridge and a certain other Bridge called Holm Bridge, in the said County of York’, and in making and completing such Part of the said Cut or Canal as lies between the said Port of Liverpool and the Township of Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, and in the purchasing and improving the Navigable River Douglas, alias in the said County of Lancaster, which is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal Navigation by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in other Purposes directed by the said Acts: Then,

Mr. Robert Whitworth, Surveyor to the Company, being examined, said, That about Fifty-six Miles of the said intended Canal remain uncut, whereby the Public are deprived of the Advantages which would be obtained by finishing the said Canal — That he has surveyed the Country lying intermediate and between the completed Parts thereof; and that he apprehends great Difficulties might be avoided, or at least very much diminished, and much Expence saved, by varying a Part of the said original intended Line of the said Cut or Canal, and by making the same Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a Place called Reediford, in the Township of Great Marsden, in the said County of Lancaster, through the Parishes and Places in the Petition mentioned, to and through a Place called Nab Wood, in the Parish of Great Harwood, in the said County of Lancaster, the said new intended Line going over a complete Tract of Coal, and by such Deviation the Necessity of making a great and very expensive Aqueduct Bridge, in the Neighbourhood of Whalley, will be avoided: — And the Witness added. That in order to complete and finish the said intermediate Parts of the said Cut or Canal, it will be necessary to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said incorporated Navigations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Hmchingbrook presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through

Bugden

Biggleswade ana Bugden Road Bill presented.

30 Geo. III.

11° Martii.

967

Bugden and Alconbury,to the Top of Hill,

and from Bugdento Huntingdon, and from Hall

to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road, leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Eynesbury,

and Saint Neofs, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rybot’s Di« An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An voree Bill Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot

rea with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Keighley Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Road Bill Order, a. Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

presented, an(j enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for

repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Selby Bridge The House was moved, That the Order made upon Bill put of Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Tuesday for Three next, the Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from in the West Riding of the County of York,to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Months.

The Lords have agreed to

Royston and Wandesford Roads Bill.

Goudhurst Roads Bill.

Tavernspite Roads Bill.

The Lords have passed

Money's Estate Bill

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graces:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of James Money, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses ps the Estates to be sold Vol. 45.

now stand limited to; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Leeds Water, whom the Petition of several principal Inhabitants of and Lighting the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was rer Petltio" ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter r®P°rted* of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and h$ read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

Lucas Nicholson being examined, said. That there is not at present a necessary and regular Supply of wholesome Water within the said Town, for the Use of the Inhabitants, but that a sufficient and constant Supply of good and wholesome Water may be obtained by a Regulation and Improvement of the Water Works that at present supply the Town.

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlightening " the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements,

" in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York," was read: And,

Mr. Nicholson being further examined, said, That there are several Streets, and other Places, within and near to the said Town, to which the said Act doth not extend, and which are not properly lighted, and are subject to divers Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and that the Streets and Places under the said Act are subject to various other Nuisances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, which the Provisions of the said Act are not sufficient for removing and preventing — And he added, That the supplying the said Town and Neighbourhood with . a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water, and the Regulation and Improvement of the Streets and Places before mentioned, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Glasgow Pe-Snuff in the City of Glasgow, was presented to the tition against House, and read; Setting forth, That towards the Tobacco Close of the last Session of Parliament, a Bill was in- c ’ traduced into the House, for the Purpose of putting Tobacco under an Excise, and the Petitioners at that Time most cordially joined the London Manafacturers in their Endeavours to prevent it from passing into a Law, and this they did from a Conviction that the End proposed could not be attained while the Duties on that Article continued so high; and that, in Consequence of the Exertions of the Manufacturers, and from the Force of the Evidence adduced at the Bar. of the House, considerable Alterations were made in many of the most exceptionable 'Clauses, which Alterations (though greatly short of the Manufacturers Wishes) tended to alleviate the Hardships which the first Draft of the Bill meant to impose upon them, and in that amended State it passed into a Law, and it then became the Duty of every good Citizen to submit to an Experiment which the Legislature had determined to adopt; and that for a Period of Twtf

3 U Months

258

11° Martii.

A. 1790.

Months 'subsequent to ltd Operation, the Petitioners were inclined to believe, that an additional Revenue would result to the Nation, and that there might be a Possibility of the fair Trader being protected under it, they, therefore, with some Degree of Cheerfulness, submitted to the great Trouble, Expence, Risque of Forfeitures, &c. to which they were subjected, in Hopes that those flattering Prospects which gave a Spring to their Industry would in the End be realized; hut it is with much Concern the Petitioners find that those Expectations have been fallacious, and that the early Ray of Hope which dawned, upon their Exertions is obscured, and they now see nothing before them but the Ruin of their Manufacture, and the Triumph of the Smuggler, whose Operations were only suspended until a thorough Knowledge of the Law had enabled him to take the most effectual Steps to evade it; and that the Petitioners, from a Sense of that Duty which they owe to themselves, to their Brethren in Trade, and to their Fellow Citizens, beg Leave, with all due Submission, but with that Freedom which they consider their Inheritance, to represent to the House the ruinous Situation of the Business in their Part of the Kingdom, and to point out the Impracticability of levying a Tax of such Magnitude, even at the Expence of the Liberty of the Subject, upon any Commodity, the intrinsic Value whereof bears such a Disproportion thereto: That it is their firm Opinion, an Excise Law is totally inapplicable to an Article which undergoes such a Variety of Alterations in the Process of Manufacture, and that no Law, consistent with the Spirit of the British Constitution, can ever be effectual in raising a Revenue on Tobacco, while the Duties continue as they are, and that, if the House do not speedily adopt Measures to defeat the Operations of the Smuggler, the Manufacture in that Part of the Kingdom will soon be nearly . annihilated: And therefore requesting the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and' the Petitioners hope that they will not only find it expedient for the Relief of the Subject to repeal the Excise Law laid upon Tobacco, but for the Benefit of the Revenue to reduce the Duties so considerably, as to render the Prosecution of illicit Trade impracticable, and thereby supersede the Necessity of an Extension . of an Excise to that Article in future.

Linlithgow, A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and and Falkirk Snuff in the Towns of Linlithgow and Falkirk, was Petition ajs0 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tobacco Act. That by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff are subjected to the Laws of Excise, and, by the said Act, the Mysteries of their Trade, which they consider as private Property, are exposed to the Officers and to the Smugglers — That it imposes Rules and Regulations on the Manufacture which, in many Cases, cannot be conformed to, and subjects the Manufacturer to Penalties and Forfeitures which he can neither foresee nor prevent, and puts it in the Power of the Officer to ruin any Manufacturer, however honest his Transactions may be — That it subjects the Manufacturer to a new Mode of Manufacture, to the great additional Expence and Inconvenience of the Manufacturer, as well as the Risque of losing his Goods — That it occasions Delays and Interruptions quite inconsistent with the Nature of Trade, and prevents . the Manufacturer from disposing of any Part of his Goods, however much wanted, until the whole Parcel is declared finished*, which, in some Cases, cannot be done in less than Five or Six Weeks — That it puts an entire Stop to every Improvement in the Manufacture, by restricting the Manufacturer to certain Returns, although his Goods will often yield Six or Eight per Cent, more, and consequently compels him either to injure himself, and spoil his Goods, or smuggle an Article for which he has paid a high

Duty; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that no Excise Law will ever apply to the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff, as they undergo such a Variety of Alterations in the Process of Manufacture, and, they are further of Opinion, that no Law will ever be’ effectual in securing the Revenue on Tobacco, without a considerable Reduction of Duty on that Article;

And therefore praying, That the Tobacco Excise Act may be repealed, and the Duties reduced, so that the Revenue may be benefited, and the fair Trader protected and encouraged.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ." An Act for repealing the Duties u on Tobacco and Snuflj and for granting new " Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Petition Supply, Trustees on the Turnpike Roads, and He-ritors of the County of Stirling, thereto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That a Bill for disjoining the Counties of Stirling and Linlithgow, relative to the Turnpike Roads, and for maintaining and repairing the Roads in the said County of Stirling, and for imposing additional Tolls, and Loll upon Coal, to be levied within the said County, has been presented to the House; and that the Petitioners can demonstrate that the present Turnpike Funds are adequate to keep the Roads in Repair, and pay any Debts affecting the same, and they apprehend no additional Toll is necessary; and that the said' Bill contains several -other Clauses injurious to the Petitioners, and to the Public at large: And therefore praying to be heard by Counsel against such Clauses of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners and the Public at large.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of and for repairing the Road from Loanhead, to Saint Ninians, in the said County of Stirling, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigable Canal from the Town of Stourbridge, with Two Collateral Cuts from the Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood thereof, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and have therein expended upwards of 50,000 /. and the said Canal of the Petitioners also unites with the Dudley Canal, and by Means of the Extension of the said Dudley Cana], which is now executing, and nearly completed, a Communication will be opened between the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and the _B-mingham Canal at Tipton, and a complete Canal Navigation will be thereby made between the Town of Birmingham And the River Secern, Fifteen Mile9 nearer than the present Canal by; and that

the great Object of the Petitioners, in making the said Canal, was to supply the City of Worcester, mid g other

Petition from the Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation against the Birmingham and Worces-terCanalBilL

other Towns and Places on the River Severn, with Coals, from the very extensive and valuable Mines lying upon, or near to, the Line of such Canal, and which Object has been. effected with great Benefit to the Public; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to the River Secern, at Diglis, near to the City of Worcester, which, if carried into Effect, will be attended with very injurious Consequences to the Petitioners said Canal, without affording, as they apprehend, a Prospect of any real public Utility: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate' with the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Clerkenwell Mr. Maimoaring reported from the Committee, to Church whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and nported ©there, Trustees for building a new Church in the Parish

* of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex,

and of other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, tnade in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery, in the said Parish, was read: And,

Mr. James Carr being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Powers

?*ven by the said Act; but it is found that the good urposes thereof cannot be effectually answered, unless the said Act is amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An uAct for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at " Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for " building a new Church, and making a new Church " Yard or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto:" And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Jerooise, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Tamton Mr. Alexander Pcpham presented to the House, ac-

Society Bill cording to Order, a Bill for securing a Fund belonging presented. to the Taunton Annuitant Society for the Benefit of Widows: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shelford Pound to Wittlesford, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of -pington aforesaid, and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittlesjord, next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,'were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester:And praying, That the same may

pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of James Mone, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates to be sold now stand limited to, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 19th Day of February last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper, and also the several other Accounts and Papers this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Morton, from the said Directors, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, 'ftiat this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Stdtop Croat Mr. Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom Roads Bill the Bill for enlarging the Term of several Acts made reported. for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpingtonnext to Shelford, and from Vox. 45.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a limited

" Time,

Petition iif Favour of the Binning-' ham and Worcester Canal Bill.

Money's Estate Bill read*

Militia Vay Bill committed.

East India Company's Revenue Accounts to be printed — and referred to a Committee.

Report on Distillery Acts.

" Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, u and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of " Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating u the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from England " to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to continue, for a limited Time,; an Act, made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting " and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies;" and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon " Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of " Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Du-* ties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the " Exportation of British-made Spirits from England <l to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to " continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the u Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the " Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and " securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the " making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from u The West Indies; and to revive and continue the " said last mentioned Act;" That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty Other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of RnVwA-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Pound Weight be charged upon all Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroesed.

Mr, Gibert reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and bad come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering " the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak n Bark, when the Price of Such Bark shall exceed a

" certain

American Trade Bill presented.

Report Resolution for charging a Duty on Cocoa Nuts imported intoAmerica

Scotch Terms Bill reported.

Report Expiring Laws.

" certain Rate for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act was by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, by another Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of FIis present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act "to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and " Utensils, An Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign " Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the " Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; " and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into " Parts beyond the Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Three Acts, made in the Twenty -. seventh, Twenty-eighth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in " Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign " Wines in their Possession at a certain Time, upon " which the Duties on Importation have been paid;

and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength, at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's 'Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived and continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Second and Third Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Commonable The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Lands Culti- Reading of the Bill to improve the Cultivation of the vation Bill Commonable Lands, within that Part of Great Britain dcferred- called England-,

Vol. 45.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proj posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; vis.

To leave out the Word " now-," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant March''

And the Question being put, that the Wrord " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Iristant March," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

- Ordered', That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant March.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Indemnity der, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Bill pie. to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; sented-and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, w’ho have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the Ffrst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Papers re-Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor a pec ting Cot, General of Bengal and the Nabob of Oude, relative to wfw

the Appointment of Colonel Hannay to a Military HarLs, &c.' Command in the Service of the said Nabob; and also, ordered, the Proceedings of the Board on the same Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council oi. Bengal, in the Year 1775, relative to the

Appointment of British Officers to command the Troops in the Service of the Nabob of Oude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council in 1777, relative to Formation of the Temporary. Brigade for the Service of the Nabob of Oude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minute of Appointment of Captain David Williams to a Military Command in the Service of the Nabob of Oude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Letters, or Orders received by Captain Williams from Lieutenant Colonel Hannay, or his Secretary, relative to the Execution of Rajah Mustapha Khan; and also, a Copy of any Perwannah or Order from the Nabob of Oude relating thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in the Year 1776, on the Request of the Nabob of Oude, for the Appointment of Colonel Goddard to the Command of his Troops under British Officers.

3X The

Slave Trade deferred.

Committee on Petitions against the Tobacco Act-

fetters from Colonel Han-nay to Captain Williams delivered in.

East Grinstead Church Petition reported.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ta resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State o'f the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis reported from the Committee, That an Agent had appeared before the said Committee on Behalf of the said Petitions, and had called a Witness, who had been, in Part, examined; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii I1I, U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received from Captain Williams, in pursuance of the Order of the House of Yesterday, Copies of the Letters or Orders received by the said Captain Williams from Lieutenant Colonel Hannay, or his Secretary, relative to the Execution of Rajah Mustapha Khan; together with the Original Letters from which the said Copies were taken; and that the same were now qpon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Letters do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Letters be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Letter^ are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Land Owners and Parishioners of the Parish of East in the County of Sussex, ou Behalf of themselves and others, was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Gibbs CrauJ'urd, Esquire, being examined, said, That in the Year 1785 the Steeple of the Church of the said

03

Parish suddenly gave Way, and falling upon the Body of the said Church, entirely demolished the same, so that no Divine Worship has since been performed therein — That the Inhabitants have exerted their utmost Endeavours to re-build the said Church, but find that they cannot raise Money sufficient for that Purpose without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of East Grimtead, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Medley and Mr. Ford do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Colonel Boscatven reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Casper Clutterbuck being examined, said, That the Streets, called Kenwyn Street, Calenick Street, and Saint Clement Street, adjoining to the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, are not properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and are subject to Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and are not of sufficient Width.

That if Powers were given to pave, cleanse, and light the said Streets, and to remove and prevent all Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, for the future, and also to widen the same where necessary, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets called Kenwyn Street, Calenkk Street, and Saint Clement Street, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Mr. Grigby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Slcrwmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Petition for additional Provision to Truro Paving Bill reported.

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Bill reported.

Dormstone Inclosure Bill presented.

30 Geo. III.

12° Alar tii. 263

Dudley Road Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order,

Bill present- a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in *d' Repair, a Road from Eve near Dudley, to the New

Inn in the Parish of Pattin and from the Turnpike Road at or near Shut End, in the Parish of Jord, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

DudleyCanal Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, Navigation a gift for effectually carrying into Execution Two Acts,

Bill present- Q£ gjxteenth an(j Tw enty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge N avigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

from the Dudley Canal Navigation was presented to the House,

Proprietors o r *

of the Dudley an<^ read; Setting forth. That by an Act made in the Navigation Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, against the the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable and^Vorces- Caual tVo,n certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot ter Canal Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, to communicate B.ll. with the Stourbridge Navigation, which said Canal hath

been long since executed and rendered completely Navigable, and the Petitioners have expended upwards of 12,oooo /. in the said Undertaking; and that by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to extend the said Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in the Lands of the said Thomas Talbot Foley, to join the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton, in the County of Stafford, in order to open a Communication with the large Tracts of Coal and other Mines lying upon or near to the Line of the said Extension, and to afford a shorter and cheaper Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize between Birmingham and Bristol, and the intermediate Places; and that the Petitioners have expended upwards of 25,000l. in carrying on the Extension of the said Dudley Canal, and the said Undertaking is in great Forwardness, and will, in a short Time, be completed; by- Means whereof a Communication will be opened between the Town of Birmingham and the River Severn, Fifteen Miles nearer than the present Navigation by Autherley; and that the principal Inducement to the Petitioners to undertake the Extension of the said Dudley Canal w as in order to open a nearer and better Communication by Water between Birmingham and Worcester, and other Places on the River Severn, for the Conveyance of Merchandize and other Articles of Commerce; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn at or near Worcester, which Scheme, if carried into Effect, will be attended with great Injury to the Petitioners, and to many other Persons who have embarked their Properties in hazardous- Works under the Authority of Parliament, without affording a Prospect of Public Utility, as, when the Canal so forming by the Petitioners is united with the Birmingham Canal in pursuance of the last above stated Act, and the other Ipiprovetnents now depending are effected, a complete Communication by Water, sufficient for every Purpose of Trade and Commerce, will be opened between Birmingham and Worcester, and also between the Towns-and Places of any Importance which such proposed Canal would, if executed, communicate with or extend to, and therefore such proposed Canal cannot be in Vol. 45.

any Degree necessary for the Occasions of the Public:

And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be th$n heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the -said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Day ap-whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble pointed for Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and ^e|)vI!tn^oin others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex, Committee1 Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on on Bishop’s Behalf ot themselves and others; and also the Petition Stortford anJ of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and other ^'^atfon l'e~ Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex, Cambridge, tjt®ons>

Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves, and others, were severally referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Thomas Pelham Reported from the Committee, j^ew Chap« to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarg- pell Road ing the Powers, of an Act made in the Tenth Year rePort* of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and eJ" keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

The Lord Eardley reported from the Committee, to cov«ntry whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting Paving Bill and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs reported, thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the public Wells and Pumps, within the said City and Suburbs, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, a>nd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were^ with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause- was offered to be added to the Bill, for directing the Qualification of Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered,

Coventry Silk Weavers Petition reported.

*(Halldraeth, &c- Embank* ing and Drainage Bill committed.

264 12° MartH. A. 1T90

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilniot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Journeymen Silk Weavers residing in the City of Coventry, and in several Towns and Places in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ilellsey Hewitt (a Journeyman Silk Weaver) being examined, said, That the Wages of the Journeymen Silk Weavers at Coventry have, within the last Twelve Years, been greatly reduced — That the Price of Labour for a Piece of Fourteen Pence Figure, containing Thirty-six Yards, which used to be Six Shillings, is now reduced to Five Shillings, and something lower; and that other Articles are reduced in nearly the same Proportion — That there are other Abatements frequently made by the Masters, amounting sometimes to Half the Journeymens Wages; and there have been Instances of the whole Wages for a Piece of Work being stopped, under the Pretence that the Work had not been properly done; and that such Abatements are general among the Masters, though they vary in the Degree: Then,

Mr. Charles Colton (another Journeyman SilkWeaver) being examined, said, That the Master Silk Weavers can now keep what Number of Apprentices they think proper, and that many Masters, at this Time, keep Six or Seven, and some keep more, which is a great Hardship upon the Journeymen — And the Witness added, That he has also been a Sufferer from the Abatements made by the Masters, as mentioned by the last Witness: Then,

Mr. Joseph Edwards, Mr. Robert Berry, and Mr. Cotton, being examined, said, That the Petitioners are desirous of being put under the same Regulations as are provided by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower1 the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the " Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions," for the Journeymen Silk Weavers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that if the Provisions of the said Act were to be extended to the City of Coventry and County of Warwick, the Witnesses apprehend it would be of great Benefit to all Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in that Neighbourhood: And,

Mr. Edwards and Mr. Isaac Simpson being examined, said, That the Regulations provided by the above-mentioned Act have been attended with great Benefit to the Journeymen, and an Advantage to the Trade, in the Districts to which the same extend.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the City and County of the City of Coventry, and County of Warwick: And that Mr. Wilmot and the Lord Eardley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for more effectually embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsdda in the County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Charles Gould, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing the Road from Nexcmiln Bridge, by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing,

Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife, and for improving the Harbour of Kinghorn, or in

the said County, was read a Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 49. 1. 11. After " upon" to insert, " or within " Five Feet of."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridge by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to and

other Roads in the County of Fife.

Ordered, That Mr. Wemyss do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Suffolk, and also the humble Petition of divers other Persons residing within the said County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is making to the House for a Bill, for extending the Navigation from London to Bishop's Stortford, in the County of Hertford, by proceeding on with that Navigation to a Place called Palmers Water, in the said County of Hertford, and from thence to the Parish of Elsenham, and through the North Parts of the County of Essex, to the Town of Saffron Walden, and from the last mentioned Place through the Counties of Cambridge and to join

the Brandon River in the last mentioned County, and for making a Cut from such extended Line, in the Parishes of Great and Little Abingdon, and Baberham, to communicate with the Town of Cambridge, and that, if any Bill should be passed for extending such Navigation, and making the said Navigable Cuts, it will be productive of great and lasting Injury to the Property of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates through which such Navigation and Cuts are to be made, without affording the Public any Advantage whatever, and be very injurious to the Trade now carried on within the said County of Cambridge: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Conservators of the River Cham, alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, appointed for carrying into Execution a certain Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River " Cham, alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, " more Navigable from Clay-Hithc Ferry, to the " Queens -Mill, in the University and Town of " Cambridge," was also presented to the House, and

read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That if such Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend the same will* be highly injurious to, if not totally destructive of, the Navigation now carried on upon the said River Cham, alias Grant, by depriving the same of the Water

necessary

Fife Roads Bill passed.

Petition from Owners of Estates in Herts, Essex, &c. &c. against Bishop’s Stortford and Brandon Navigation*

Petition from the Conservators of the River Cham against D°.

Petition Against Haverfordwest Roads Bill;

12° Ma

2 65

iiecessary for the Purposes of carrying on such Navigation: And . therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Arid the said Petitions were severally brdered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of

Essex, Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy* Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex, Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, are referred.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the severed Parishes of L Clyde, Llanfyrnach, Llarboidy, Egl a Chyrie,

glwydwen, Cilymdnllwyd, Ilandisilio, Monachlogddu,

Llangolman, Llandilo, Manclo Egre-

mont, Lawhaden, Blethinston, New Moat, Henry's Moat,

Llysy-frun, Walton East, Clarebeslon, Wiston, and

Rudbaxton, being Twenty-four Parishes in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for making a Turnpike Road from the Town of Haverfordwest, through the Village of Prendegast, and a Place called Stephens Ford, towards the Town of Cardigan, so far as a House called Morris the Bailiffs (of Comelfach) in the Parish of Castlebithe, being

an Extent of Eight Miles and a Half, and that a Toll of Six Pence will be charged on all Carts carrying Lime for Manure and other Uses, together with Dung, at a Gate to be set up at Prendegast, or some Place adjacent; and the Petitioners beg Leave to represent the very great Hardships which the Said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will bring on them and their Posterity, by reason that the Road, leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to their respective Dwellings and Farms, branches out of the Cardigan Road at a Place called Rosswell, near Stephen's Ford, at the Distance of One Mile and a Quarter only from the Town of Haverfordwest, which they conceive to be a very trifling Consideration for a Toll of Six Pence for each Cart employed by them in Carriage of Manure and Fuel, although the Money to be collected from them at the intended Gate will amount to Three Times more than that of the Road leading from Rosswell, near Stephens Ford, towards Cardigan, for it' is notorious that the Number of Carts is in the Proportion of Three to One greater than on the Cardigan Road, which is the Thoroughfare of Six Parishes only, but that of the Petitioners the constant Thoroughfare of Twenty-four Parishes: And therefore praying, That the House will amend so much of the said Bill as may tend to subject the Petitioners to any Toll whatever, for passing from the Town of Haverfordwest, to a Place called Rosswell,. near Stephen's Ford, where the Cardigan Road branches off to the Left at Rosswell, from that frequented by the Petitioners, or add a Clause to compel the Trustees of the projected Turnpike towards Cardigan to make a Road of equal Length, leading from the Entrance of Rosswell Eastern Lane, by the Rath, Cross

Inn, and over Knockhill, to and New

Moat, towards the Village of Manclochog, in the several Parishes of Rudbaxton, Wiston, Walton East, Clarebeston, Llysyfrdn, and New Moat, and every Cart travelling over the same to be liable to a Toll of Four Vol. 45.

Pence and no more, or to grant to the Petitioners 1

such other Relief as to the House shall appear fitting:

Arid the Petitioners beg Leave to represent farther, That they are willing to prove by Evidence, and explain by Counsel, the several Allegations which they have herein made.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, to a Place called Morris the Bailiffs, and to Great Treffgarne Bridge, and to the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to the Harbour of Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke; is committed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and DeveriH In-Commonable Lands within the Manor of Deoeri/l Longbridge, Hussey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in c0Iuntu the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Pye, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Resolved, That, this House will, at the Rising of Hous*

the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning s°lves

J J 3 adjourn to *

v Monday.

Sir William Young, according to Order, reported from Report East the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine' IndiaJudi-the several Lists which have been delivered in at the cature* Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

That the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists; and he read the’

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

William Henry Lambton, Esquire; Lord Viscount Dozone, Joseph Jekyll, Esquire, Edmund Bastard;

Esquire, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, John Galley Knight, Esquire, Henry Duncombe, Esquire, Philip Yorke, Esquire, William Egerton, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, Sir James Langham, Baronet, the Right honourable James Grenville, the Honourable Charles Marsh Robert Smith; Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, Brook Watson, Esquire, Lord Muncaster, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet,

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Baronet, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Samuel Salt, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir Edward Astley, Baronet, Filmet' Hollywood, Esquire,

John Crewe, Esquire, Henry Bank Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir William Codrington, Baronet, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, William Hussey, Esquife,

William Pulteney, Esquire, Francis Burton, Esquire;

John Barrington, Esquire, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, Benjamin Lethieullier, Esquire, William Miiford,

Esquire, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, Richard Ford, Esquire, the Earl of Wycombe, Sir Robert Smyth,

Baronet, Edward Phe/ips, Esquire, Henry James Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, Charles Brandling;

Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, Sir George Comewall,

Baronet, John Pollexfen Bastard, Esquire, James Martin,

Esquire, John Kynaston, Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.:

3 Y Ordered,

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

Accounts of Coast Bonds; Certificates; Debentures; and Isle of Man Bonds, presented.

Account, &c. of African Company presented.

Instructions relating to the Execution of the Tobacco Act, presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u|W)n the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Mareh One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Th'e House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Meller, from the Commissioner of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Coast Bonds taken at the several Ports of England, during the Year 1788: And also.

An Account of the Number of Certificates of Foreign Goods that have been imported into, and entered Outwards from, the several Ports of England, during the Year 1788: And also,

An Account of the Number of Debentures that have been paid at the several Ports of England, during the Year 1788: And also,

An Account of the Number of Isle of Man Bonds taken at the several Ports of England, during the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

seated to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Norwich to whom the Bill for better supplying the City of Water Bill Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water, was rePorted* committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsl delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Tamer Ferry Order, a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right Bill pre-honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Regi~ seated. nald Pole Car era, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of CormoaU: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Cocoa Nuts a Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts Bill Pr imported into the British Plantations; And the same s<nted‘ was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1788 — The Account of

" the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence

under its proper Title:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, "1788 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Orders and Instructions from the Board of Excise to the Surveying " Officers, relating to the Execution of the Tobacco " Act of the last Session of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be refereed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been pre-

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Distillery Bill a Bill to continue. Two Acts, made in the Twenty- PresciHed-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and fer better regulating the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upoq Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regu- American lating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Trade Bill Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories COfnil"Ued-belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read a Second Time.

Jli

Ordnance

Papers

ordered.

East India Accounts, &o ordered.

30 Geo. III. 12°

267

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Report of such Charges as have been added to the Civil Establishment of the Ordnance, either by the Creation of new Places, or by additional Salaries, with the Names of the Persons, or their Deputies, so appointed, and their respective Offices, since the 1st of January 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Report of such open Contracts as have been made by the Master General and Board of Ordnance in consequence of Advertisements in the public Prints, specifying the respective Articles so furnished, since the' 1st of January 1784.

Ordered, Tlikt there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 1st of May 1787 to the 30th of April 1788, and also from the 1st of May 1788 to the 30th of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1st of May 1787 to the 30th of April 1788, and also from the 1st of May 1788 to the 30th of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of Bombay, find its Subordinates, from the 1st of May 1787 to the 30th of April 1788, and also from the 1st of May 1788 to the 30th of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort and Bombay,

.for the last Three Years, exhibiting a State of the East India Company’s Affairs in respect of their Debts and Assets, as they stood at Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, on the 30th of April 1787, the 30th of April 1788, and the 30th of April 1789, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account (according to the latest Advices) of all Bills drawn, accepted, or advised, from India, for the last Five Years, distinguishing, as far as can be collected from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof, and Rates of Exchange, together with the Purposes, or supposed Purposes, for which drawn, and the Periods at which they respectively become due.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt made and sold in Bengal for the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st of 1784, and of their Receipts and Payments from the 1st of March 178410 the 1st of March 1790, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of India Goods remaining unsold in the East India Company’s Warehouses on the 1st of March 1784, and on the 1st of March 1785, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of India Goods remaining unsold in the East India Company’3 Warehouses on the 1st of March 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, for the different Vol. 45.

Seasons, from 1782 to 1789, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the separate Letter, on the Finances of India, from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated 31st July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the separate Letter from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at Bombay, on the Finances, dated 31st July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the separate Letter from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at Fort Saint George, on the Finances, dated 31st July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the 33d, and Twenty-five following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated the 20th of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the 15th and Three following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated 20th August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the 7th and Three following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Bombay, dated 20th August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the General Letter on the Finances of from the Governor General and Council at Bengal to the Court of Directors, dated the 12th of March 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court of Directors, dated the 7th of Matxh 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts transferred from India, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th September 1785, and 31st July 1787, previous to the 30th April 1789, and the Amount which has been since transferred, according to the latest Advices.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Indemnity, qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and ®|11 c°m* to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have n,tte<*' omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks' of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Billl be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of so Scotch Cre-much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of dlt°rs the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An paS£e ‘

" Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more " equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much

" of

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Committee on Petitions against the Tobacco Act

Blaauw

sworn.

Clerkenwell Church Bill presented.

2 68

12° — 15° Mart'll

A. 1790.

" of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes," as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry ttyi Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this ’ Session of Parliament, praying that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new 'Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wat kin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That

they had finished the Examination of the Witness who had been before examined, and had examined another Witness; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 15° die Martii;

Anno 3O0 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MTILLEM BLAAUW took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pulling down " the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwell, in the " County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the " said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages

04

" thereto And the Same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, Linlithgow of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Road* hill and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Ma- com, B,tted* jesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunynghame, Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Durham the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Clergy, Citizens, £avi?g and Inhabitants of the City of Durham and From-welgate, and the Suburbs thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Shuttleworth, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Streets and other Places within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, are ill paved, lighted, and watched, and subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances — That several of the Houses and Buildings are inconveniently situated, and dangerous for the passing of Carriages and Persons on Foot, on which Account Accidents frequently happen; and that it will tend to the Advantage and Safety of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to, and travelling through, -t he said City, to have Such Houses and Buildings taken down and removed, so as to make the said Streets and other Places, more convenient and safe for Carriages and Foot Passengers, and to have all Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said City and Suburbs, removed and prevented, and the Streets and other Places properly paved, lighted, watched, and regulated.

And he added, That it will be of great Advantage if the Markets within the said City were better regulated, and the Market Place improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places within the City of Durham and Borough of and the Suburbs thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs:

And that Mr. Tempest and Mr. Lambton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Forth and whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Clyde Navi-Forth and Clyde Navigation, and the Company of Proprietors of the Monkland Navigation, was referred, That reported, the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same wus read; and is as followeth;

viz.

rp

J U

30 Geo. III.

15° Marin.

269

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Eighth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-seventh Years of the ' Reign of His present Majesty, whereby several Powers were given and granted the said Company of Pro* prietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the River Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot in the County of barton, and also a Collateral Cut from tire same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable. Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port or Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Frith of Forth, were read: And,

Mr. Robert Whitworth being examined, said, That the main Line of the Forth and Clyde Navigation is now nearly finished, and a Collateral Cut is made from the same to a Place called Hamilton Hill, within about a Mile of the City of Glasgow.

Then an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby several Powers were given and granted to the said Company of Proprietors of the Monkland Navigation, to make and maintain a

Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of Glasgow, was read: And,

Mr. Patrick Colquhoun being examined, said, That considerable Progress has been made in the said last mentioned Canal; and that the said Two Companies of Proprietors are desirous to have a Junction formed between the Two Canals — That it would be highly beneficial to the Public at large, if the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation were empowered to carry on their Collateral Cut from Hamilton Hill to the West End of the Monkland Canal, at Or near the Townhead of the City of Glasgow, and to purchase Lands for making a Harbour and Bason at or near a Place called Hundred Acre Hill, and were also empowered to build Houses and Warehouses for the Accommodation of Merchants and others resorting thereto, and to open Roads, Lanes, and Passages leading from the same to the City of Glasgow.

And the Witness further said, That in order to supply both Navigations with Water, and for completing the same, it is become necessary that the Monkland Canal should be extended from the Sheep Ford to the River Calder, and that the before-mentioned Acts re-

lative to both Companies should be further explained, amended, and rendered more effectual, and more ample and other Powers given to the respective Companies, to enable them to finish the Works in which they are engaged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for forming a junction between the and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations: And that Sir Thomas , Sir Archibald

Edmonstone, and Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stiriifl;

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, committed so muc^ of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to- Saint Ninians, in the said County of Stirling, was read a Second. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir William Cunynghanie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo l. 45.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, Trustees on aga!"st r*#<* the Turnpike Roads, and Heritors of the Count/ of red,"awl* F" Stirling, thereto subscribing, which was presented to Counrelor-the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to dered. lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who home to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed;

A Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Stirling and Dumbarton, was read a Second Time. noads*Bilf

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas committed; Dundas, Sir William Cunynghame,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term,- and altering and Bowes Road enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts/ of the Sixteenth Bill com-Year of King George the.Second, and the Ninth Year mitte of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stain-more, in the County of Westmorland, and’from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and to the Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and from

row Brow to Middle Fell Dyke-Nookand from Tan Hill and King’s Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to Whaw Lam Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth, in the said Counties; and for repairing and widening the Road from Buckles Stoop to Church Brough, and from the said Maiden Castle and Taylor Rigg Road to the Colliery at Kettlepot in the County of Westmorland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Leveson, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Bleatam In-Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bleatam, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Ledeson, Mr. Brett, Scc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Samwell’s whom the Bill to enable Thomas Sarrrwell Watson - Name Bill well, Esquire (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) rePorteil-and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell, Baronet, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any. Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

‘A Petition of Sir Thomas Godch, Baronet, was pre- Sir Thomas sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition against the hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for Birmingham making a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of "'d Worces-

3 Z Bit'mingham anal

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Bill passed.

Colnies and CarUord Poor Bill reported.

Rybot’s Divorce Bill committed.

270 15° Martii. A. 1790.

Birmingham to the Rivet Severn, at Digits, heat the City of Worcester; and that the Petitioner is the Owner of several valuable Water Mills, situate in and near to the Town of Birmingham, which lie below the Line of the said intended Canal, and is also the Owner of a large Landed Property in ‘and near the said Town; and that the present Supply of Water to the Petitioner’s Mills is inadequate for the necessary Use thereof, and, in case the said intended Canal should take Place, the Petitioner apprehends that the same must unavoidably intercept and take away great Part of the Resources which afford the natural Supply of Water to the said Mills, and, in consequence -thereof, the same will be greatly injured and lessened in Value; and that many very valuable and extensive Buildings have been erected upon the Petitioner's Estate in and near to the Town of Birmingham, the Value and Improvement whereof depends upon the Prosperity of the Manufactories-of the said Town, which cannot be carried on without a constant and Cheap Supply of Coals, and the Petitioner apprehends that, by Means of the intended Canal, the Coals will be sent from the Mines which lie nearest to the Town of Birmingham into distant Markets, and thereby the Supply of Coals for the Use of the said Manufactories will be rendered precarious, and the Price thereof consequently advanced, a very great Injury will result therefrom to the Petitioner’s Property: And therefore praying to be heard, by his Cdunsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrOssed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Su ffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Grighy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colnds and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was eomraitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas with

Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do bear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Billand also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Keighley enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for re- Road ?lU pairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of commlUc the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Duncom.be presented to the House, according £ra(|ford to Order, a Bill for improving and preserving the Water Work* Works- made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in Bill pro the County of York, and Part of the Township of senUi Horton, in ,the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for better supplying the City of Norwich Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water, was read Wateri Bill the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Biggleswade the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, committed, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alcon-bury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of die aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Temp ford, to and through Little Barford \Eynesbury, and to

the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, A as read a Sec'ond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lqrd Hinchingbrook, Mr. Gilbert, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilmot presented to the House, according to Coventry Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made Weavers in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and liberty of the Tower of London, to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the City and County of the City of Coventry, and County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, accord- Terrington ing to Order, a Bill for embanking the Common Salt E"Unk»'»g Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's p"_08""

and stated.

Al/reton Roads Pc* tition reported.

Leeds and Liverpool Navigation Bill presented.

Petitions from Barnstaple; Bristol; and Bath; in favour of the Birming-foyn and Worcester Canal BA I

and Terrington Saint John'sin the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons within the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and " keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from " Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter " Lane, to a certain Place, in the Town of Mansfield, " called Stodewell, and from the Bridle Gate at the

" Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and " nail, through the Town of Sutton in to

" the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike at or near " Python Hill, in the Forest of Shencood, in the " County of Nottingham," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Oates, Surveyor of the Roads, being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place, in the Town of Mansfield, called Stochoell, and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blackicell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at

or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Corporation and principal Inhabitants of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and others, in the City of Bristol, and its Environs, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: and also,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of Bath,

Vol. 45.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn near to the City of W;

And praying, that the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions wefe severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Edington In-Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called p Edington, otherwise Burile Moor, East Heath, West Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edington, and Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Willem ,was read Blaauw'*

a Second Time. Nat Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. committed* Gilbert, Mr. Ord, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for altering the Time appointed ScotcliTerm* for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Bill passed. Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned Petition from in the Shipping Business in the City of Exeter, and Exeter, reports adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; »Pect'»gthe Setting forth, That the Petitioners always see, with of°Shi^U°n great Pleasure, any Attempts to stop the pernicious Progress of Smuggling, and the Acts passed with that View in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh of His present Majesty, in their Execution prove very detrimental to the Shipping Trade, by rendering Ships of considerable Value liable to Seizure; for Forfeitures of a trifling Amount; and that as this depends upon the Conduct of the Common Seamen, which it is impossible for the Ship Owner to controul, they are apprehensive that Branch of Business will be very much diminished, to the great Loss of Individuals, and the more material Probability of diminishing that useful Body of Men the Common Sailors: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think its Importance deserves.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Petition ibr Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was additional presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ^^niton Application hath been made to the House, for Leave Paving, &c. to bring in a Bill for making the Passage through the Bill, said Town and Borough more safe and convenient and for paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough, and for other Purposes; and that several public Roads lying within, or leading to, the said Town and Borough, are Part of certain

Turnpike

Bromham Roads Petition reported.

272

Turnpike Trusts, and might be more conveniently widened, paved, and otherwise improved, if the same were put under the sole Care and Management of the Commissioners proposed to be appointed for carrying the Purposes of the said Bill into Execution, and it would tend to the Safety and Protection of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough if a well regulated Nightly Watch was established therein: And

therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for discharging the respective Trustees from the Care and Management of such Parts of the said public Roads as are within or near the said Town ind Borough, and for putting the same under the sole Care and Management of the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and for establishing a proper Nightly Watch within the said Town and Borough, and for raising Money for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in suqh Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Bedford and Bucks, near the Roads thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April -1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but that Notices were given in The Northampton Mercury Four Times, in the Months of December, January, and February last, of a Meeting to be held at Olney, on the 15 th of February, to consider of the proposed Application to Parliament for the Repair of the Road in the Petition mentioned; and that all the principal Inhabitants and Proprietors of Lands in the several Parishes through which the said Road leads have been acquainted with the Application, and are consenting thereto; and that a further Notice was given in the said Paper, on the 6th Instant, for another Meeting to be held at Olney, at both which Meetings it was unanimously agreed, that it was necessary to apply to Parliament to put the said Roads into proper Repair; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Higgins being examined, said, That the Road leading from Bromham Bridge, in the Parish of Brom-ham, through Steoerton to Turoey, in the County of Bedford, and from Turvey aforesaid through the Parishes of Brayfield, Lavendon, Warrington, and Olney, in the County of Bucks to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney aforesaid, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, up Dagg Lane, to Newport Pagnell, in the said County of Bucks, are out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

A. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given, at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the respective Counties of Bedford and Bucks, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers published or circulated within the said Counties, before the 20th Day of April next, of the Application to Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Bromham Bridge, in the Parish of Bromham, in the County of Bedford, through the Parishes of Stev Turvey, Lavendon, Warrington, and Olney, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, and frbm the said Turnpike Road at the South End of the Town of Olney, through the Parishes of Weston Underwood, Ravenstone, and Stoke 'to the Turnpike

Road leading from Northampton to Neuport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

A Bill for securing a Fund belonging to the Taun- Taunton So. ton Annuitant Society for the Benefit of Widows, ciety Bill was read a Secohd Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alexander Popham, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fifth Report from CommiV-tee appointed to examine Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who were impowered to report die Minutes of such Exa* mination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afi-terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The House being informed that Mr. Prestwood, from Account the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Money in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Longitmte

An Account of what Money has been issued by the presented. Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding- the Longitude at Sea,

or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments " relating thereto.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Navy

15° Martii.

30 Geo. III. 15°

273

Navy Office, 15th March 1790.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has beert issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-lirst Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the " Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto:" Prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 9th March 1790.

TO WHOM, AND UPON WHAT ACCOUNT.

To Mr. William Bayly, who was employed on Board His Majesty’s Sloop The Discovery, during her last Voyage with His Majesty’s Ship Resolution round the Globe, in making Astronomical and Nautical Observations, for his Salary, at the Rate of 400l. per Annum, from the 2d March 1776, when he received his Instructions from the Commissioners of the Longitude, previous to the sailing of The Discovery, to the 24th October 1780, when she was paid off, and the Instruments with which he was intrusted returned - - - - £1,859 J4 6

Whence abating what was allowed him before

upon Account - 1,200 — . —

There remains

- £ 659 14 6

To Dr. Charles Hutton, for his Labour and Trouble in computing Tables of Products, Powers, and Roots of Natural Numbers, lately published, and for furnishing the necessary Precepts, and correcting the Press -

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridy, for the Years 1791 and 1792 ——

To Mr. William Bayly, as a Recompence for his Trouble in reducing, compiling, and printing the Astronomical Observations made during Captain Cook’s last Voyage, and intended to be published with the Historical Account thereof -To Mr. William Richardson, Printer, being the Amount of his Bill for printing Astronomical Observations made during Captain Cook’s last Voyage, as also Nautical Almanacks, Tables, &c. -To Messrs. Wright, Gill and C*, Stationers, being the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied by them for the Use of the Commissioners of the Longitude ——

To Mr. Robert Blair, as a Reward for having discovered a Method of adjusting Hadley’s Quadrant for the Back Observation, with the same Ease and Accuracy, and on the same Principle, as the Method now practised in the Fore Observation, with little or no additional Apparatus -

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridy, for the Years

*793 and 1794 - - -.....-

To Messrs. Wright, Gill, and C", Stationers, being the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied by them for the Use of the Commissioners of the Longitude ——

To Mr. James Basire, being the Amount of his Bill for engraving the Compass, &c. used in the Voyage of the late Captain Cook, after a Drawing of Mr. Bayly, and for engraving a Plate belonging to the Nautical Almanack, after a Drawing of Mr.

Dates of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Longitude to the Commissioners of the Navy, for Payment of the Money.

) 9th April 1781

Blair’s

To Mr. William Richardson, the Amount of his Bill for Printing, in the Year 1783, the Works published by Order of the Commissioners of the Longitude ——

Vol. 45.

SUMS.

659 14 6

1st December - i 200

2d March 1782 - 480

7th December - 200

7th December 1782 450 5 —

7th December 1782 161 13 6

7th December 1782 100

22d November 1783 550

6th March 1784 97 4 4

6th March 1784 11 11 —

24th August 1784 142 2 —

4 A

T

15° Martii.

A.1790

Papers relative to the Finances of the East India Company presented.

TO WHOM. AND UPON WHAT ACCOUNT. Dates of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Longitude to the Commissioners of the Navy, for Payment of the Money. SUMS.

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridy, for the Years 1795 and 1796 - £ J. d.

4th February 1786 480 — —

To Mr. Michael Taylor, an Allowance for correcting the Press of the Nautical Almanacks, for the Years 1786 and 1787 28th November 1786 30 ——

To Mr. Christopher Buckton, an Allowance for re-printing the Nautical Almanacks, for the Year 1787 28th November 1786 49 12 t)

To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, being the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied by them for the Use of the Commissioners of the Longitude ----- -- 28th November 1786 27. 6 6

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautieal Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridy, for the \ ears 1797 and 1798 - 12th December 1787 480

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridy, for the Years 1799 and 1800 25th September 1789 480 — —

To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, being the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied by them for the Use of the Commissioners of the Longitude ----- -- 5th December 1789 158 9 4

£ 4,757 18 8

_The Whole amounting to the Sum of Four thousand Seven hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Cka‘ Middleton, J. Henslow, Geo. Marsh,

Geo. Rogers, W. Bellingham, Le 1Wallis.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* l. Copy of the separate Letter, on the Finances of India, from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the separate Letter from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at , on the Finances, dated 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the separate Letter from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at FoH Saint George, on the Finances, dated 31 July 1787: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the 33d, and Twenty-five following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated the 20th of August 1788: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the 15th, and Three following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated 20th August 178.8: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the 7th, and Three following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Bombay, dated 20th August 1788: And also,

N° 7. Copy of the General Letter on the Finances of India, from the Governor General and Council at Bengal to the Court of Directors, dated 12th March 1789: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court of Directors, dated 7th March 1789: And also.

N° 9. An Account of the Amount of the Debts transferred from India, agreeable to the Orders of the Court of Directors of the 15th September 1785, and 31st July 1787, previous to the 30th April 1789, and the Amount which has been since transferred, according to the latest Advices.

Mr. Morton likewise presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General of Bengal and the Nabob of Oude, relative to the Appointment of Colonel Hannay to a Military Command in the Service of the said Nabob; and also the Proceedings of the Board on the same Subject: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in the Year 1775, relative to tire Appointment of British Officers to 07 Command

Papers relative to the Appointment of British Officers to command the Troops in the Service of the Nabob of Oude, presented.

30 Geo. III.

15° Marti!.

375

Command the Troops in the Service of the Nabob of Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and Oude: And also, others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts,

N° 3. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on General and Council in 1777, relative to Formation of Behalf of themselves, and others; and also, the Peti-the Temporary Brigade for the Service of the Nabob of tion of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and Oude: And also, other Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex,

N° 4. Copy of the Minute of Appointment of Captain Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on David Williams to a Military Command in the Service Behalf of themselves, and-others, are referred, of the Nabob of Oude: And also,

N® 5- A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to County " the Honourable House of Commons, requiring Copy explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year p!.e1ctl"ns " of the Order for the Execution of Rajah Mustapha of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Bl or ere"* " Khan: And also, Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament

N° 6. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor for that Part of called And that

General and Council of Bengal, in the Year 1776, on Captain Berkeley, Mr. Vansittart, and Mr. Rolle, do the Request of the Nabob of Oude, for the Appointment prepare, and bring in, the same, of Colonel Goddard to the Command of hisTroops under

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Sroms^rove md Binning* wo Road 521 commtied.

British Officers.

Together with Lists of the said Papers and Account.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Rye, &c.: And they raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Militia Pay Bill reported.

Petition from the University of Cam-bririge against Bishop’s Stortford and Brandon Navigation.

Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having been informed that a Petition has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Extension of the Navigation from Stortford, in Herts, to the River Brand in Norfolk, have Reason to appre-

A Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts Cocoa Nut# imported into the British Plantations, was read a Second B*h Time. m,tted-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Crown Land* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, CommissionAn Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into com*

" the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and " Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or " alienate Fee-farm and other unimproveable Rents,’* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to

hend that such Navigation will be extremely prejudicial, defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share if not entirely destructive, to the Navigation of the of Seizures in general: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele,

Bill respecting Seizures ordered.

River Cam: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves their Agents, or Counsel, before the House, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Vo l.45.

and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1 Allow-to consider of an Allowance to be made to the M^Soeaker Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time

the

being,

Accounts of

Feet?, &c. icicned*

276

being,

Office, same;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were received by the Clerk of this House, from the Clerk appointed to collect the Fees to be taken by the Officers of this House, and from Mr. Speaker’s Secretary, in pursuance of the Order of the House of Wednesday last, " That there be laid before this House, an Account " of the Fees upon Private Bills; and of the Allowances " paid at the Exchequer to the Speaker of the House " of Commons for the Time being, from the 10th Day " of October 1776 to the 10th Day October 1788, " distinguishing each Year," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Allowances paid at/the Exchequer to the Speaker of the House of Com-

15° — 16° Marin.

A. 1790.

mbre adequate to the Dignity of the said Esquire, received oh the 15th of September 1782, and to the Expence necessarily attending the contained in the Copy of the Bengal Persian Correspondence, Nc 1, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Circumstances attending the Execution of Rajah Must Khan, and by what Authority the said Mustapha Khan was put to Death;

A Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the P*p*ntd« several Papers which were this Day presented to the B*t;sho"a House by Mr. Morton (from the Directors of the East Commaodi* India Company) relative to the Appointment of British Troops in ti* mons for the Time being, from the 10th Day of October Officers to Command the Troops in the Service of the v|c'^ 1776.to the 10th Day of October 1788, distinguishing Nabob of Oude, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the pnm't(Lt0 each Year, be referred to the said Committee. TT ~ c "

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Master of the Rolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Master of the Rolls reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

'«Sl

Supply deleted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pap*«Kla» several Papers and Account which wrere this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton (from the Directors of the East India Company) relative to the Finances of the said Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Indemnity H ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defcrfe(1. House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora-

American Trade Bill deferred.

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Debate on Motion for appointing a Committee

pha Khan was put to Death, ad* journed.

The House was moved, That the Translation of the Deposition of Ahlaud Sing, Subadar, stationed in the Fort of Goruckpore; taken before Chief Justice Sir toenquire'by Elijah Impey, the 26th of November 1781, contained in whut Autho- the Appendix, N* t, to the Supplement to the Second rity Musta- Report from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 13th Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Extract from the Examination of Captain Williams, taken before a Committee of this House on the 2d of June 1786, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of Oude to Warren Hastings,

tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A

A

k

th

of

G

at

ct

Martis, 16° die Martii.

Anno 30* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1790.

Pa a v F. RS.

A PETITION of the Bailiffs, and several prin- Petitions from cipal Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of SmliTmih#!5 Gloucester: And also, Ore; Wells; d

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Worcester , it I of Haverfordwest; And also, J*0'*

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are CmJ Bill, thereunto subscribed, Smelters of Iron Ore, and Manufacturers in Iron, in and near the Towns of

Birmingham,

l

Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Walsall, Dudley, Stourbridge, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition, of the Corporation and Inhabitants of the City of Wells: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City and Vicinity of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Dorchester , Mr. Benyonreported from the Committee, to whom reportedlU *he Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

iiUingworth Mr. Gregg reported from the Committee, to whom IocImuk Bill the gin for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, reporte Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Killingxoorth Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills

of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands to the Amount of 104/. a Year, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, are of the Yearly Value of 3,550/., or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

Coltingham whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Inclosure Bill regulating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, reported. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North

Collingham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been Vo L.

complied w'ith; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; add afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thfcn a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Murray reported from the Committee, to Duke of whom the Petition of the most Noble Duke of Atholl was referred; that the Committee had examined report«!. the Matter of the Said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, your Committee find, That by a private Act of Parliament produced to your Committee, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled,

" An Act for the assuringe and establishinge of the " Isle of Manne," after reciting, or taking Notice, that William, then Earl of Derby, and his Ancestors, had, ever since the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, held and enjoyed the Isle of Mann as their proper Inheritance, it was enacted, that the said William Earl of Derby, and the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, during their Lives, and the longer liver of them; and after their Deaths James Lord Stanley, Son add Heir Apparent of the said Earl, and the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and after his Death without such Issue, Robert Stanley,

Second Son of the said Earl, and the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and after his Death without such Issue, the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Earl of Derby, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, the right Heirs of the said James Lord Stanley should and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and quietly enjoy the said Isle, against the said King James, his Heirs and Successors, and against the several Persons in the said Act particularly named, being the Widow and the Three Daughters and Co-heiresses of Ferdinando late Earl of Derby, deceased, their Husbands and Heirs; and that neither the said James Lord Stanley, nor any the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, nor the said Robert Stanley, nor any the Heirs Male of his Body; lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, nor any the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Earl of Derby, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, should have any Power, Authority, or Liberty to give, grant, alien, bargain, sell, convey, assure, or do away the said Isle, or any Part thereof, from his or their Issue or Issues, or other Persons by the said Act appointed to enjoy the same; but that the same should remain and continue to the said James Lord Stanley, and the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the said Robert Stanley, and the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Earl of Derby, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the right Heirs of the said James Lord,

as before by the said Act is appointed; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assurances, and Acts, done or to be doiie or ' 4 B made.

Duke of Atholl’s Petition*

278 16o Mart'ri. A. 1790.

made, to the contrary, should be utterly- Void, frustrate, and of none Effect.

And to prove that on the Failure of Heirs Male of the said William Earl of Derby, James Lord Stanley, and Robert Stanley, the said Isle, on the Death of James late Earl of Derby, in the Year 1735, descended, under the said Parliamentary Entail, to the most Noble James Duke of as right Heir of the said James Lord Stanley, and that on his Decease, in 1764, the Succession thereof devolved on John Duke of Atholl, and Charlotte Dutchess of Atholl and Baroness Strange, his Wife, Daughter and only surviving Child and Heir at Iaw of the said James Duke of Atholl, an Act of Parliament of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty was produced to your Committee, intituled, "An Act for carrying into " Execution a Contract made pursuant' to the Act " of Parliament of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury and the Duke " and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle " of Mann, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of " the said Island and its' Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned," wherein those several Facts last mentioned are stated or recited.

And Mr. George Stuart informed your Committee, That the said John late Duke of Atholl departed this Life in the Year 1774, leaving the said Charlotte Dutchess of Atholl, his Wife, and the said present Duke of Atholl, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, him surviving; and that by virtue of a Deed of Restriction, bearing Date the 30th Day of December 1774, duly executed by the said Dutchess, for the Reasons therein recited the said now Duke of Atholl became entitled to the immediate Possession of the said Isle, and hath continued in the Possession thereof; a Copy of which said Deed, taken from the Records of the Court of Session in Scotland, and proved to be a true Copy thereof by the said George Stuart, who compared the same, was also produced to your Committee.

In further Proof of the Allegations of the said Petition, Three several Reports made to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; namely, a Report of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, of the 4th of January 1765; a Report of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in Scotland, of the 24th of 1764; and a Report of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, of the 20th of October 1764, were produced to your Committee, by which it appears that great Frauds and Abuses had been practised by the running of Goods from the Isle of Mann into the Two Kingdoms, highly injurious to the Revenues thereof, the Loss thereby sustained in the Revenue of Great Britain alone being stated, in the Report of the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise for Scotland, to amount by Computation, to 350,000l. or nearly that Sum, Annually: And, in further Proof of the Existence of the said Mischiefs, His Majesty’s Orders and Proclamations in Council, of the 17th of August 1764, were produced to your Committee, whereby it was ordered, that the Commissioners of the Admiralty should station a sufficient Number of Ships and Cutters in the Harbours and Coasts of the Isle of Mam, in order to the putting a Stop thereto: And your Committee find. That by virtue of certain special Clauses contained in an Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, whereby the Commissioners of the Treasury were authorized to treat for the Purchase of the said Isle of Mam on the Behalf of the Crown, the said Commissioners, by their Letter of the 25th of July 1764, had made Overtures to the late Duke of Atholl for the Purchase thereof, or of such Part thereof as it should be found expedient to vest in the Crown for preventing the 01

pernicious Effects of the illicit Trade then carried oil between the said Island and the other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; but to which no Answer appears to have been returned by the said Duke, until the 20th of August, a few Days after issuing the said Proclamations.

The said Letter of the 26th of July, with the Duke’s Answer thereto, and the Reply of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the 12th of September following (being, as your Committee is informed, the Whole of the Correspondence on that Occasion) appearing to contain Matter deserving Attention, Your Committee have annexed a Copy thereof to their Report.

In further Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Proceedings entered in the Journal of the House of the nth, 12th, 14th, 17th, and 21st of January 1765, touching the aforesaid illicit Practices, were read to your Committee from the Entries of the Journals; as was likewise the aforesaid Act, passed in the same Year, for re-vesting the said Isle of Mann in the Crown, reserving to the said late Duke and the Dutchess of Atholl, and their Heirs, their Manerial Rights and Landed Property, in the Manner stated and set forth in the said Petition; and also a Grant under the Great Seal of Ireland, dated the 2 2d Day of August, in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, whereby, after taking Notice of the said Act of Re-vestment, and that His Majesty, having taken into His Royal Consideration the particular Situation of the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl from Rent Charges and Annuities upon their other Estates, in Consequence of Settlements made by the ldte Duke of Atholl, from the Prospect that the Revenues of the Isle of Mann would have continued to them, and on that Account that His Majesty was graciously disposed to give them a Mark of His Royal Munificence and Bounty; and His Majesty, being sensible that the Revenues and Commerce of the Kingdom of Ireland, as well as those of Great Britain, would receive great Benefit and Improvement by the said Surrender, His Majesty was graciously pleased to grant to the said Duke and Dutchess, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, an Annuity or Yearly Allowance of 2,000l. to be issuing out of His Majesty’s Revenues at large in the said Kingdom of Ireland, in the Manner stated in the said Petition.

To shew that the said re-vesting Act was made under the Pressure of the Moment, when the Urgency of the Mischief called for an immediate and effectual Remedy, and when, from the recent Possession of th6 Petitioner’s Father and Mother, they could form no accurate Idea of the Extent or Value of the Rights and Interests which were necessary to be ceded, and that the Act was passed without any Evidence produced to prove what Rights of Property in particular were necessary to be vested in the Crown for the Security of the public Revenue (the sole Object of that Act) from future Frauds and Evasions, it was observed to your Committee, on the Part of the Petitioner, That the aforesaid Proclamations of Council were, at the-Time of making the Contract of March 1765, for the Surrender of the Island, in full Force and Effect, and that the Bill (which with some Amendments was afterwards passed into a Law) " for K the more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising " to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain " and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade u to and from the Isle of Mann," was then depending in the House; and that, although the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl had been heard by their Counsel at the Bar, on the 19th of February, in Support of their Petition, complaining, " That if the said- Bill should

" pays


16° Afartii.

279

" pass into a Law, they apprehended all the valuable " Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, granted to " their Ancestors under the Sanction of the Legislative Authority, so long exereised and enjoyed by " them to the Extent of their Grant, and lately* " recognized by Parliament, would be wrested and " torn from them without any Provision made for " that Recoin pence and Compensation which the " Legislature, upon a former Hearing of the Paten- tee’s Right, seemed to consider as a Debt to be " paid by the Public for the great consequential " Advantages which would result to the Community " from a Resumption, expedient perhaps to the State, ct but injurious and detrimental to the Proprietor Nevertheless the House proceeded to the P-eading the said Bill a Second Time, and on the same Day resolved that the Bill should be committed to a Committee of the whole House; and further resolved, that the House would, upon that Day Sevennight, being the 28th of February then Instant, resolve itself into a Committee upon the said Bill, in Proof whereof the said Petition, and the Resolutions thereon, were read to your Committee, from the Entries on the Journals; and in further Evidence of the said Allegations, a Letter from the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, addressed to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, of the 27th of February aforesaid, was produced and read to your Committee, whereby the said Duke and Dutchess did declare their Readiness, if it should be deemed necessary for the public Service, to part with all their Rights in the said Isle; as likewise the Evidence of Mr. Hammer sly, taken at the Bar of the House, on the 18th of May 1781, and of Sir Fletcher Norton, a Member of the House, given in his Place on the same Day, tending to prove (amongst other Things) that the Contract was considered, by the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, as an involuntary or compulsory Act on their Parts, and that if the Duke was at Liberty, he would not take double the Consideration which had been proposed; and that it Was understood by the Duke, that an Application would be made to Parliament in the next Session to explain and set to Rights any Errors or Improprieties that might have escaped in the said re-vesting Act; and that the Committee on the said other Bill stood suspended only for a Week, to give an Opportunity for re-commencing the Negotiation with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Surrender of the Island, and within which Time it appears, by the Preamble of the said re-vesting Act, to have been accordingly concluded.

To prove the Annual Produce of the several Species of Revenue arising to the Crown within the said Island, consisting of Customs, Harbour Fund, and Herring and Salmon Fisheries, Two Accounts thereof, purporting to be the Accounts of George Watts, Receiver General of the said Island, have been produced to your Committee; by the One of which it appears that the Produce of the Revenue of Customs of the said Isle, from the Re-vestment in 1765 to the 10th of October 1789, amounts to the Sum of 70,145 /. 3 s.id.; and that by the other . of the said Accounts, that the Net Produce of Harbour Duties on Shipping and Goods, and Herring and Bay Fisheries, from the 5th of July 1771 to the 5th of July 1789, have amounted to the Sum of 7,024/. 16$. 5 which said Two Accounts your Committee have thought fit to annex to their Report, for the Information of the House.

With respect to the Complaint made by the said Petition, that in the Hurry of the Transaction of 1765, arising from the Urgency already stated, the Titles of the Petitioner’s Family appear not to have been perfectly understood, insomuch that Words of Voi. 4 5.

gveat legal Import, contained in the Act of the Se- Duke of venth or King James the First, " for the Settlement £tho!1 " and Entail of the said Island unalienably,’’ were icUUt>n‘ omitted to be inserted in the Preamble of the said Bill of 1765, and which, as the Petitioner is advised, militate against the Power of James Duke of Atholl to new model the Succession by the Deed of Trust of 1756, recited in the said Preamble, but to the Uses of which Settlement the said 70,000 /. hath been actually applied by the Trustees thereof, under the Sanction given to the new Entail by that Agreement made between the Crown and the said Trustees, and utider the Power given to the Trustees of the same Entail, by the Provisions of the said Act, for vesting Mann in the Crown: Your Committee, on comparing the Recitals of the said Act of Settlement, contained in the said Preamble, with the said Act, have found that some Inaccuracies have crept into the said Recital, and in particular, that neither the Date nor the Title of the said Act are correctly stated in the said Preamble, and that some Part of the Clause contained in the said Act, whereby any Acts or Deeds for alienating the said Isle are nullified, are omitted to be inserted in that Part of the Preamble which recites the said nullifying Clause; but whether the said Inaccuracies in the Recital of the Date and Title of the said Act, or the said Omissions, are of great legal Import, or militate with the Powers of the said James Duke of Atholl to new model the Succession to the said Isle, your Committee submit to the Judgment of the House; and for their better Information (the said Act of Succession being a private One, and not a printed Statute) your Committee have annexed an authenticated Copy thereof to their Report

Copy of a Letter, dated 25th July 1764, from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Duke of Athol, in relation to the Purchase of the Isle of Man.

My Lord,

We think proper to inform your Grace, That id pursuance of the Powers vested in us by the Twelfth of George the First, we are willing to treat with you for the Purchase of the Isle of Man, or of such Part of the Rights claimed by your Grace in the said Island as it shall be found expedient to vest in the Crown, for preventing that pernicious and illicit Trade which is at present carried on between the said Island and the other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in Violation of the Laws, and to the great Diminution and Detriment of the Revenues of this Kingdom.

The House of Commons, during the last Session of Parliament, thought fit to enquire whether any, and what Steps, had been taken for this Purpose; and we have Reason to think it is expected of us that we should pursue every legal Method for the Prevention of this Evil; with, this View we have judged it necessary, First, to inform ourselves of the present extent of this illegal Commerce, of the Nature of those Rights, under Colour of which it is carried on, and of the Laws of this Country with respect to them: We are now ready to treat with your Grace, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament, and to receive from you a Proposal for that Purpose, specifying what Part of your Property and Rights in the said Island you are disposed to sell, and the Value you put upon them, that we may know whether the Terms are in all Respects such as we, who are Trustees .-for the Public, can admit; but if your Grace is qotjSfeclined to enter into a Treaty with us upon the Subject, we beg to be informed of it, that we may ifiien pursue

Duke of Athol l’« Petition.

280 16° Mar tit. . 1790.

such other Methods as we shall think our-Duty to the Public requires of us.

We are,

My Lord,

Your Grace's most humble Servants,

George,

Whitehall Treasury John,

Chambers, James Harris.

25 July 176*

Copy of a Letter, dated 20th August 1764, from the Duke of Athol to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in relation to the Sale of the Isle of Man.

Athol H,20th August 1764.

My Lords,

I have received the Honour of your Lordships Letter of the 25th of July, informing me, that, in pursuance of the Act of the Twelfth of King George the First, you are willing to treat with me for the Purchase of the Isle of Man.

I am very sdiry to hear there has been so many Complaints of Smuggling from thence, which is a Practice I give no Maaner of Encouragement to, iny Revenues arising from a fair Duty, collected upon the Importation of Goods.

I have the same Ideas with regard to the Sale of the Island that the late Duke of Athol had, who always declared, that no Temptation of Gain could induce him to give up so ancient, so honourable, and so noble a Birth Right, such as no. Subject of the Crown of England now has, or ever had, which has been in our Family near Four Centuries; and that he thought nothing could be an Equivalent to One of his Rank and Circumstances for so great a Patrimony: At the same Time his Duty and Attachment to the King was such, that if it was esteemed, upon a full Consideration, an important Point for His Majesty’s Service, and for the Good of the Public, he in that Event was willing to enter into a Treaty for the Disposal of it; — and these are the only Reasons that can induce me to do the same.

The Purchase of the Isle of Man has been frequently thought of by former Administrations; but upon balancing the Advantages and Disadvantages which might arise to Government, they did not think proper to treat conclusively upon it. Sir Robert Walpole made some Proposals to the late Duke, but afterwards dropt them. Mr. Pelham once seemed very desirous to bring the Sale to a Conclusion; and the Duke of Athol gave him a true and precise State of the Nature and Revenue of this Principality, that he might be able to judge what Proposal to make; and he assured the Duke, that no Proposal should come from him which he would not adjudge, if it was left to him to settle as an Arbitrator: However the Affair, after being some Months in Agitation, was again dropt. It was resumed by the Duke of Newcastle, when he was First Lord of the Treasury; and the Duke of Athol treated with the same Confidence, being averse to sell, but always ready to submit to the King's Pleasure in any Matter which he thought for the Public Good; and having a full Reliance in the Duke of Newcastle's Honour and Justice, that as his Brother had said, so his Grace would propose no Terms which he would not award as an Arbitrator: After the Duke of Newcastle was informed, the Matter was likewise in the same Manner laid aside.

The Reason why neither Sir Robert Walpole, Mr. Pelham, nos the Duke of Newcarried it further,

was thought to be, that upon thorough Examination the Object did not appear to them of such Consequence, as it did at first; for, supposing it was in the Possession of the Government, the Proximity must still be the same; between Thirty and Forty thousand Inhabitats must still have a Right to their Constitution, Laws, Administration of Justice, and interior Trade and Commerce; and it would be in the Case of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, and Alderney, where Imports and Exports are governed By their own Laws, as much as if they were under Feudatory Lords; and from these Islands they found that Smuggling was carried to a much greater Excess than from the Isle of Man (and I am credibly informed that is still the Case) I have heard that they have often thought in Ireland of raising a large Sum. to offer towards the Consideration, and upon fuller Consideration dropt it.

As I have been but a few Months in Possession of the Isle of Man, and never in the least turned my Thoughts towards a Sale of it, it is impossible for me, uninformed as I am at present, to fix upon what I should think an adequate Price for a Possession so very considerable both for Honour and Profit; and as I never heard of any Notion to purchase a Part only, I don’t at all understand what it is. I can therefore at present have no Proposal to make, but will always be ready to receive, with Respect, any Proposal which shall come to me from your Lordships,

I am,

My Lords,

Your Lordships most obedient and most humble Servant,

Athol.

Copy of a Letter, dated 12th of September 1764* from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Duke of Athol, in relation to the Purchase of the Isle of Man.

My Lord,

We have received your Grace’s Letter of the 20th of August, in Answer to that we wrote to you on the 25th of July, in which we informed your Grace, that in pursuance of the Powers vested in us by 12th George i"; we were willing to treat with you for the Purchase of the Isle of Man, and to receive from you a Proposal for that Purpose. Your Grace acquaints us, that, uninformed as you are at present, from the short Possession you have had of this Island, it is impossible for you to fix upon what you should think an adequate Price for it; that you cannot therefore at present make any Proposal, but that you shall always be ready to receive such as shall come to you from us.

Your Grace must be sensible, that this Objection, which you alledge against making a Proposal on your Part must operate much more strongly to prevent our making any to you; and that we, who have not even an Opportunity of informing ourselves of the Value of this Possession, cannot possibly fix upon a Price, which, as Trustees to the Public* we should think ourselves authorized to propose; but as your Grace informs us, that when the Purchase of this Island was on former Occasions under Consideration, the late Duke of Athol gave to Mr. Pelham, and the Duke of N,a true and precise State of the Nature of this Possession, and of the Revenue arising firom it, we think it proper to desire, that, if your Grace now intends to treat with us, you would in like Manner transmit to us an exact and accurate Rental of the said Revenue,

specifying

30 Geo. III.

.16° Martii.

281

specifying the several Kinds of which it consists, the Annual Amount of each, and, with respect to any Customs or Impost Duties which you may receive, the several Species of Goods on which they are levied, the Rates at which they are paid, and the Annual Amount of the Duties arising from each Species respectively. We must know the Nature as well as Value of every Branch of the Revenue of this Island before we can form any Judgment of the Price which ought to be paid for it, or can determine what Part of your Grace’s Possessions in this Island it will be necessary or expedient to purchase, in order to obtain the Benefit for which such Purchase is intended; and this is what we meant by the Proposal we made in our former Letter, of purchasing only a Part of your Grace’s Property and Rights in the said Island.

As it is highly probable that Parliament will expect to be informed in the ensuing Session what Measures have been taken for carrying their Intentions into Execution, and what has passed upon the Subject, we are the more desirous to obtain from your Grace the Information above-mentioned in the most full and accurate Manner, that the Parliament may thereby be enabled to judge what Terms it may be proper to allow; they will then take under their Consideration the Objections mentioned by your Grace, arising from the Proximity of that Island, and from its present Constitution, Laws, and Administration of Justice, as well as its interior Trade and Commerce; and as they have frequently made Laws respecting this Island, they will enact such other Laws, and make such further Provisions for preventing the illicit Trade carried on by Means thereof, as in their Wisdom and Justice they shall think proper.

We are,

My Lord,

Your Grace’s

most humble Servants,

George Grenville. John Turner.

Hunter.

North.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

12th Seps 1764.

Duke of Athol.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke and Dutchess of Athol, to the Commissioners of the Treasury; dated February the 27th, 1765.

London, February 27th, 1765.

My Lords,

We have already communicated to your Lordships, and by our Petition humbly laid before Parliament, our Desire to accommodate the Public, at the Expence of our private Feelings, with any Part of our Hereditary Rights in the Isle of Man, which it may be expedient to vest in the Crown for the Public Service. Your Lordships, by your Letter of the 25th of July 1764, invited us to make Proposals, and by your Letter of the 12th September following, desired us to produce such an Account of the Nature and Amount of our Revenues, as might enable you to determine what Part of our Rights and Possessions it would be expedient to purchase, and to form a Judgment of the Price which ought to be paid for them.

This has led us into a particular Consideration of Duke of these Objects; and we are now enabled to make Proposals, and to afford your Lordships the Information you desired. The inclosed Account will shew your Lordships the Nature of our Revenues arising from our Rights and Possessions in the Isle of Man, and the Amount of them. We are ready, if it should be deemed necessary for the Public Service, to part with all our Rights, held under the several Grants of the Isle of Man; but we apprehend that the Reservation of our Landed Revenue, together with the Patronage of the Bishoprick, and other Ecclesiastical Benefices in the Island, cannot interfere with the Interest of the Public: And we presume your Lordships will not have any Objection to our preserving the honourable Distinction and Service which our Ancestors have so long enjoyed, and by which they held their Rights in this Island, of presenting the Two Falcons at the Coronation.

The Legislature have formerly authorized Us to hope, and your Lordships have called upon us to propose a proper Compensation: We feel the Weight of this additional Difficulty, which may expose us to the Imputation of making an unreasonable Demand on the one Hand, and of not doing sufficient Justice to our Family on the other; but the Circumstances of the Case make it necessary, and therefore, without entering into any Discussion of the various Articles of which our Rights consist, we hope neither His Majesty nor the Parliament will think the clear Sum of 70,000l. too great a Price to be paid us in full Compensation for the absolute Surrender of the Isle, Castle, and Peele of Man, and all Rights, Jurisdictions, and Interests in or over the said Island, and all its Dependencies, holden under the several Grants thereof, or under any other Title whatsoever, reserving only our Landed Property, with all our Rights in and over the Soil, as Lords of the Manor, with all Courts Baron, Rents, Services, and other Incidents to such Courts belonging, our Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, Inland Waters, Fisheries, and Mills, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, according to our present Rights therein, Felons Goods, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, and Wrecks at. Sea; together with the Patronage of the Bishoprick, and of the other Ecclesiastical Benefices in the said Island, to which we are now entitled, to be holden of the Crown by the honourable Service above-mentioned.

But we presume to hope that our particular Situation arising from Rent Charges and Annuities upon our other Estates, in consequence of Settlements made by the late Duke of Athol, from a Prospect that the Revenues of the Isle of Man would continue to us, will, through your Lordships favourable Mediation, recommend us to His Majesty for such Mark of His Royal Munificenae, as from the Consideration of the Case shall appear to His Majesty to be reasonable.

We are,

Your Lordships

Most obedient Servants,

Athol.

C. Athol & Strange.

Vol. 45.

4 C

As

l)bke of Atholl's Petition.

J6D Marin.

A. 1790.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of His Majesty’s Revenue, arising from the Customs of the Isle Man, from the Re-vestment, in 1765, to the 10th of October 1789; viz?.

1

Y E A R s. TOTAL.

I £ So d.

1765 - - - - I85 — 2 i

1766 - - - 569 l6 3i

1767 - - - 703 >7 4

1768 - - - m - - 530 6 -

17% - - m - - >,372 18 - -i

1770 - - - 1,486 5 2*

1771 - - - - 2,136 3

1772 - - 2,798 1 9*

>773 - - - T - - 2,807 >9 8 i

>774 m - - - 3,977 6 71

>775 - - - 3, >77 — 6 I

- - - - - 799 6 7

1777 - - - 3,044 >5 8*

*77» - - - - m J - 3,985 >5 91

>779 - - - 3»>39 >9 9 i

1780 - - - - 3,214 16 7 k

1781 - - - >,5>8 8 Si

1782 - - - 3,720 18 9*

>783 - - - - 4,043 6 4*

1784 - - - 5,194 19 - -4

>78.5 - - - 4,110 12 5 1

1786 - m - - 4,794 9 > i

1787 - - A - - 4,093 10 3 4

1788 - - - - m - 5,373 >3 6

ly Day, Midsummer, and! Michaelmas Quarters - -J 1789 - - - - 4,365 >5 -

£. 70,145 3 1 4

Errors excepted.

Geo. Watts,

Recr Gen*.

An ABSTRACT ACCOUNT of the Fund for repairing and supporting the several Harbours of the

Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1771 to tire 5th of July 1789.

Years.

From 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5U1 July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July to 5th July

770

772/

773

774 773

776

777

778

779

780

781

782

783

784 78.3 7S0 787

785

789

Net Amount Harbour Duties on Shipping and Goods.

Net Produce of Herring and Bay Fisheries.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

94 6 9 94 16 94 289 3 64

222 >4 4 4 96 >3 8 319 8 — 4

218 3 10 104 >9 6 323 3 4

186 5 5 4 10S 5 1 294 10 64

>94 1 > 2 140 5 94 334 6 11

>99 11 84 121 8 7 4 321 — 4 i

204 i 3i 123 >4 6 327 >5 94

242 >5 — i I >53 >5 34 396 10 4

271 4 3 4 166 9 > I 437 >3 54

292 16 — i 162 3 5 454 >9 5 4

268 7 104 >53 4 94 421 12 84

254 18 6 4 136 5 7 39> 4 1 4

305 >7 1 a' >>9 14 104 425 11 10*

347 >7 94 >33 12 1 481 9 10 4

409 7 9 4 107 >5 1 5>7 2 104

302 5 94 >29 >3 5 431 >9 24

324 5 1 103 4 > 4 427 9 2 i

307 4 >4 122 10 7 429 >4 84

Total - - - £. 7,024 16 5

A

total.

Errors excepted

Geo. Watts, Rec'yGen'.

An*7°Jacobi

N*a8.

An Acte for the assuring^ and establishinge of the Isle of Mamie.

In all bumblenes beseeche your Most Excellent Ma''", yo' loyall and faithfull Subjects, William Earle of Derbie, the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, James Lord

Stanley, Sonne and Heire Apparent of the said Earle, and Robert Stanley, Second Sonne of the said Earle:

That whereas the said Earle and his Anncesto" have, for many Ages past, ever since the Seaventh Yere of die Raigne of King Henry the Fowerth, held and en-ioyed the Isle, Castle, Peele, and Lordshipp of w,h all their Rights, Members, and Apptennes, as their owne proper Inheritance, and bene reputed and taken to be the true and vndoubted Lords and Owners of the same: And forasmuch as the said Isle and Lordship of Mann hath long continued in the Name and Bloud of the said Earle, and to the End the same may continewe still, by yo' Highnes Princely Favor and gracious Allowance, in his Name and Bloud, so longe as it shall please Almightie God, Maie it please yor Ma"*, that it may be Enacted by yor Highnes, wlh thassent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comdns in this p'sent Parham’ assembled, and by the Authority of the same, And be it Enacted, Or-dayned, and Established, by yo' Highnes, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Cornons in this p'sent Parham’ assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That yo’ said Subjects William Earle of Derbie, and the said Lady Elizabeth his Wife, for and during their Lyves, and the longer Liver of them, and after their Deathes the said Janies Lord , and the

Heires Males of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and after his Death, w’hout such Issue the saide Robert Stanley, and the Heires Males of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and after his Death, w’hout such Issue, the Heires Males of the Body of the said William Earle of Derbie, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, the right Heires of the said James Lord Stanley shall and may, for ever hereafter, Ijave, hould, and quietly enioye, freely and cleerly, against your Ma,le, yo' Heires and Successo" (for, under, and upon the Tenures, Rents, and Services hereafter menconed to be reserved) against Thomas Lord Ellesmere, Lord Channcello’ of England, the Lady Alice Countesse of Derbie, his Wife, late the Wife of Ftsrdinando late Earle of Derbie, deceased, and against Henry Earle of Huntingdon, and the Lady Elizabeth Countesse of Huntingdon his Wife, Grey Lord Chandoys, and the Lady Anne his Wife, Sir John Egerton, Knight, Sonne, and Heire Male Apparent of the said Thomas Lord Ellesmere, and the Lady Frances his Wife, and the Heires of the said Elizabeth, Anne, and Frances, wch said Ladies Elizabeth, Anne, and Frances are the only Daughters and sole Heires of the said Ferdinflndo late Earle of Derbie, deceased, to w*k said Daughters and their Husbands the said William Earle of Derbie hath paid dyvers Somes of Mony for their Clayme, Right, and Title to the said Isle, Castle, Peele, apd Lordship of Mam, as appeareth by their Deed thereof made, and now shewed forth in yo' Highnes Highe Court of Parliam’, bearing Date the fowertenth Day of February, in the Yeres of the Raigne of yo' Ma'", that is to saie, of England, Frannce, and Ireland, the Sixt, and of Scotland the Two and Fortith, wherein and whereby they have agreed to geue their Consents for the passing of an Act of ^liament, for the giving and extinguishing of such Right, Title, and Interest as tlieie pretend to the said Isle of Mann, and against the Heires of the said Ferdinando late Earle of Derbie, and against Thomas Ireland, Esquier, his Executo'*, Ad-mistrato", and Assignes, all the said Isle, Castle, Peele, and Lordship of Mann, wu the Rights, Members, and App'tennes, and all die now or late Mo-Vol. 45.

nastery and Priory of Rushinge f\nd Douglas, and the Duke of Fryers Myno", commonly called The Grey Fryers of Athol’s Brimdkyn, ats Bymakyn, and of eury of them, wA PetUl0u' their Rights, Members, and Appurtennes, in or w'hin the said Isle of Mann, and the Howses, Scytes, Circuits, and Precincts, now or somtymes to the said Monastery and Priory of Rushinge and Douglas, and Fryers Myno'*, euery or any of them, w'h all their App'tennes, in or w’hin the said Isle of Marine belonging, and somtymes being <^cell of the Possessions thereof, and all those Rectories and Churches of Kirkecliriste in Shelding and Kirkelovan, w’h their App'tennes whtiTso-euer, in the said Isle of Manne, some tyme to the said Monastery of Rushinge belonging and apperteyning, and Jp'cell of the Possessions thereof, somtymes beingi and all Islands, Lordships, Peeles, Castles, Monasteries, Abathies, Pryoryes, Nunneries, Manno", Farmes, Messuags, Lands, Tenem", and Hereditaments what-soeur, to the said Isle of Manne belonging, or in or w'hin the same, scituate, lying, and being, w'h all and singuler their Rights, Members, and App'tennes, and the Patronage of the Busshopprick of the said Isle of Manne, and of the Bushopprick of Sodorences, and of the Bushopprickes of Sodorences and Manne, and also the Temporalities of the Bushopprick of the said Isle of Man, and of the Bushopprick of Sodorences, and of the Bushoppricks of Sodorences and Man, so often as the said Bushopprickes shall happen to become voyd; and also the Archedeconryes, Rectoryes, Advowsons, Donacons, and Rights of Patronage, of all and singuler the Hospitalls, Churches, Viccaridges, Chappels, and all other Ecclesia^ticall Benefices,

Tithes, aswell great as small, of what kinde soever, Oblacons, Qbvencons, Fruits, Promts, Pencons, Porcons, Emoluments, & Hereditam'*, w'" all and singuler their App'tennes, of, in, or'w‘hinthe said Isle,

Castle, Peele, and Lordshipp of Mann, and ^misses, or any of them, and all and singuler Forrestes, Parkes,

Chases, Lawnds, Warrens, Asserts, Purp'Stures, Fishings, Fishing Places, Royalties, Regalities, Franche-sies, Liberties, Seaports, and all Things to Ports duly apperteyning. Lands now or heretofore overflowen w"* the Water of the Sea, wch are now gayned from the Sea, and reduced to drye Ground, Lands w‘h the Sea now overflowed}, w‘h hereafter shalbe gayned, and brought to drye Ground, lyinge or being in pr neere to the said Isle of Mann, Villages, Townes, Granges, Mills, Rents, Services, Rents of Assize,

Rents and Services, aswell of Free as Custumary Tennts, Workes of Tenrits, Deodands, Fyne?, Amercem", Ancorage, Groundage, Wrecks of the Sea,

Knights Fees, Eschaets, Forfeitures, Goods and Chat-tells, waved Goods and Chattells, aswell of Fellorts of themselues as of other Fellons, Fugitives, Out-lawes attainted, condemned, and put in Exigent,

Courts Admirall, Courts Portmote, Courts Leets,

View of Frankplege, and all Forfeitures, Penalties,

Fees, Proffitts, Casualties, and Advantages whatsoeuer, incident, happening, or belonging to the said Courts,

Myn.es of Lead and Iron, Quarries, Faires, Marketts,

Toles, Customes, Free Customes, Imposts, Profitts, Emoluments, and Hereditam" whatsoeur, aswell Spirituall as Temporall, of whatsoeuer Kynde, Nature, or Qualitie, or by whatsoeuer Name or Names theie are knowne, esteemed, called, or named, scit-tuate, lying, or being, comyng, growing, renewing, or happning of, ip, or w'hin the foresaid Isle, Castle,

Peele, and Lordship of Manne, or w’hin the Sea to the said Isle pdiacent or belonging, or in or w‘hin any other Islands, Lordshippes, Manno", Castles, Peeles, Farmes, or Lands to the said Isle of Manne belonging and appteyping, or in, to, or out of the same, or any of them whatsoeuer or howsoever, incident or belonging, or as Members, <^tes, or ^cells of the same, or of any of them, or of any jp't or <^’cell of them, at any Tyme heretofore had, knowne, accepted, occupied.

Duke of

Athol’s

Petition.

284 166 Martii. A. 1790,

vsed, enioyed, or demised, letten or reputed, and Interest, and Terme of Yeres of Sir Thomas Leighe, the Revercon and Revercons, Remaynder, and Re- Knight, and Thomas Spencer, Esquier, their Exeeuto", maynders, of all and singuler the ^misses, and of Admistrato", and Assignes, of the Messuags, Lands, euery or any <^te thereof, and the Rentes, Duties, Tenetn", Tithes, Profitts, Hereditaments, and other Customes, and Services ttierevnto incident, due, or Things in the said Isle of Mamie made, demised; and apperteyning, and all Lioerties, Franchises, Privi- grannted by yor Ma"‘, under your Highnes Lr?s Pat-ledges, Jurisdiccons, Forfeitures, Depredaries, Immu- tents, bearing Date the Seavententh Day of Marche, nities, Exoneracons, Acquittalls, and Hereditaments in the Yeres of your Highnes Raigne of *

whatsoever, graunted or mencioned to be graunted by and Ireland the Third, and of Scotland the

yor most Excellent Ma,u, by yor Highnes seuerall Nyne and Thirtith, for the Terme of Fortie Yeres: And L.rSs Patents, the one bearing Date the Seaventh Day that the said Sir Thomas Leighe and Thomas Spencer, of July in the Yeres of yo' Highnes Raigne of England, their Exeeuto"’, Admistrato", and Assignes, and euery Frannce, and Ireland, the Seaventh, and of Scotland of them, shall and may from henceforth peaceably the Two and Fortith, made to the said William and quietly, during the said Terme of Forty Yeres, Earle of Derbic, and the said Lady Elizabeth his Wife, have, hould, occupie, and enioye the said Messuages, for and during their Lyves, and the longer Lyver of Lands, Tents, Tithes, Profitts, Hereditam'5, and other them, and after their Deathes to the said James Lord Things in the said last mencioned LrSs Patents de-

Stanley, and his Heires; thother bearing Date the Second Day of Maye, in the Yeres of your Highnes Raigne of England, Frannce, and Ireland, the Eighth, and of Scotland the Three and Fortith, made to the said William Earle of Herbie, and the saide Lady Elizabeth his Wife, and the Heires of the said William Earle of Derbic, To hould the said Isle, Castle, Peele, and Lordshipp of Manne, and all and singuler the Premisses of yo' Highnes, yor Heires, and Successo" respectively, and under the seuerall Tenures, Rents, and Services, in and by the said seuerall Ires Patents severally and respectively reserved, w*h said last-men-cioned LrSs Pattents were made and grannted duringe this p'sent Session of Parliament. And be it further Enacted by your Highnes, the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and the Comons in this p'sent ^liam' assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That neither the said James Lord Stanley, nor any the Heires Males of His Cody, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, nor the said Robert Stanley, nor any the Heires Males of his Body, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, nor any the Heires Males of the Body of the said William Earle of Derbie, lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, shall haue any Power, Authoritie, or Libertie, to giue, grannt, alien, bargaine, sell, convey, assure, or doe away the said Isle, Castle, Peele, and Lordship of Mamie, Messuages, Lands, Tents, Tithes, Hereditam", and other the Premisses in this Act mencioned to be enioyed as aforesaid, or any Part or jp'cell thereof, from his or their Issue or Issues, or other Persons by this Act appoynted to enjoy the same, but that the same shall remayne and contmewe to the said James Lord Stanley, and the Heires Males of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the said Robert Stanley, and to the Heires Males of his Body, lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the Heires Males of the Body of the said William Earle of Derbie, lawfullye begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the right Heires of the said James Lord Stanley, as before by this Act is appointed: And that all Gifts, Grannts, Alienacons, Bargaynes, Sales, Conveyances, Assurances, and Acts don, or to be done or made to the contrary, shalbe vtterly void, frustrate, and of none Effect: Savinge neverthelesse, that it shall and may be lawfull for them and euery of them to make such Estates of such severall Partes thereof as by the Lawes and Customes of the said Isle is vsuall, and to make such Leases and Demises of such Parts and {p'cells thereof as Tcnante in Taile by the Statute made in the Two and Thirtith Yere of the Raigne of King Henry the Eight, may lawfully doe w"in this yo' Highnes Realme of England. And be it also further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein conteyned, shall in any wise extepde, or be construed to avoide, frustrate, abridge, impaire, deminishe, or p'iudice the State, 07

mised. for, under, and upon such Yerely Rents, Re-servacons, Covennts, Provisoes, and Agreements as are mencioned & expressed in the said Ires Pattents against yor Ma,ie, your Heires and Successo", and all and euery other ijp’son and <^sons, and their Heires, having or clayminge any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest vnto the said demised ^misses, by force and virtue of this Act: Savinge to the Archbushopp of Yorke, and his Successo", all Metropoliticall Jurisdiction in all Points, and to all Purposes and Effects, of the Busshopprickes and Diocesse of Manne, in the said Isle of Mamie, as is geven, vnited, lymitted, and appoynted to the Province and Archbushoppricke of Yorke, accordinge to an Act of Parliam' made and provided in the Three and Thirtith Yere of the Raigne of King Henry the Eighte, late King of England: Savinge also to all and singuler <^son and ^psons. Bodies Pollitique and Corporate, their Heires and Successo", and the Heires and Successo", of every of them, and the Exeeuto", Admistrato", and Assignes of euery of them (other than yo' Highnes, your Heires and Successo", and the said Thomas Lord Ellesmere and the said Lady Alice Countesse of Derbie his Wife, and the said Henry Earle of Huntingdon and the said Elizabeth Countesse his Wife, Gray Lord Chandoys and the said Lady Anne his Wife, the said S' John Egerton and the Lady Frannces his Wife, and the Heires of the said Elizabeth, Anne, and Frannces, and the Heires of the said Ferdinando late Earle of Derbie, and the said Thomas Ireland, Esquier, his Exeeuto", Administrato", and Assignes (the Tenures, Rents, and Services reserved to yo' Ma,ie, yo' Heires and Successo", alwaies reserved) all such and every and the same Estate and Estates, Lease and Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Rents, Services, Tenures, Jurisdiccons, Priviledges, Liberties, Possessions, Revercons, Remaynders, Anur-ties, Pencons, Profitts, Comodities, Accons, Entries, Condicons, Claymes, and Dcmanndes wch theie or any of them now lawfully haue, or hereafter shall or may lawfully haue or clayme, of, into, out of, or for the said Isle, Castle, Peele, and Lordshipp of Manne, Manno", Messuags, Lands, Tenem", and ^misses, or of, into, out of, or for any of them, in such and the same Manner and Forme, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes as if this p'sent Act had never bene had or made, this Act or any Thing herein conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and yo' said Subjects, according to their most bounden Duties, shall and will daily pray for your Highnes longe, happie, and prosperous Raigne over vs.

George Rose,

Cler. Parliamentor.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wifi, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Sir

Forth and Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, Clyde Nati- according to, Order, a Bill for forming a Junction presented between the Forth , and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland. Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several former Acts passed. for making and maintaining the said Navigations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tjf The Order of the Day being read, for the House sioners Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Tand Tax;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sarntfell’s An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Samwell JVatson Samwell, Esquire (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) 585 and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use

the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell, Baronet, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Samwell, Esquire *(lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his Heirs Male, to take the*Surname, 'and use the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will’of Sir Thomas Baronet, deceased. ' .

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report of The Master of the Rolls) according to Order, reallowance to ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Mr. Speaker. wh0m it was referred to consider of an Allowance to be made to the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, more adequate to the Dignity of the said Office, ana to the Expence necessarily attending the same, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place.; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, more effectually to support the Dignity of the said Office, and the Expence necessarily attending the same, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury be authorized to direct from Time to Time, a Sum to be issued at the Exchequer, which, together with the Fees, and Allowances of 5 I. a Day now payable on Account of the said Office, may amount to the clear Yearly Sum of 6,000l.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Secretary Grenville, and Mr. Marsham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who. are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding or enjoying any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

Money’s Estate Bill committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates devised Vo L. 45.

by the Will of James Money, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates to be sold now stand limited to, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Petition and principal Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, was relating to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That Application has been made to the House, for Road* Leave to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and Bill, improving the Turnpike Road leading from the TotVn of Birmingham, in Warwickshire, to in

Worcestershire; and that the said Road is, in several Parts thereof, extremely hilly and narrow, and to be widened, and rendered more easy and convenient for Carriages, is become indispensably necessary, and the more especially as several Accidents have happened, and many Persons have been maimed and killed by Carriages being overturned: And therefore praying the House to grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall s;em meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right honour- Tamer Ferry able George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Bill com-Pole Cgrew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a committed-mon Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel,in the County of Devon, and Torpoint,

in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for effectually carrying into Execution Two Dudley Canal Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His Bill com. present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable mlWe Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping Dudley Road in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill, near Dudley, to the Bill com-New Inn, in the Parish of Pattingham, and from the mittod. Turnpike Road at or near Shut End, in the Parish of Kingswinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester,

Salop, and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Aftemodn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Dormstoue Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish Inclosure Bill of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester, was read a committed. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

4 D Mr.

286 16° Mart'ii. A. 1790.

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Edinburgh A Petition of certain Persons in the City of

agatngTthe burgh thereunto subscribing, Manufacturers of, and

Tobacco Act. Dealers in Snuff and Tobacco, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have no Reason to dispute that the Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting

new Duties in lieu thereof, like all others, was wisely intended for beneficial Purposes, but, if those Purposes come short of their original Intention, there must be an Error in the System, which ought to be rectified, and there can be none so materially interested in that Rectification as those who immediately feel the Hardships of the Statute; and that although the Petitioners wish at all Times not only to contribute towards the Exigencies of the State, but chearfully to comply with every Law made in that Behalf, yet the one already mentioned, and of which they now complain, is dark, inexplicable, and totally subversive of the Ends for which it was enacted, and while the Petitioners are endeavouring to obtain a Knowledge of the Law for the Regulation of their Conduct, and which after unremitted Application they have not been able to acquire, they are at all Times exposed to severe Penalties, which the utmost Circumspection upon their Part cannot avoid; and that, besides those Statutory Hardships, and probably ultimate Ruin, to which the fair Manufacturers and Dealers are exposed, they are otherwise oppressed, owing to a large Quantity of manufactured Snuff and Tobacco being already smuggled into the Country, which, so far from meeting with any proper Check, is every Day increasing to a pernicious Height, and by which the Interests of many honest and industrious Families will be totally destroyed: Such Circumstances are not Matter of private Complaint, they have been universally felt and universally reprobated, insomuch that an Application is to be made for a Repeal of the Act in Question, so far as it imposes an Excise Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff, at least for a Reduction of the Duties to a certain Amount, which Application merits the Approbation of the Petitioners, and meets with their hearty Concurrence, but, situated as they are, they can do nothing more to promote the End, than request that the House will use their best Endeavours to procure such new Enactment as may be judged beneficial for the State, and less oppressive to the Subjects: That previous to the American War, the Duty upon each Pound of Tobacco was about Five Pence, and it must be admitted, that, at that Period, none was smuggled into the Country: How soon the Duty was increased under the Customs, smuggling of Leaf Tobacco became common, and now when the Legislature, in order to remedy that Abuse, has put the Duties under the Management of Excise, the Smuggling Adventurer is, with equal Success, bringing in manufactured Tobacco and Snuff; and the Petitioners submit that a Reduction of the Duties to Nine Pence per Pound would go far to defeat those pernicious Practices, for the Object of Gain, which influences the illicit Trader, being thereby made disproportionate to his Risque, few or none would embark in such Adventures, and by this too the Duties would be rendered more effectual and permanent, and fair Traders put on a Footing to combat the sinister Practices of the Defrauders of the Revenue; and it is a Fact, that when the Duties were increased above the original Standard of about Five , Pence per Pound, Two-thirds of the Tobacco consumed in this Country was smuggled: If the Petitioners are right in this Proposition, and which they could undertake to prove, it follows as a necessary Consequence, that Government profited as much from the original Duties when no Tobacco was smuggled, as under the higher Duties which give Encouragement to Smuggling, and there can be little Doubt that, were they reduced to the Medium pointed at by the Petitioners, it would produce a certain Saving of Four Pence per Pound: These are the Sentiments of, and the only Observations which the Petitioners will make upon, the Subject, being fully convinced that, when the Law is recognized, it will be found to stand truly in Need of Alteration and Amendment: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as may be thought proper or expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and New CJfc$p-enlarging the Powers, of an Act made in the Tenth P*JJ Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, 1 passe and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of,

up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, altering, and amending the Powers', of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost in

the said County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners of Ships, and Petition from others concerned in Maritime Commerce, residing in Plymouth re-the Town of Plymouth, was presented to th6 House, ®Pec‘intS !he and read; Setting forth. That, by several Acts for the of°Ships. '°n Suppression of Smuggling, not only the Vessels and Goods of the fraudulent Trader, but those of the fair and honest Merchant, are liable to Seizure and Confiscation, and, if those Acts make any Distinction between them, the Petitioners beg Leave to suggest, such Distinction appears to be in Favour of the Smuggler. The Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, which seems to apply principally to Vessels hovering on the Coast, and as such indisputably Smugglers, and Objects of exemplary Punishment, has a Clause, enabling the Owner or Master, as well as those of the fair and open Trader, by giving Evidence of the Smallness of the Quantity of Goods found on Board, and other extenuating Circumstances, to assert his Innocence, and preserve his Vessel from Forfeiture; whilst the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further securing the Property of the Owners in such " Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for iraporting Spirits, or other Goods, by the Misconduct " of the Master, Mate, and Seamen," and which admits the Hardship that Ship Owners labour under, and the Reasonableness of their being secured in their Property, does nothing more than give to the innocent Owners Penalties from the guilty Seamen, which the Owners find impossible to recover, from the Hazard and Difficulty a Prosecution of that Sort would involve them in; and the 59th Section of the

Act

Bill te prevent Delay iu Electious presented.

Voices to Committee on Marlborough Roads Bill.

CheadleRo&4 Bill committed.

30 Geo. III. 16° Martii. 287

Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty enacts, " That every Ship, importing any Foreign " Spirituous Liquors, British Plantation Rum and " Arrack excepted, in any Cask containing less than " One hundred Gallons, except Two Gallons for each " Seaman, with all her Stores and Furniture, be the " Burthen or Value thereof what they may, shall be " forfeited, without any Limitation or Qualification "whatsoeverand that, in consequence of those Acts, the Ship Hope, belonging to the Port of Plymouth, was seized in the River Thames, condemned and sold, owing to a fraudulent Act of the Master, in his Voyage from Hamburgh to London, with which the Owners were actually unacquainted, as appeared to the entire Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, and to the Judge who tried the Cause, by which the Owners, Men of large Families, were nearly ruined, their Loss amounting to 3,000 /., and upwards; and a large Swedish Ship called The Aurora, was also seized in the said Port, for a trifling Act of Smuggling of the Master, and the Owner in Sweden, by the Loss of his Ship and the heavy Expences attending his Endeavours to recover the same, was reduced to Poverty; and that, although Ships are not always prosecuted to Condemnation, yet the Owner is liable, from the Tenor of those Acts, to great Injury, by Delays and Expences in compounding with the Seizing Officer, &c. without having it in his Power to obtain Satisfaction from the Aggressors, Seamen in general being Men of no Property, and the Petitioners believe, that the Dread of falling under the Penalties inflicted by the aforesaid Acts hath prevented many Men of Fortune from being concerned in Shipping: And therefore praying the House to take the late Acts made for the Suppression of Smuggling into further Consideration, and fix the Punishment on the Persons actually guilty of the Fraud, in such Manner as to the House shall appear best.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cawtkome presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Prevention of Delay irl Elections of Members to serve iu Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton to the Top of Cherril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Capenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of Th6 Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Deoizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward, is committed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from Vol. 45.

thence to Butterton Moore End, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, the Earl Gower, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park ton Chelsea Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads, and Fulham’ within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Roads Bill Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea, and revived-Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the same, and for several other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bounties to ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, slave Ships in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships to be con-employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast sldered-of Africa.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Accounts of Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- ties on Im"* suant to their Orders, ports into

" A Paper intituled, " A Return to the Order of the England from " Honourable House of Comjnons, dated 1st March " 1790, so far as the same can be made out at the indialslands " Excise Office, being an Account of the Amount presented.

" of Excise Duties on the Imports into England from’

" Africa, in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing " each." And aliso,

A Paper intituled, " A Return to the Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 1st March " 1790, so far as the same can be made out at the " Excise Office, being an Account of the Amount of " Excise Duties on the Imports into England from " the British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 " and 1789, distinguishing each."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk, Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, Mercers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the „ °"£tedL Bar, presented to the House, P '

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1788 to " the 10th of October 1789, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, One of " the Tw'enty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London; and the other of the Fourth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty King George " the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of " the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City " of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition

16° Martii. A. 1790.

Petition from \ Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Estate* of thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of against the Lands or Estates through or near which a Canal Na-liirmingham vigation is intended to be made from or near the

ttrCanomlu *^own Birmingham, to communicate with the River *r an , Severn,at or near Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said intended Canal, if made, will totally destroy a large Quantity of valuable Land, and otherwise materially injure the Estates and Property through or near which the same will pass; and that a Canal Navigation from the Town of Birmingham, into the River Secern, hath been already made at a great Expence, and another is now also making to the said River, and nearly completed, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals, which will be fully sufficient to answer every necessary and useful Purpose of Water Conveyance from the Town of Birmingham into such River; and that the Petitioners conceive the said intended Canal is calculated to answer the private Views of the Schemers thereof, without a Probability of affording to the Public any Advantage adequate to the great Injury which the Petitioners, and others, will unavoidably sustain thereby; and the Petitioners, sensible of the great Injury they must sustain in their Estates and Property, if the Scheme of making such intended Canal should be carried into Execution, do hereby declare their total Dissent thereto: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making such intended Canal may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

IteportWays Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the abd Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Expiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Regin

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak " Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a " certain Rate, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act was by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the further Term of Five Years,* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, by another Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Second and Third of the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the Hodse, whidh of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Neumham, according to Order, re- Bishop’s ported from tffe Committee, to whom the Petition of Stortford and several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Bramdou several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and others, Inha- pe*|^gn8 rt_ bitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex, Cambridge, ported.

Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves, and others; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Herts, Essex, Cambridge, Isle of Ely, Huntingdon, and Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves and others,' were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. John Rennie being examined, said, That a Navigation is already completed from the City of London to the Town of Bishop's Stortford, in the County of Herts — That by a Survey lately taken, it appears the same may be extended, by proceeding to a Place called Palmers Water, in the said County, and from thence to the Parish of Elsenham, and through the North Parts of the County of Essex to the Town of Saffron Walden, and from the last mentioned Place through the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, to join the Brandon River, whereby Communication will be opened to the County of Norfolk — That a Branch may be made from such extended Line in the Parishes of Great and Little Abingdon and Baber ham, to communicate with the Town of Cambridge, and another Branch may be made by a Cut to fall into the Burwell Lode, which is already Navigable to the Cambridge River, whereby a convenient Communication will be opened with the Isle of Ely, and the Counties of Huntingdon and Bedford.

The Reverend Abraham Jobson being examined, said, That he lives at March, In the Isle of Ply, which is the Centre of the Fens — That if such Navigation, with the Branches therefrom, are made, it will be productive of great Utility and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and to the Public in general, by rendering the Carriage of Corn, and all Kinds of Merchandize, which pass between the Metropolis and the before-mentioned Counties, and the several Towns and Places therein, cheaper and easier than at present. —

And being asked, Whether his Place of Residence is near the Course of the intended Canal ? he said, That March is situated upon the River Nene, which will communicate with the intended Navigation.

And being asked, How far it is from the intended Canal ? he said, About 20 Miles. — And being asked,

Whether he thought himself a Judge what Effect the Canal would have upon that Part of the Country between Cambridge and Bishop's Stortford? he said. It would have a very good Effect; but is in a great Measure a Stranger to that Part of the Country.

Mr.

16° Mar til

28 9

Mr. Charles Wedge being examined, said, That he lives at Gaze ley, in Suffol, and is a Farmer; and confirmed the Evidence of the former Witness, with respect to the Utility and Benefit of the proposed Navigation. — And being asked, What particular Part he spoke to? he said, To the Country about Newmarket. — And being asked, What Distance he lived from the Line of the intended Canal? he said, Four or Five Miles. — And being asked, What particular Utility he thought the intended Navigation would be of in the District of Country he spoke to? he said, It would much reduce the Price of Carriage.

Mr. Allen Taylor being examined, said. That he lives at Wimbish; is a Farmer and Maltmaker — That many Advantages may arise from the proposed Navi-

J;ation to the Country in the Neighbourhood of

ron Walden, but particularly in the Carriage of the Produce of that Part of the Country to the River Stort. — And being asked, What was the Price of the Carriage of Malt from Saffron Walden to Bishop's Stort-ford ? he said, One Shilling per Quarter. — And being asked, AVhat it would be by the Navigation? he answered, He could not say; but had no Doubt of its being cheaper, because he found, by Experience, he could convey Goods cheaper by WTater than by Land.

Mr. Atkinson Francis Gibson being examined, said. That Jie lives at Saffron , and is a Brewer and

Maltster; that he thinks the Navigation would be of great Benefit to the Country between Saffron Walden and the Stort Navigation, and to the Sphere of Country that Saffron Walden is supplied from; and he knows it has the general Concurrence of the People of Saffron Walden, and attended your Committee, by their Desire, to state that Opinion for them.

Mr. Edward Wyburd being examined, said That he is a Miller, and lives at Tottenham High Cross — That the Navigation will be very useful to the Country between Saffron Walden and the Stort, and to Roy-don A t ill,which joins the River Lea. — And being

asked, Whether the Metropolis would receive any Advantage? he said, Certainly; a great deal. — And being asked. How it would be benefited ? he said, He at present gave Three Shillings and Sixpence per Quarter for the Carriage of Wheat by Land from Saffron Walden to Roy den Mill, which is about 22Miles; and he supposed if the Canal was made, it would cost about One Shilling and Six Pence. — And being asked, If he knew what the Tolls were to be on the proposed Canal? he said, He should suppose they would not be above Four Pence per Quarter of Wheat. — And being asked, What is the Toll, per Quarter, from Bishop’s Stortford to Roydon Alill? he said, He supposed not One Penny Halfpenny.

Mr. John Rennie being again called in, and asked, Whether he had made an Estimate? said, He had. — And being asked, How much it amounted to? he said, 170,499/. 8s. 9 {d. — And being asked, How much

Money is subscribed? he replied, He could not say, but supposed 75 or 76,000/; but that the Account was annexed to the Petition.

Motion for And a Motion being made, add the Question being Stortford Na- Put> That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for mak-vigation Bill, ing and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Neg. the Town of Bishop’s Stortford, in the County of Hert-

ford, through the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Suffolk, to join and communicate with the Brandon River, in the County of Suffolk, and also a Navigable Cut from the said intended Canal to join the Burtcell Lode, in the said County of Suffolk;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman Newn-}

J h/rm I

Tellers for the Yeas,-| ham.

\ftU7Fly /

Mr. Robert Burton: \

Teller* for the Noe*,{ . }

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 45.

38.

101.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Sir William Chambers do lay before this House a Copy of that Estimate of the Public Expence of completing the Works at that Time unfinished at Somerset House, which accompanied and made a Part of the Plan presented by him to this House upon the 27th Day of May 1788.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Motion fof Estimate of Expence of completing the Works at Somerset House, withdrawn.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further on Petitions of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that a co c ' the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu " thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chau* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several other Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Address fof Copy of the Report of the Lords of Council respecting the Corn Laws.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, to His Majesty in Council, respecting the Laws for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Colneis and port which was made from the Committee, to whom ^l|j>r!1Po"r the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the 1 e erre ' Poor within the Hundreds of Coln and in the County of Suffolk, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday American Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Trade BiH whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now tlcfeired* in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- indemnity ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill deferred. House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and . to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admission hive been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

4 E Solicitors;

290 IT Martii. 1790.

Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercnrii, 17* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Pra ye its.

Dorchester.

Roads Bill A N ingrossed Bill to eplarge the Term and Powers passed. f\ of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petitions from Kxeter; and Cardiff; in favourof the Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of Exeter: And also,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Cardiff,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern near to the City of Worcester-, and praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Answer to The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Address. their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copy of the Report therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Britain in each Year, and the Amount of the Dudes of Customs and Excise: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which have entered, in the Years 1787 and 1788, in the several British West India Islands, from Africa, with the Number of Negroes which were imported on Board the same, in each Year, and also the Negroes imported from other Countries; together with the Number of Negroes which were exported, distinguishing each Island: And also,

An Account of die Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which cleared Outwards from Great Britain to the British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing each; together with the Total Value of Exports from Great Britain to the British West Indies, distinguishing the Amount of British, India, and Foreign Goods: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, which entered in the Ports of Great Britain from the British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing each; and the Value of Imports from the said Islands to Great Britain, with the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon, distinguishing each: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which have been employed in the Trade between the British Islands in The West Indies, and the British Colonies in North America, including foundland, in the Year 1788, specifying the Articles imported from the British Islands in The West Indies to the British Colonies in North America and Newfoundland, and the Quantity of Fish exported to the British West India Islands from Newfoundland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whale House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchintook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In- Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, preseuted. spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great to whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse for,

Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and for the better Relief and Employment of, the

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of

their Orders, Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for

Ships cleared An Account of the Number of Ships, with their the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish,

withTotalCa> Tonnage, which cleared out from Great Britain to was committed; That the Committee had examined

Exports. Africa, in 1788 and 1789, together with the Total the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

Exports to Africa in each of those Years; distinguish- true; and that the Committee had gone through the

ing the Ports which they sailed from, and the Value Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

of the British, India, ana Foreign Goods so exported: they had directed him to report to the House; and he

And also, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-

Ships entered An Account of the Number of Ships, with their vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

with Vxlue^f Tonnage, which entered in the Ports of Great B- Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. Imports. /«’» from Africa, in the Years 1788 and 1789, toge- And several of the Amendments, made by the ther with the Total Value of the Imports to Great Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a

Second

Ships entered in the West India Islands from Africa, with Number of Negroes imported and exported.

Ships cleared Outwards- to the West India Islands, with Value of Exports.

Ships entered from the West India Islands, and Value of Imports.

Shipsemploy-edbetweenthe West Indies and America, and of Fish exported to the West India Islandsfrom Newfoundland.

Committeeon Bounties to Masters and SurgeoDS of Slave Ships.

Streatham

Workhouse

Billreported

Second Time, were, upoa the Question severely put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Clatgov Po- Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to re' rteJ4*0" the Petition of J Campbell, Junior, Esquire,

repor ' Lord Provost, James MDowal, Esquire, James Gordon, Esquire, and James M’Jehose, Esquire, Bailies, and the other Members of the Common Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and as representing the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Corporation of Glasgow, some Years ago, purchased the Lands of Ramshorn, and others, lying

adjacent to the said City, and, the Inhabitants thereof having now greatly increased, it has become necessary to feu and fell those Lands, for the Purpose of being built upon, which renders it expedient that the Royalty of the said City, and the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation, should be extended over the said Lands — That it would also be of Benefit to the Inhabitants and Persons resorting to the said City, if certain new Streets and Avenues were opened, Footways and Pavements made, the Streets better lighted and cleansed, and the Police and Markets better regulated; and in order to carry these useful Purposes into Execution, it will be necessary to raise certain Funds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the said City; and, for giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow for the Benefit of the said City« Ana that Mr. M'Dowall, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Sir James Stewart Denham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Report to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

AthoH’sPeti- *° cons'^er of tite Report which was made from the tion. " Committee, to whom the Petition of the most Noble John Duke of Atholl, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. M'Dowall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. M'Dowall accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the E#ept and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle;of Mann.

And Mr. M'Dowall moved the House accordingly.

RiH ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given ,to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire info foe Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in /the Isle of Mam And. that Mr. M’Dowall, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Curwm, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, foe seme.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-

Account of posed, That there be lud before tins House, eu Ac-Vol. 45*

pount of all Sums received by foe Collector and other Sums re-Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, for foe last Seven Years, for any and what customs°in Duties or Customs for the Use of Government, and Newfound-what Salaries or Sums of Money they have received ljn<b for the from Government on Account of their respective Offices, or on any other and what Account, and what Fees, Perquisites, or other Sums of Money, they respectively received from any and what Individuals during this Period, and on what Account.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Accounts re-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- compaify sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

N* l. An Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the ist Day of March 1789, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the 1st Day of March 1789 to the 1st Day of March 1790; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791:

And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the 1st Day of March 1789 and the 1st Day of March 1790, with the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the 1st Day of March 1789 and the 1st Day of March 1790, and foe Amount of Customs,

Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout: And also,

N° 4. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood on the 1st Day of March 1790: And also,

N° 5. A Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from India,agreeable to the Orders of the 15th September 1785 and the 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1790; together with an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 6. An Account (according to the latest Advices) of all Bills drawn, accepted, or advised, from India, for the last Five Years; distinguishing, as far as can be collected from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof, and Rates of Exchange, together with the Purposes, or supposed Purposes, for which drawn, and the Periods at which they respectively become due:

And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st of March 1784, and of their Receipts and Payments from foe 1st of March 1784 to the 1st of March 179P, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 8. An Account of foe Value of India Goods rerpainiqg unsold in the India Company’s Ware-

houses on the 1st of March 1784, ana oh the 1st of March 17,85, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Value of India Goods remaining unspld in the East India Company’s Warehouses.OF the ist of Mflrch .1790.

Together

292

17° — 18"

A. 1790.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Statement.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Statement be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Statement are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Adjourned Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Considera- the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was tion of Report made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the and^Carfford better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Poor Bill re- Hundreds of Colneis and in the County of fumed. Suffolk, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when' the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill respect Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the in8 s*‘*"re* Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His presen Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order; Expiring a Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned ^*ws relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by preeen lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s

Hydrometer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for additional Provision in Honiton Paving, See. Bill referred to Committee on former Petition.

Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for referring the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, to the Consideratiorwof a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House onlndemnity to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law', and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to " enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, " Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, " and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents."

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and Means deferred.

Cocoa Nuts Bill deferred.

Crown Lands Commissioners Bill deferred.

Supply deferred.

Jovis, 18° die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

Prate es.

f\RDERED, That such a Number of Copies of Account of the several Accounts which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Irving, Inspector General ^tered'from, of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, be Africa and printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Mem- West Inhere of the House. di<rs’ *

pnnted.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Account of Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Import* from Door ? "he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ^Islands1 to the House, pursuant to their Order, Scotland,

An Account of the Value (or Quantity) of Imports promoted, from the British West India Islands to Scotland, in the

Years

Years 1788 and 1789, with the Amount of the Duties of Excise thereon; distinguishing each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account and Mr. Secretary ht War presented to the House, pur-Estin"®l" suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Extraordina- An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the lies of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the

Army. Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1788 to the 24th of December 1789, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Chelsea Out. Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea

rCDSlODCrS* t y . 1 £ 1 ^71

Hospital, for the Year 1790.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea In-Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expencesi of the said Pensioners. Hospital, for the Year 1790: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widow* Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1790: ^en3'ons* And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs ScotchRoads of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, Bndge6-for the Year 1790, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Majesty’s Forces there.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account and Estimates are as followeth;

viz.

Am ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1788 to the 24th of December 1789, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Cates of Warrant*.

1789. March 13th.

30th.

April 3d.

May 15th. July 11th. August 10th. October 30th. December 2d. March 13th.

May 1st. April 18th.

July 3d. 31st.

August 10th.

September 1st.

Vol. 45.

To Thomas Everett, Merchant, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, to the 21st December 1788 - - -' 20,042 — 5

To D®, upon Account, for Duties, Insurance, and other Charges on the Provisions sent by him for the Troops at Gibraltar ——

To D*, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 22d December 1788 and 18th January 1789 ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 19th January and 15th February 1789 To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 16th February and 10th May 1789 To D® upon Account, for victualling 1)® Garrison, between the nth May and 7th June 1789 To D* upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 8th June and 5th July 1789 To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 6th July and 30th August 1789 To Messrs. In® Turnbull, Tho*. Gregory, and George Mackenzie Macaulay, upon Account, for Provisions for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia, St John’s Newfoundland, Canada, &c.

To D®, upon Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada -

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the Use of the Troops at Halifax, between the 1st and 28th January 1789 - — -

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued to the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia -To D®, upon Account, for D® issued to the Troops at Halifax, between the 23d April and 20th May

1789....

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the Use of the Troops stationed at the Out Ports in Canada, between nth April and 18th June 1789 -To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the Use of the Troops in Canada and Halifax -

To D®, for Twelve thousand Quarters of dry Provisions for the Use of the Forces in Canada -

4,315 4 2

2,883 13 8

2,868 9

8,561 10 6

2,874 4 8

2,891 3 8

5,9i3 8 6

18,539 6 5

1,407 3 2

566 13 4

6,154 6 6

555 16 6

9,i9i 19 3

4,766 17 4

24,309 11 5

4 F

To

294

Dates of Warrants.

1789.

Extraordnis- Sept. 25th.

ries of the

Army.

October 30th.

December 2 2d. May 13th.

August 10th. 21st. April 3d. July 31st.

1788.

June 12th.

1789. March 27th.

May 15th.

August 5th.

18° Marti*.

To Messrs. In* Turnbull, Tho' Gregory, and Geo. Mackenzie Macaulay, upon Account of Provisions purchased by them for the Use of the Forces in Canada ——

To D°, upon Account, for Provisions issued for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia and Canada -To D°, upon Account, for D® issued for the Use of D® Troops ——

To D*, for Provisions purchased by them for the Use of the Troops in Canada ——

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions issued for the Use of the Troops at Halifax, and Nova Scotia -To Messrs.. Neave and Aislabie, for Provisions purchased by them for 5,000 Men in the West Indies To D°, towards the Purchase of Provisions for 5,000 Persons in D*

To D°, for Provisions shipped for the Troops in the

West Indies.....- - -

To D®, for Six Months wet Provisions shipped at Cork, for the Supply of 5,000 Men in the West Indies To Elizabeth fiudd, upon Account, for Provisions kept up m Store in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey To D®, upon Account, for D® Service - -

£. 9. d.

12,000 — —

8,724 13 9

5,877 13 6

5,447 14 6

1,230 3 7

4,652 2 8

8,600 — —

6,967 13 6

342 5 4

226 9 7

226 9 7

170,13$ 14

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions _ from the Regiments in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies, from December 1788 to December 1789.....30,948 19 2

To the Representatives of John Cruden, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as late Commissary for the Sale of sequestered Estates in South Carolina - - - -- - 3,028 6 4

To Captain G. H. Adams, for the Balance of his Account, as late Lieut. Governor of Goree, from the 10th May 1779 to 3d September 1780 - -

To Tho* Bishop, Esquire, for D® of his Account, as Director of the Fixt and Flying Hospitals for Foreign Troops in the Combined Army in Germany in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 1st Day of May 1759 to 31st December 1763 -

To M. G. Roy, for D® of his Account, as Commissary General of the Forces, from the Year 1778 to the

Year 1782....

To F. R. Clarke, for D®, as Inspector and Superintendant of the Provision Train attending the Army in America, during the late War To Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, formerly Lieut. Governor of the Province of Nova Scotia, for the Balance of his Account from 27th September 1776 to 25th January 1779 ——

To J. B. French, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for furnishing Provisions for the Supply of a Body of Forces, pursuant to Three Contracts, dated 2d September 1789, 6th February 1781, and 19th January 1782 -To Lieut. Tho* Gamble, for D®, as Assistant Deputy Quarter Master General in America, between June 1765 and June 1773 ——

To Major Tho* Gamble, for D®, as Assistant Quarter Master General in Canada, between June 1775 and August 1779 ——

To Ja* Fraser, for D®, as Commissary of Captures in South Carolina, in the Year 1780 -

To Captain Andrew Durnford, for D®, as Assistant Deputy Quarter Master General in Georgia and East Florida, between 26th May 1780 and 4th June 1783 To C. Stedman, Esquire, and Dorothy Boote, Widow and Executrix of B. B. Boote, Esquire, deceased, for the Balance of their Account as Commissaries of Captures in North and South Carolina, and Virginia between May 1780 and December 1782 -

2,101 18 3

3»46o 3 5

106 2 —

423 3 1

40 18 —

66 — 1

*59 3 9 136 18 3

45 3 6

60 19 11

133 4 10

A. 1790,

£. s.

139*87 15 4

9,762 1 5

To

18° Martii.

30 Geo. III.

Dales of Warrants.

1783-

March 19th. To Captain George Gayton, of the Romulus Ship of War, for receiving and entertaining, at different Times, on Board the said Ship, General Sir H. Clinton and General Leslie, and their Suites in America, in the Year 1780 ----- -- 150 — —

1784.

July 26th. To J. L. Mc Adam, R. Gilmore, and Will"1 Calder-head, Owners of the Privateer Schooner Gen1 Matthew, as a Compensation for the Loss of the said Privateer, whilst on the Public Service in Georgia, in the Year 1779 ——

1789.

March 12th. To M. G. O’Hara, for Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments in Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 ——

To Cha* Stuart Ward, late Lieut and Adjutant of the 60th Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of being severely wounded at the Siege of Pensacola, in the Year 1781 ——

April 6th. To Tho* Cotton, Esquire, to be paid over to several Persons who were Planters in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, for Rations of Provisions due to them on the Evacuation of those Provinces ——

May 1st. To Jn° Adlam, late Captain of the 40th Regiment of Foot, for a Lot of Land, in the Province of Nova Scotia, taken for the Use of the Troops, in the Year

>728 ....

15th. To Lieut. Alex' Sutherland, Paymaster of the late Fencible American Regiment, to reimburse his Expences incurred by the frequent distant Joumies he was obliged to take, in consequence of his Office, and the dispersed Situation of the Corps, and as a final Liquidation of his Claims -To Jn° Wa Evans, Lieut, of the 53d Regiment of Foot for the Losses he sustained by a Fire which broke out oh Board the Duke of Kingston Outward bound East Indiaman, at the Time the said Ship was lost ——

18th. To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvje, for the Carriage of Baggage of the 60th Regiment of Foot, in the Island of Jamaica ——

21st. To Patrick Thompson, to reimburse the Charge paid by him for storing Provisions sent to Halifax 30th. To M. G. Tottenham, for undrawn Rations of Provisions and Rum, during the Time he served in the West Indies, in the Years 1780 and 1761, as a Brigadier General ——

June 2d. To Lieut. Col. De Lancey, for Expences incurred in the Employment committed to his Care of adjusting Military Transactions relating to North America, from 5th April 1788 to 5th April 1789 5th. To Messrs. J. and C. Trotter, for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Gibraltar ——

25th. To Alex' Adair, Esquire, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 30th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by them in the Hurricane at Dominica -July 4th. To Donald Bethune, as a Reward for his Services in America, during the late War, he being employed in a secret and hazardous Service -To the Representatives of the late General HavBand, to reimburse the Sums advanced by him for Subsistence, and other Expences, of a Company of New York Volunteers, and some Germans, who had been blown in a Transport off the Coast of America, and arrived at Plymouth, in the Year 1780 . - -

9th. To Tho* Bridge, Agent to Benj" Salter, for Damage done to a Building at Halifax, Nova Scotia, let by him to be used as Barracks for the Troops during the late War in America -

14th. To Major T. Campbell, of the 30th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him Vol. 4 5.

300 — — 44 8 8

135 3 4

57* *a 4 /04 *1 ~-

150 ——

52 9 —

53 *4 5

28 19 9

119 11 —

211 14 5 1,487 3 8 78 4 8

5° -

220 9 — -197 17 —

18° Martii.

A. 1790.

Dates of Warrants.

Extraordina^ ries of the Army.

1789-

in recruiting the said Regiment in the Leeward' Islands, in the Year 1785 -July 25th. To Lieut. Col. Small, Commandant of the 2d Battalion of the late 84th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse the like Sum, advanced by him to Captain Catlin, in Nova Scotia, in the Year 1785, on Account of Secret Service ——

August 4th. To John Dumaresq, Esquire, for Six Years Rent of an Hospital ib the Island of Jersey, to Michaelmas 1789, and for a Compensation for the Injury done to the said Hospital by a Quantity of Powder that was lodged therein taking Fire -8th. To Patrick Cruikshank, for Interest and Expences paid by him on sundry Bills drawn in his Favour by Governor Morris, for Work done at St. Vincent’s, which were returned protested, but have since been discharged by the Treasury - -

26th. To Walter Paterson, Esquire, late Governor of the Island of St John, for the Contingent Expences incurred by him in the Year 1781 -October 7th. To M. G. O’Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 -

November 27th. To Win, Hoyte, for the Use of his House at Gibraltar, which was occupied by the 73d Regiment of Foot for a considerable Time -December 14 th. To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the 60th Regiment of Foot for the Passage of 26 Men of the 2d Battalion of that Regiment from Barbadoes to Grenada, from 25th June 1784 to 24th December following ——

268 12 9

34 4 "

2,480 ——

787 12 5

52 8 10

52 17 1

304 11 —

24 5 4

March 27 th.

May 5th. August 31st. October oth.

April 21st

To the Holder of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by John Udney, Esquire, Consul at Leghorn, being so much paid by him to some Corsican Officers and Soldiers, for Arrears of Pay during their Service at Gibraltar - 152 4 —

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn by M. G. O’Hara, acting Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry Special , Contingent Services for that Garrison, 1,545 4 8

To pay D°, drawn by D®, for D* Service ----- - 1,366 18 4

To Sir H. Mackworth, Baronet, and Company, to enable them to satisfy Bills of Exchange drawn by J. F. W. Des Barres, late Lieut. Governor of Cape Breton, for Public Services ..

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by E. M. Despard, Superintendent Bay of Honduras, for D# Service To D®, drawn by John Parr, Governor of Nova Scotia for Public Services - - .

To D®, drawn by Alured Clarke, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for D® Services -

To D°, drawn by Edward Mathew, Governor of Grenada, for D® Services -To D®, drawn by David Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for D® Services - -

To D®, drawn by James Seton, Governor of St. Vincent, for D° Services ——

To D®, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieut. Governor of New Brunswick, for D® Services -To D®, drawn by John Orde, Governor of Dominica, for D* Services ——

To D®, drawn by Thomas Shirley, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for D* Services -To D®, drawn by Arch1 M*Arthur, Commander in Chief in the Bahamas, for D* Services To D®, drawn by Lord Dunraore, Governor of the Bahamas, for D® Services -

To D®, drawn by Wm. Macarmick, Governor of Cape Breton, for D® Services -

To D®, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Lieut. Governor Island of St John, for D® Services -

2,912 3

10,004 11 —

00 CO 12 7

286 2 4

L395 8 6

3,632 11 —

1,848 12 10

6,073 3 3

70 3 7

1,324 9 5

4,"3 18 9

1,281 7 8

2,000 — t —

530 10 9

359 19 6

£. *. d.

7,860 9 8

To

30 Geo. III.

18° Martin

297

Dates of Warrants.

1789.

April 21st.

1781. March 12th.

19th.

April 29th. May 5th.

19th.

20th.

2ist. June 1st.

25th.

July 4th' 14th.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Tho. Nepean, Engineer St. John, Newfoundland, for Public Services -To D®, drawn by John Elford, Lieut. Governor Newfoundland, for D® Services - -

£ s. d.

4Q1 4 10

342 9 ~

T6 Cash paid by Mr, Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, to 24th March 1789, pursuant to Warrants from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester ----- -- 10,864 x5 3

To D°, paid by D® for D®, to 24th September 1789,

pursuant to Warrants ffpip D® - - - - 12,22Q 3 8

Yol. 45,

To Sir Wm, Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days Additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1788 - - - 520 1 — '

To R. Adair, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Inspector General of the Hospitals of the Forces in Great Britain, to D° - - - 693 8

To M. G. Townsend, for 183 Days D®, for superintending the Recruiting Service of the several Regiments Abroad, to D*

To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days Additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to D® -To D®, for 366 Days Pay of Two Assistants, as D®, to D® - -

To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces in the Year

1788 -

To L. G. Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay as Lieut. Governor of the late Garrison of Fort St. Philip, in Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December, 1788 . - *

To Lieut. Col. De Lancey, for his Pay, as Adjutant General to the Forces in North America, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788 To John Hatton, to make good the full Sum he is entitled to for Half Pay, as Captain of the New Jersey Volunteers, from 25th October 1783 to 24th December 1788 - -

To Col. J, F. Erskine, for an Allowance, or Pension, from 28th May 1781 to 5th April 1789, in Consideration of having raised a Regiment of Foot in Switzerland, intended for Service in the East '

Indies - - <- -

To several Persons, for Arrears of Pay for having raised Provincial Troops during the late War in America - -

To Col. Tho. Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1788 -To Roger Johnson, for 366 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st December 1788 -To Pierce Sinnot, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance, as late Lieut. Governor of Niagara, to 3d May

1789 ——

To Geo. Brinley, Esquire, for 187 Days Pay, as

Deputy Commissary at Halifax, in America, to 17th November 1788 -

To Sir Wm. Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Adjutant General, tp 24th June 1789 To L. G. Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of the late Garrison of Fort St. Philip, in Minorca, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 ?

To L. G. Morrison, for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th June 1789 ' -To Wm. Anderson, Esquire, for Pay, as Adjutant to the 20th Regiment of Foot, from 1st April 1782 to 13th August 1783 ——

To Caleb Wheaton, late a Lieutenant in the Nova Scotia Volunteers, for Arrears of Pay for having raised Provincial Troops during the late War To James Lawrie, Esquire, for One Year and Half’s Allowance to 21st June 1789, for his Services as

260 — 6

520 1 —

m 7 —

2,600 5

346 14 -7

346 14

214 »3 8

3,927 I 1

586 13 8

250 —

183 —

150 ——

140 5 —

5'7 4 —

344 16 —

5'7 4 —

*51 7 6

*36 7 8

4 Cr

Extraordin*-ries of the

£. s. IArmy-

38,26712 —

23,0841811

late

18" Martii

Extraordinj-rtes of the Army.

Dates of Warrants.

August 4the

7th.

*789.

late Superin tend ant, Captain, and Commander in Chief on the Mupquito Shore -July 25th. To John Craigie, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Commissary in Canada, to 24th June 1788 To D*, for 366 Days D*, as Storekeeper General in the Province of Quebec, to D* - - v

To Geo. Brinley, Esquire,^or 158 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary at Halifax in North America, to 24th April 1789 ——

To Doctor J. M. Nooth, for Pay, as Physician to the Forces in North America, from 25th June 1788 to 24th December following -To W. H. Robinson and Pierse Rowe, for their Extra Allowance, as Deputy Commissaries of Musters in the Leeward Islands, for One Year, to 24th December 1788- ——

October 2d. To Jane Catherwood, Executrix of Rob. Catherwood, deceased, for 59 Days Pay, as Hospital Surgeon at the Iiavanna, to the 18th October 1763 7th. To M. G. Townsend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 17^8 to 24th June 1789 ——

To Col. T. Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to

«4th June 1789....

November 30th. To Col. J. F. Erskine, for Half a Year’s Pension, to 10th October 1789, in Consideration of having raised a Regiment of Foot in Switzerland, intended for Service in the East Indies - -

£. s

750 -

274 10 — 91 10 —

118 10 — 433 7 6

100 ——

29 10 — 258 12 — 250 ——

273 6 —

A. 1790.

£ *’ d.

15,158 8 7

March 19th. ToL. G. Mackay, Commander of the Forces in North Britain, for so much expended by him for the Good of His Majesty’s Service in the

Year 1788

May 19th. To Sir John Inglis, Baronet, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and Fort Charlotte, in the Island of Shetland, and the Barracks of Bernera, Inversnaid, Corgarf, and Braemar, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, in the Year 1788 -

To D*, for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain -

21st. To Pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance, to Christmas 1788, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, See. ——

300 ——

1,962 13 4 831 7 6

445 19

March 12th. To Wm. Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 726 Chaldrons of Coals, received at Gibraltar between the 7th September 1788 and 25th January 1789 - - - 1,125 6 —

To D*, for Extra Charge, of Freight on 1,869 $ Chaldrons of Coals, sent by him for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - 560 18 6

To Governor P. JE. Irving, for providing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 - 9 15 10

To D°, for providing D* for D\ from 25th December

1787 to 24th December 1788 ----- 918

- To Nich. Fiott, for Coals and Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th March 1788 to 28th September following - 210 10 3

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Master of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards, in the said Barracks, with Coals and Candles, between 24th June and 25th December 1788 ----- 279 5 8

To D*, for providing divers Utensils for D* Barracks,

during the Year 1788 - - - 11918 10

To Lora Amherst, for supplying Coals*and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 - 248 5 5

3,539 i°

To

30 Geo. III.

18s Mai til

Dates of Warrants.

1789-March 19th.

28th.

June 5th. 25th.

July 9th.

August 12th. October 7th.

To A. Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th June 1788 to 24th December following -To D", for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &c. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788 To W. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Dock To John Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1789 -

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c. for the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 2.5th June 1788 to 24th December following -To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D* for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 21st June to 19th September 1788 -

To D*, for providing D* for D° Forces, from 20th September to 19th December 1788 -

To Nich. Fiott, for Coals and Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 29th September 1788 to 24th March 1789 -To H. Henderson, for providing and repairing Utensils at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. and furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the said Barracks ——

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barradks, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 -

To Tho. Best, Esquire, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Coals, Candles, &c. from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788 To J. Darwin, for providing D° for the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 -

To W. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Dock ——

To James Moneypenny, Esquire, Master of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the said Barracks with Coals and Candles, between 24th December 1788 and 25th June 1789 -To Lord Darlington, for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, for the Year 1784 ——

To D°, for furnishing D#, for the Year 1785 -

To D*, for furnishing D*, for the Year 1786 To D*, for furnishing D°, for the Year 1787 ,-

To D*, for furnishing D°, for the Year 1788 To W. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th December. 1788 to 24th June 1789 ——

To Edw. Kent, Esquire, for providing D* for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from D* to D* -To John Gore, Esquire, for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for One Year to Michaelmas 1789 - -

To D°, for divers Necessaries furnished for D", for Six . Months to D° -

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 20th December 1788 to 20th March 1789 -

To D®, for providing D° for D* Forces, from 21st March to 19th June 1789 -

To M. G. Scott, for One Year’s additional Allowance for Coals and Candles for the Guards in Windsor Castle, to 24th December 1785-

£. - s. d. 54 8 5 *34 *5 7

506 ——

616 13 2 125 — 2 146 13 JO

191 15 10

38* 7 3

340 7 6

497 15 8 344 8 2

4412 1

300 ——

279 5 8

78 3 ~ 78 3 — 78 3 — 78 3 —

78 3 —

208 16- 2 450 13 —

8* 17 4

335 5 10

197 12 3

160 11 J

24 2 —

Vol. 45.

Extraordina* lies of the Army.

300

Dates of Warrants.

1789. October 7th.

180 Martli.

To M. G. Scott, for One Year’s additional Allowance £. s. for Coals and Candles for the Guards in Windsor Castle, to 24th December 1786 - - - 24 2 —

To D°, for One Year’s additional D* for D®, to 24-th

December 1787 - -- - 24 2 —

To D®, for One Years additional D° for D®, to 24th

December 1788 - - - - 24 2 ~

To Geo. Leith, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles,

Brooms, &c. for the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 - 157 4 4

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from D® to D* - 261188

December 2d. To W. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock ----- -- 200 ——

April 29th. ^To the Representatives of the late Major Commandant the Marches, &c. of the Radnorshire Militia, from 1781 to 24th June 1782 - -

To D® for D® of D" Militia, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 ——

To Major John Beavan, for D® of D° Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783 -To Lieut. Col. Peacocke, for D® of the Anglesea Militia, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 To D®, for D® of D° Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 ——

To D®, for D® of D° Militia, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

To D®, for D® of D® Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783 ——

To Col. Vansittart, for D® of the Berkshire Militia, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 To D°, for D* of D* Militia, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

To D°, for D® of D° Militia, from 25th June to 24th

December 1782 ——

To D®, for D® of D* Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 12th March 1783 - -

John Jones, for 25th December

75 19 6

23 9

368 7 4

107 2 6

230 ’9 3

325 14 - 3

160 . 9 6

215 6 8

98 8

221 2

fvC 00 17 3

Tt> Major John Beavan, for sundry Claims, on Account of the Radnorshire Militia - -- -- 56 27

To Lieut. Col. Peacocke, for sundry D®, on Account of the Anglesea Militia - - - 808 1 5

To Col. Vansittart, for sundry D®, on Account of the Berkshire Militia - -' - - - - 971109

March 30th.

November 4th.

March loth. 12th.

j

To Lard Amherst, in lieu of 120 Days Net Off-reckonings of the Third Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot - - 444 4 1

To D®, in lieu of 120 Days D® of the 4th Battalion of

D® Regiment ----- -- 444 4 1

To Major Grose, in lieu of 123 Days D* of his Corps

of Foot - 297 18 8

To M. G. Hyde, Lieut Col. of the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards, for the Expences in defending a vexatious Prosecution brought against Serjeant Wheeler, of the said Regiment - - 106 1 11

To Sir W* Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 ----- 265 5 —

To M. G. Townsend, for his Contingent Expences as Superintendent of the Recruiting Service, from D® to D® - 278 16 6

To D®, being the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures on D® Service, for Six Months, to

D® -

C13 7 3

A. 1790.

£. s. d.

9,061 7 3

i,925 15 3

i,835 14 9

1,186 6 10

To

18° Ma

Dates of Warrants.

1789.

March 12 th. To L. G.Morrison, for his Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 ——

To Col. Williamson, for his Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from D* to D*

To M. G. Roy, for his Contingent Expences, Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788 -

To Captain Lloyd Hill, of the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards, for the Expences of a vexatious Suit brought against him by a Private Man of the said Regiment, for an Assault -

19th. To Messrs. Chamberlayne und White, for transacting Law Business for the Army, from November 1781 to November 1788 ——

28th. To Captain Bisset, for sundry Expences incurred by him in Repairs done to the Barracks at Deal, and in superintending the Embarkation of the 3d and 4th Battalions of the 60th Regiment of Foot -To Wm. Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms, Barracks, and Recruit House, in the Year

1786 ....

To D°, for D° done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in D4 Year ——

April 17th. To M. G. M'Nab, for providing Knapsacks for the 41st Regiment of Foot -

To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to reimburse the Effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 ——

To the Duke of Nothumberland, for sundry Articles of Clothing, &c. provided by him for the late 2d Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, before it was known that the same would be reduced To L. G. Johnston, Col. of the 6th Regiment of Dragoons, for the Expences of a vexatious and malicious Prosecution brought against Surgeon Andrew Christie, of the said Regiment, for the wilful Murder of a Private Man therein, who died after having been punished -May 5 th. To R. lay lor, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee for Army Accounts, for the Contingent Disbursements of the said Committee, to 24th December 1788 - _ -

To Messrs. Chamberlayne and White, for transacting Law Business for the Office of the Paymaster General, between August 1783 and September 1788 -

June 5th. To the Reverend Mr. Wilmot, for One Year’s Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces there, to 24th December

1788 .....;

To Lord Amherst, for Knapsacks provided for the 3d Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot -To D4, for D4 provided for the 4th Battalion of D* Regiment ——

To Wm. Brown, Lieut Governor of Guernsey, for Rent of a House in the said Island, from nth February 1788 to 24th December following -To Sir A. Campbell, K. B. for Knapsacks provided for the 74th Regiment of Foot - -

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, acting as Agents to Col. Abercromby, for providing Knapsacks for the 75th Regiment of Foot -

25th. To Sir W. Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 -

To Francis and John Carleton, for Expences incurred by them on the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, in the Years 1786 and

1787 ——

£. s. d.

164 4 —

78 3 —

214 4 —

40 4 2

375 6 5

73 8 6

793 6 —

1.394 17 ~

121 19 —

1,033 14 8

158 16 9

85 16 10

401 9 8

90 4 1

42 2 — 121 19 — 121 19 —

49 13 5 135 14 —

224 15 —

265 5 —

294 19 10

Vol. 45.

4 H

301

To

isl:

Extraordinaries of the Army.

18° Mart*.

A. 1790.

302

Extraordinary of thd Army.

Dates of Warrants.

1789.

June 25th.

July plh.

14th.

October 7tl>*

November 11th.

18th.

25th.

Dates of Sec*, at War’s Letters.

To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1789, a progressive List of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army To John Charleton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account for sundry Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. ——

To Col. Williamson, for his Contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutint General, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 -To Messrs Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, &c. several Acts of Parliament, &c. for the Use of the Army ——

To Sir R. Boyd, K. B. for Money paid by him to sundry Supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 39th Regiment of Foot, in Lieu of Clothing due to them when discharged in the Year 1783 ——

To M. G. Roy, for his Contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 - -

To Messrs. Phipps and Bernard, Joint Agent and Solicitor to the late Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, to reimburse the respective Commanding Officers of the said Corps the Sums advanced by them for Bounty to Private Men discharged on Reduction thereof, in the Year

1783....

To L. G. Morrison, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 ——

To Col. J. F. Erskine, to reimburse the Deductions made from his Pension of 500 L a Year, from 28th May 1781 to 5th April 1789 -

To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Instruments, and Materials furnished by him for the Use of the Forces, in the Year

1788....

To M. G. Townsend, for his Contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 -

To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to reimburse the Effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th December 178810 24th June 1789 ——

To M. G. Townsend, for the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures on the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th June 1789 -

To M. Fisher and S. Thresher, for One Year and a Quarter’s Rent, to Michaelmas 1789, for the Barracks occupied by the Foot Guards at Knightsbridge To John Charleton, Esquire, on Account, for sundry Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c.

To T. Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1787 -

To D*, for Work done in Repairs of the Foot Guards Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barrack and Recruit House, in D° Year

£ s. d.

103 3 —

1,000 ——

78 3 ~

201 5

82 — 1' 6 108 3 —

975 ——

184 4 —

299 1 8

1,696 6 8 276 15 6

Li43 13 3 666 5 5 349 12 6

2,000 ——

1,410 12 5

545 2 1

1788. December 20th.

1789.

March 31 st. Juue 16th.

To Mr. Samuel Wyatt, on Account, for constructing a Nymber of portable Hospitals for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces on Foreign Service -

To D*, for D° Service ——

To D#, for D* Service -....

5.000 ——

3.000 - ——

3.000 ——

27,665----

378,535 9 9

PAYMENTS

18° Ma*

303

Dates of Warrants.

£. s. d.

1789-May 12th.

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies:

To the Agents of several Regiments serving in India, to pay for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table, of sundry Subaltern Officers who are ordered to embark for the East Indies - ,£.1,294 11 —

5th. To Major John Gratton, for 365 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General of the Forces in the East Indies, to

21st April 1789 - - - . - - - - 365 ——

June 25th. To the Agents of several Regiments serving in India, to pay for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table* of sundry Subaltern Officers who are ordered to embark for the East Indies - - - - 244 11 —

August 4th. To Messrs. Cox, Cox and Greenwood, Agents to the 74th Regiment of Foot serving in India, to pay for D® of One Subaltern Officer of that Regiment ordered to embark for D° - 74 11 —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the

Year 1785 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1786 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1789 -

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, , for the Year 1788 -To D® of D° Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1789 - -

To D® of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1788 -To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D#and D®, for the Year 1789 To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year

1787 - -

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1788 -

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1789 - -

To D* of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year

1788 - ....

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1789 -To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of D® and D®, for the Year 1788 - -

To D* of D® Regiment, on Account of D® and D®, for the Year 1789 To D® of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1787 -To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1788 -To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D® and D®, for the Year 1789 To D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1788 ——

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1789 -

To D®of the 76th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruit-

47 5 6 - 1,118 3 8

1,474 3 —

135 1* —

3,251 6 10

774 7 6

3,556 11 2

10 13 6

109 1 —

1*781 16 10

54 19 6

2,362 4 10

1.643 16 —

2.644 *3 8

82 16 —

3,580 14 — 4,866 13 —

613 16 —

Vox.. 45.

ing, for the Year 1788 -To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D* and D®, for the Year 1789

3,005 10 6

708 11 6 1,936 16 4

To

Extraonliiia-riesof the Army.

18° Marti*.

A. 1790.

Lxtraonlina-rics of the Army.

Date of Seer*, at War’s Letter.

1789.

June 18th.

To the Agent of the 76th Regiment of Foot, for the Allowance to the Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon, from 25th December 178710 23d September 1788 -

To D* of the 77th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1788 - - .

To D® of D* Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Re ruiting, for the Year 1789 - -

To D® of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1784 -

To D® of D* Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1785 -

£ s.

533 16 11

1,521 18 —

2,828 8 10

70 3 — 5 *5 —

38,720 — 1

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 366 Days Nett Off-reckonings, to the 24th December 1788 - 2,257 14 10

To D® of D® Regiment, for 151 Days

D®, to 24th May 1789 - 931 9 6

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December 1788 - - - 2,261 17 6

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788.....2,261 17 6

To D® of D° Regiment, for 182 Days

D°, to 24th June 1789 - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December 1788 ----- - 2,261 17 6

To D® of D° Regiment, for 182 Days , D®, to 24th June 178,) - - - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 72d Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788.....- 2,261 17 6

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - - - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 73d Regiment, of Foot, for 366 Days, D®, to 24th December

1788.....2,261 17 6

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - - - 1,124 14 4

To D* of the 74th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D°, to 24th December

1788.....2,261 17 6

To D* of D® Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - - - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 76th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December 1788 - - - 2,261 17 6

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - - - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 77th Regiment of Foot,

for 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788 -.....2,261 17 6

To D® of D° Regiment, for 182 Days

D®, to 24th June 1789 - - - 1,124 14 4

To the Agent of the 19th Dragoons, on Account of 365 Days Arrears of Officers, to the 24th December 1786 ----- - 1,207 16 1

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D®, to D® 1,177 9 2

To D® of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on

Account of 365 Days D®, to D® - 1,177 — 1

To D® of the 71 st Regiment of Foot, on

Account of 365 Days D®, to D® - 1,23415 l

30,281 19 —

s. d.

To

1

To the Agent of the 72c! Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days Arrears of Officers, to the 24th Decern- £. s. ber 1786 ‘ " - - »»*55 n *

*10 D* of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D*, to D* 989 19 —

I- i. d.

305

c

s. d.

Extraonlina-ries of the Amiy.

6,943 to 6

77,923 2 7

356,458 12 4

N. B, When Remittances are made from India the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Regiments serving in the East Indies.

War-Office,

18th March 1790. Deo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 179°*

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

20,091 Out Pensioners, at 5*/. per Diem each, from 35th December 1789 1790, deducting for Pensions unclaimed, 2,908/. 45. 2 400 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diena each ——

31 Serjeants, at gd. per Diem each -

20,522

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying Out Pensioners -To Agents Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out Pensioners, per Annum

To the Rent of a House for examining Out Pensioners -

to 24th December

d

1,474 2 — 510 6 —

i;oooo ——

200 — —

149,867 2 1

7,300 — — 424 6 3

157,59* 8 4

From which deduct, out of Poundage on Out Pensioners

3,184

1,200

Deduct already voted on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1790 ——

In all to be made good for 1790 -

8 —

1,984 8 —

159,575 16 4

5,555 5 7

O O 5 10 9

War-Office,

18th March 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo 1. 45.

41 ESTIMATE

18° Martii.

A. 1790

Chelsea In-PensioneTs.

Widows

Pensions*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1790.

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Clothing for Ditto ——

Salaries of Governor, and other Officers -

Board Wages, and Table for Ditto -

Surgeon and Apothecary - -

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -

Tradesmen ——

Provisions ——

Contingencies, and other Extraordinaries - -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1790

In all to be made good for 1790

1,266

9»»

3,821

493

1,800

5,490

4,500

8,525

3,911

s.

2

7

9

10

d.

4

5

30,718 8 9 3,800 ——

26,918 8 9

War-Office,

18th March 1790. Geo.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1790.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pension. Charge.

36 - - - Widows of Colonels £. s. d. SO I 1 O 0 S2do r*

23 ... Lieutenant Colonels - 40 920

19 - - - Majors - - 30 570

150 Captains - 26 — 3,900 — —

166 - Lieutenants - - - 20 3,320

130 Ensigns, &c. - 16 2,080

1 - Physician's Widow - - 30

525 Widows for 1790 12,620

The amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound, allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated -Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - In all - - 631 100 731 t3,35i

From which deduct the following Sums, already voted; viz. On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, 1790 D° for Marine Corps ----- -- Remains to be provided 2,621 18 9 737 12 — - - I- 3,359 i° 9. 9,99i 9 3

War-Office,

18th March 1790. Geo. Yonge.

« N. B. In the 130 Widows aFove-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, and of the Solicitor to the Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

ESTIMATE

30 Geo. III.

18° Martii

307

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Scotch Roads Britain, for the Year 1790, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Bridges. Majesty’s Forces there.

Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in North Britain, for the Year 1790 - - - - <£.4,859 w. 8

War Office,

18th March 179°- Geo.

The Lords have agreed to

Tin Bill.

Polebrook Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition re-relating to Bromsgro’ve and Birmingham lload BLU.

Harby Inclo* sure Bill presented.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope;without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir James Langham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Application has been made to the House for Powers to improve the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Birmingham, in Warwickshire, to Bromsgrove, m Worcestershire; and that the said Road is of the greatest Consequence to the Borough of Droitwich, as it is the direct Way from the North to the West of England, through Worcester, Gloucester, and Bristol, but is, in many Parts

thereof, so narrow, hilly, and uneven, that Carriages passing along the same are in the utmost Danger, and, in many Parts thereof, Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that that Part of the Road which lies within the Parish of Nortffeld requires to be diverted,

so as to form a straight Line, whereby the several Hills and hollow Ways, which have occasioned various Accidents to Carriages and Passengers, will be entirely avoided: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as the Case shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received) and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 45,

Colonel Boscawen presented to the House, accord- Truro Paving ing to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, Bl11 Pre* and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for sen removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of several Stump Cross Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross Iload* to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid passe ’

to the End of the Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from ShelfordPound to and for

making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid, and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of

next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from Shelford Pound to Wittlesford, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid, and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittlesford, next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorlce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Blaauw’sNat. the Bill for naturalizing Willem Blaauw, was committed; Bill reported. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition for Inhabitants of the City of Glasgoze, was presented to Provision in the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave has been 1 given to bring in a Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgozo over certain adjoining Lands, for

paving,

308

paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City; and Alledging, That the Tollbooth, or Common Gaol, of the said City, being small and incommodious, it may be necessary to purchase Houses and Areas, in order to enlarge the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for enlarging the said Tollbooth, and purchasing Houses and Areas for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu be added to added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring Mkkleover *n’ a Pursuai)t to the Prayer of the Petition of the Inclosure several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Bill. being the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the

Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Liberty or Lordship of Mkkleover, in the County of Derby.

Mkkleover Mr. Fredeo'ick Montagu presented to the House, ac-Inclosure Bill cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the presented. Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mer-Brudford* 'n ^ants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Bradford, Waterworks *n the West Riding of the County of York, whose Bill. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That several Gentlemen in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, about Forty-five Years ago, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Town, borrowed a Sum of Money, for conveying Water to the said Town from a Coal Drain in Horton, and such Gentlemen being all dead, their Shares have been sold to several Persons, who, the Petitioners apprehend, now wish to make great Advantage to themselves of the Waterworks; and that Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town have for several Years last past been very badly supplied with Water, and, in order that all the Inhabitants may have equal Benefit, the Petitioners apprehend that several Improvements are necessary to be made in the Works, and that the same ought to be under the Direction of Commissioners, and the Execution of the Act vested in them, with Power to borrow Money for making Improvements, and completing the Works so as to serve all the Inhabitants, and paying off, to such of the old Proprietors as are dissatisfied with their Security, their Principal Money, and that the Inhabitants ought not to be restrained from bringing other Water to the said Town, and laying Pipes in the Town for such Water, nor should any Person be obliged to pay for the present Water, who does not agree for it; and that the Proprietors give out, that they will apply to Parliament, this present Session, for an Act to authorize them to take any Sum, not exceeding 4 /. per Annum, for the Water to any Public House, and 1/. iGs. for the Water to any Private House, and, if such Act was to pass, the Petitioners apprehend that such Sums would be very oppressive on the Inhabitants of the said Town, instead of being beneficial, according to the original Institution; and that the former Owners of Land in Horton, through which the Water passes to 02

A. 1790.

the Town of Bradford (as it was for the Benefit of the Town) permitted the Gentlemen to convey the Water through their Grounds, and the present Waterworks ought to be a Security to the Proprietors for their Principal Money and Interest, but such Proprietors ought to be restrained from advancing the Water Rents any higher than will allow 7 I. per Centum Interest for their Money, such Rents to be settled by Commissioners fairly and equally upon s\ich Inhabitants as chuse to take -it: And therefore praying, That the Execution of the Act may be vested in Commissioners, and such Powers to them given for borrowing Money for the Purposes above, and completing the Works, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving and preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, be read a Second Time.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance to their Orders, 1>aP*r* P«-

An Account of such Charges as have been added 8CUte<*-to the Civil Establishment of the Ordnance, either by the Creation of new Places, or by additional Salaries, with the Names of the Persons, or their Deputies, so appointed, and their respective Offices, since the 1st of January 1784: And also,

A Report of such open Contracts as have been made by the Master General and Board of Ordnance, in Consequence of Advertisements in the public Prints, specifying the respective Articles so furnished since the 1st 0 1 January 1784.

And the Titles of the said Account and Report were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Report are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition ia thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, favour of nir. and others, resident in or near the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, Canal Mi and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Sevei'n, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time. '

Sir Joseph Marwbey reported from the Committee, Southwark to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Roads Peii-Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- *»" reportal, second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for opening " and making a new Road, from the East End of " New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark,

" to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for " the future;" and also, another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Petitioners not being informed of the said Standing Orders

18° Martii.

Mr. Forbes Petition against Stirling Roads Bill

in Time to comply therewith, but that an Estimate of the Expence of making the several Pieces of new Road described in the Petition is annexed thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Hosier being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed 9,000l., and upwards upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and made more effectual — That Part of the Road leading through a Street called The in the

Parish of Bermondsey, is very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be widened without great Expence, but that a safe and commodious Road might be made to avoid the said Street, to lead from Dock-head to Lillyput Hall Bridge, being Fifty Rods in Length, or thereabouts — That it will be of much Advantage to the Public, to make a new Road to lead from the South East End of Free School Street, through Three Oak Lane, to join the said Turnpike Road at Dockhead, being Thirty Rods in Length; and also a new Road from the said Turnpike Road at the East End of MiUPond Street, through certain Grounds, to the West End of Paradise Row, in the Parish of Rotherhithe, being Eighty-eight Rods in Length. — And the Witness added, That no additional Toll is intended to be taken on the said new Roads, nor any Money borrowed for the Purpose of making the m.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given, at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions to be held for the Counties of Surrey and Kent, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers, published or circulated within the said Counties, before the 20th Day of April next, of the Application to Parliament for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, and for making and repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774,

of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

A Petition of William Forbes, of CaUendar, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint in the said County of Stirling; and Setting forth, That the Interest of the Petitioner will be materially affected and injured by several Parts of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, it being thereby proposed to grant Powers

Vo*.. 45.

to the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, their Officers and Collectors, to take Gravel and Materials for the Roads, and to estimate Damages in an arbitrary Manner, the proper and reasonable Exemption of Tolls not being provided for, extraordinary Powers for the Suppression of Roads, and erecting Toll Bars, exclusive and final Jurisdiction given to me Trustees in their Character of Justices of Peace, and the Bill being in several other Respects injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said BUI, against the said Petition.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- Mr-Speakert cording to Order, a Bill for the better Support of the Allowance Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure under the Crown: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Lime Tomorrow Morning.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, Repreenta-pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, h°"

A Copy of the Representation of the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration respecting of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Planta- the Cora tions, upon the present State of the Laws for regulating Laws, pre-the Exportation and Importation of Corn; and submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration some further Provisions which are wanting to amend and improve the said Laws.

And the Title of the said Representation was read.

Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Representation be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Representation is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Report n. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- spec ting ferred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, Bounties to in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast slave Ship*, of Africa, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three 4 K . Slaves

310 18° Marl'd. A. 1790.

Slaves ih each Hundred have died, within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue for a limited " Time, and amend, an Act made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a " limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of ," That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House on American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade Bill. Upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him x to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered\That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Strcatham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

Workhouse the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was mittedC0, D* ma^e ^roni *he Committee, to whom the Bill for e ' providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of ham, in the County of Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Accounts count of the Prime Cost of such Goods from India and ordered. China as have been exposed to Sale at the East India Company’s Annual Sales, from the 1st of March 1786 to the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing Quantity and Quality in the Total or Abstract.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the East India Company’s Sales of Goods from India and China, from the 1st of March 1789 to the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing Quality and Quantity in Abstract.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Quick Stock at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, shewing Debts and Assets on the 30th of April 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quick Stock, shewing Debts and Assets for China and Bencoolen, for Four Years; viz. for the 30th of April 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Slave Trade resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said. Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay Mjj*1'* PaY and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Bu passed‘ Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Indemnity Committee *f the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported, indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Hallamihire whom the Petition of several of the Freemen of the Cutler* Corporation of Cutlers, in the Lordship and Liberty Petit‘f" of Hallamshire, in the West Riding of the County of rep0

York, established by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, *An Act for incorporating the Makers of Knives, and other Cutlery " Wares, in Hallamshire, in the County of York," was read: And,

Mr. Arthur Jewitt being examined, said, That the Officers of the Corporation have neglected the Rules

established

established by the said Act, after many repeated Applications to them, for redressing Grievances, which they have neglected to attend to; and that Petitions have also been presented" to them, stating the Injury to the Trade by employing various Persons, and using various Marks, not allowed by the Act

And being asked, What is the Use of marking Cutlery Wares? He said, It is to prevent Imposition, and that each Person shall be regulated by his own Work; that there is a Penalty of 40 for neglecting to mark their Wares with One regular Mark, each Person having a Mark of their own.

And being asked, Whether it would not be of great Utility if a Court was established within the Corporation for the Trial of all Offences committed respecting the Cutlery Business, before the Master Cutlers, and a Jury of Twelve Freemen, to be indifferently named ? He said, It would; for that at present they are obliged to have those Trials in the Court of King’s Bench, at a great Expence; and the Offence being only 40 s. the Attempt to recover it is not worth while.

And he added, That no greater Number of Apprentices ought to be allowed than are mentioned in the said Act.

Mr. Samuel Linley confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the good Order and Government " of the Makers of Knives, Sickles, Sheers, Scissors, " and other Cutlery Wares, in , in the County of York, and the Parts near adjoiningAnd that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Petitions -whole House, to consider further of the several Peti-

TobaccoVct t* *ons have been presented to this House in this

’ Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir JVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning," resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 19° Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1790. Prayers.

Mr.Hobartto /ORDERED, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry to

cany Militia v the Lords the ingrossed Bill for defraying the Pay Bill to Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in

*9" that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.’

Vo l. 45.

1 Martii. 311

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Stourportand the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation was pe*JtHmn£ referred; That the Committee had examined, and ported, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn,

" between Bewdley and Tilton Brook, in the County " of Worcester, to cross the River , at or near " Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made " between the said River Trent and the River Mersey" was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Hodskinson, an Engineer, being examined, said, That the Navigation of the River Severn has never, in any Respect, been improved, and remains in its natural State, and is in many Places affected by Schoals, and Beds of Rock Sand, or Gravel, which in dry Seasons impede the Navivation: Then,

Mr. Samuel Danks being examined, said, That the aforesaid Company of Proprietors, with a View to improve the said Navigation, lately began to remove some Part of the said Shoals, between the Termination of the Stourport Canal and Digits, near Worcester, a Distance ot about Thirteen Miles, and therein expended a considerable Sum of Money, but were prevented from effecting their Design for want of Parliamentary Powers — And the Witness added, That the Removal of the said Obstructions would increase the general Advantages of the Canal of the said Company, and greatly tend to the public Benefit; and they are desirous, at their own Expence, and without charging the Public with any Toll or Duty whatever, to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to scour, cleanse, and deepen, the Bed or Channel of the River Severn, from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Inhabitants in and near the Petitions Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester: And in favour EtlsO the

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also, ter Canal

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bill, thereunto subscribed, Owners and Lessees of Land and Coal Mines lying upon the Line, and in the Vicinity, of the Birmingham Canal and its Branches:

And also,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Saint Ives: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal:

And also,

A Petition of the Right honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, the Right honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir Thomas George Skiprwith, Baronet, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Baronet, Jervoise Clerke Jer. voise, Esquire, and Thomas Holmes, Esquire, Owners of very considerable Estates, and of Water Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers, Brooks, and

Streams

312

19" Martii. A. 1790.

Streams lying between the Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, upon the Line of the intended Canal therein-after mentioned, or the Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Killiagworth Inclow re Bill pasted.

Leeds and Liverpool Navigation Bill corn* mitted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Killingworth Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton,

in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 72.1. 41. After " also" to insert " to pay."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground,- called Killing-worth Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregg do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

House adjourns to Monday.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Clerkeawell A Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, Church Bill and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the committed. Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for piffling down the Church " of Saint James, at Clerkenmell, in the County of " Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and " making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the " said Parish, with Convenient Avenues and Passages " thereto," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Jervoise, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Blaauw’sNat An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Willem Blaauw, Bill pained. was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Willem Blaauw.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Deal Paving Mr. Gipps presented to the House, according to

Bill pre- Order, a Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing the

ented. Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according Alfreton to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road® an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Pre,eDte present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane,to a certain Place, in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at

or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according Claywonh to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Iacioaure Bill and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pas- Presented* tures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, North Coland regulating, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, lmgham In-Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish c B of North Collingham, in the County of Nottingham, was p read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Collingham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Matthew Montagu reported from the Com- sixth Report mittee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the ofexainina-Examination of such Witnesses as shall be produced t,on of Wit* on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave of the Slave Trade, and who were impowered to report the Minutes Trade, of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, to Rowde Ford whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Red Hill from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of and p ‘

for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard’s Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had

gone

The Lords have agreed to

Scotch Creditors Bill.

Norwich Water Bill.

Leicester and WelfordRoad Bill.

Marlborough Roads Bill reported.

Lynn and Ouze Haling Paths Petitions reported.

gone through the Bill, and ljiade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign ,of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and We ford Turnpike Road, in the Counties

of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening Two Pieces of Road called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in B, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads, and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; (and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Hoqse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, in Behalf of themselves, and of the Merchants, Traders, find others, concerned in the Navigation in the several Counties of,

Vol. 45.

Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and ton; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Owners of Lands charged with, or chargeable to, the Repairs of the Banks or Sea Walls of the River Ouze, on the East Side of the said River, between a certain Bridge in the Parish of Denver, in the County of Norfolk, called Denver Sluice, and the Port of King's Lynn, in the said County, and on the West Side of the said River, from Salter's Load Sluice, in the Parish of Denver aforesaid, to a Place in the Parish of Tilney All Saints, in the said County, called Gool, on Be-

half of themselv'es and others, Land Owners charged and chargeable with the Repairs of the said Banks, and also of the several Merchants and Traders, whose Names are also thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others, navigating and using the said River, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Second-mentioned Petition does not come within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, the Application being only for a Bill to regulate the Manner of haling with Horses on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and to make Compensation to the Bank Owners for the Damages they may thereby sustain, and that nil the Bank Owners affected by the Bill are willing and desirous that the same should pass; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in Support of the First-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Second-mentioned Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Bartholomew Ramsey being examined, said. That the Banks or Sea Walls in the Petition mentioned are absolutely necessary to be kept in good Repair to preserve many Thousand Acres of valuable Land against Inundations of the said River from Tides and Floods; and also for confining the Waters of the said River to preserve a Channel for navigating Boats, Barges, Lighters, and Vessels therein — That the Banks are maintained at a great Expence to the Land Owners chargeable therewith, who are liable to heavy Fines, under the Powers of the Court of Sewers for the said County, for any Neglect in the Repairs thereof — That great Controversies and Disputes have frequently arisen between the said Land Owners and the Owners of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and Vessels, on account of haling or towing the same with Horses, or Beasts of Burthen, on the Banks of the said River — That it would greatly facilitate the Purposes of Navigation, if Leave was granted to hale Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, with Horses, or Beasts of Burthen, on the said Banks, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, making proper Satisfaction to the said Land Owners; and the same would prevent further Suits and Controversies between the said Land Owners and Persons navigating the said River.

The House was moved, That the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th Day of 1774, and the 15 th Day of July in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Navigation Bills, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls; And that Sir John Wodehouse and Sir Edward Astley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

4 L A Bill

Terringlon Embanking and Inclosure Bill committed.

Colneis and CarlfordPoor Bill passed.

Middlesex Petition against the Tobacco Act.

Bradford Water-works Bill committed.

Petition for additional Provision referred.

19° Martii. 1700.

A Bill for embanking the Common Salt Marah within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's an.4 Terriygton Saint John's,in the County of Norfolk, anjtj for dividing apd inclosing the same, and other Commons within the paid Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tp Sir Echpard 4stley, Mr. Walpole, Scc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chppher

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Car ford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John W do carry the Bill to the Tords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, convened by Public Advertisement by the Sheriff, to take into Consideration an Act of Parliament, which passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in " lieu thereof," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well apprized that the Sinews of Government must relax without the necessary Supplies, and, although they are at all Times willing and happy to contribute their Share to the Wants of the Nation, yet they cannot behold, but with the deepest Concern, a dangerous Extension of the Laws of Excise, by which considerable and respectable Bodies of their Fellow Subjects are deprived of their inherent and Constitutional Right of Trial by Jury, for a possible Increase of Revenue: And therefore praying the House, That the said Act may be repealed, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco, and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu, thereof," may be repealed or altered.

A Bill for improving and preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Wilberforce, c.: And- they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was Yesterday presented' to the House, and then ordered- to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again fead.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be am Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Bower to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Inhabi- Petitions tants of the Borough of Bexpdley, in the County of ^^fngham Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: and Worces-And also, ter Canal

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and BlU-principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn near to the City of And praying, That the same may not pass info a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing cer- Edmgton in-tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Eding- committed1 ton, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, West Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edmgton, and

Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Philip Hales, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Mr. Speaker’s Reading of the Bill for the better Support of the BU*commie-Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons, te<} and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under die Crown, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the-further Prevention of Delay in Elec- Billtopre-tions of Members to serve in Parliament was, according v* p, D?lay to Order, read a Second Time. committed.9

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That General Murray be added to the Member ad-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring ded V. br,nS. in, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into jvja,s,ne 3,u the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle of Mam.

General

30 Geo. III. 19* Martii. 315

isle of Mann General Mwrrdty presented to the House, according to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Mrtwi"" Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

*e ' into the Extent and Value of certain Eights, Revenues,

and Possessions, in the Isle of Mann: And the same was The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply

received j and read the First Time. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferre<1'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to consider further of the Supply granted to His

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Majesty; upon Monday Three Weeks, the lath Day of April Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-next. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Land Tax a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Gi'eat Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whih they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Petition A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and prin-

Bromsgrove C*P^ Inhabitants of the City of Bath, was presented and Binning- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Peti-baiu Road tion has been presented to the House for Leave to BlU- bring in a Bill, for improving the Turnpike Road

leading from the Town of Birmingham, in -

shire, to Bromsgrove, in Worcestershire-, and that the said Road is, in many Parts, in a ruinous Condition, and so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other without imminent Danger, and various Accidents have happened to Carriages passing along the same; and that the Hills on the said Road require, in many Parts thereof, to be avoided, in 8rder to make the Road more easy of Ascent, which would be much more convenient, safe, and commodious for Carriages, and the Public: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and grand: the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

against the Tobacco Act.

Ways and Means deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Cocoa Nuts The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill deferred. tQ resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving American the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Jr.ade Ml to whom the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force de erre for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was conftnitted;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the several Peti- on Petitions tions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several other Witnesses, and that the Agent for the Petitioners had closed his Evidence in Support of the said Petitions; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wrhole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeremiah Searle do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ripley do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Harding do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Oi-dered, That Mr. Thomas Stevens do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pike do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Hatton do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Spiller do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wilcox do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Persons to attend.

Crown Lands The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

J-S-r resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ers Dill de- . nM1 . A . 9

ferred. upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging " to the Crown, and to sell or alienate’ Fee-farfn and " other Unimproveable Rents;"

Vol. 45.

22° — 24° Martii.

A. 1790.

Luna, 22* die Martii; Anno 30° Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

House ad- 1 ''HE House being met, the Clerk at the Table joums on ae- X acquainted the House that he had received a Deat^o/a* Letter from Mr. Speaker, who was in the Country,

near Relation desiring him to inform the House of the Death of a of the very near Relation, and therefore Mr. Speaker hoped Speaker. the House would dispense with his Attendance upon hia Duty for a Day or Two; and, if it would be attended with no Inconvenience to the Public Business, that the House would adjourn for a short Time.

Whereupon it was moved, That the House would adjourn till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk (to whom those who spoke addressed themselves, according to former Practice in the Absence of the Speaker) by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the RowdeJFord Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe

Heath to the Town of Caine, in the county of ; Bill passed, and for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County erf Wilts; and for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die;

Anno 30* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1790.

PLAYERS.

Mr-SpeaVfr r ' H E House being met, and Mr. Speaker having tbaiik* the X taken the Chair, he returned his humble Thanks Hous* to the House for their kind Indulgence to him.

Rybot’s Di- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-wee Bill ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve thg Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes herein mentioned.

Petition for Mr. M'Domtt reported from the Committee, to Provision in whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, bce*$il7 P°" ^habitants of the City of Glasgoto, was referred; reported’. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to repoit the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Tollbooth, or Common Gaol, of the said City is too small and incommodious, and that it will be necessary to purchase Houses and Areas in order to enlarge the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are- appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow oyer certain adjoining Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the said City, and for giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow for the Benefit of the said City, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging the TollbootK or Common Gaol, of the said City, and for purchasing Houses and Areas for that Purpose.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms, and Marlborough altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Six- 1

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhamptom to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North . Side of Swindon to The Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts; and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads, and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of the The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to Deverill in-whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open closure Bill and Commonable Lands within the Manor of rePorted-

Longbridge, Hussey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the

Bill,

30 Geo. III. 24° Martii.

3 IT

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of 6i/. who had been wrote to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Property in the Lands to be divided and allotted is of the Annual Value of 1,989/.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Tniro Paving A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widen- Bill commit- .1 Jt *. «’ 6 6>r

ing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances: and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Boscawen, Mr. Rashleigh, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition re- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and princi-lating to pal Inhabitants of the Borough of and in

and Bir-0*6 Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the mingham House, and read; Setting forth, That Application Road Bill. has been made to the House for Powers to improve the Turnpike Road leading from Birmingham to Bromsgrove, which is now so narrow, hilly, and inconvenient for Carriages, that it is become extremely dangerous; and that, in order to make the said Road commodious, and of a proper hanging Level, it is conceived that the Course thereof, about the Middle Way between Birmingham and Bromsgrove, should be varied, and taken more in a straight Line, whereby several hollow Ways and Hills will be avoided, and the Road rendered safe for Passengers, several Accidents having happened to Persons and Carriages passing along the said Road, by Reason of such hollow Ways and narrow Parts being suffered to continue: And therefore praying the House to grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cromford Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Canal Bill the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last reported. gession Qf Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the . Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 45.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeh Fields, Mickleover Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste tnclosure Bill Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in commltte the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Stourport Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of ^"rd^[ce9' the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to scour, cleanse, and deepen, the Bed or Channel of presented, the River Severn, from Stourpoj't, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petitions in thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of favour of the Mills on the River Arrow: And also, Birmingham

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town " r„^es' of Chippenham-, BUI

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester:

And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Polebrook Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Inclosure Bill Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the comm,tted-County of Northampton, was. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Langham, Mr. Jolliffe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Keiehlev and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for Road Bill repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding reP°rted-of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain taking more than One Third of the Tolls at One Toll Gate.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 M A Petition

Petition against Wortley Chapel Bill.

Forth and Clyde Navigation Bill committed.

Ouze Haling Paths Bill presented.

Harby Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition against Bradford Waterworks Bill.

318 24° Martii. A. 1790.

A Petition of Henry Smithson, John Blayds, Samuel

Buck, Richard Cotton, John Beckett, James Kenion, William Cookson, Thomas Wade, William Smithson,

Benjamin Wade, John Dixon, John Calverley, Nicholas Smith, John Entzvisle, Joseph Fountains, and George Beaumont, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and of Sir

James Ibbetson, Baronet, John Edmund

Lodge, John Denison, Thomas Lloyd, Henry Scott, and John Pate Nevile, Esquires (who are absent, or resident

at a Distance from Leeds), Patrons of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Leeds, in the County of York, and of Peter Haddon, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage and Parish Church, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from John Smyth, of Holbeck, in the said Parish of Leeds, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the purpose of having consecrated, and of vesting in him arid his Heirs for ever, the Right of Nomination or Presentation to a Chapel lately built in the Township of , in

the said Parish of Leeds, which Application is made by the said John Smyth without the Consent or Concurrence of the Petitioners, or any of them; and, that the Nomination or Presentation to all Chapels of Ease erected within the said Parish, and duly consecrated, doth, of common Right, belong to the Vicar of the Vicarage of Leeds for the Time being, and in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner, the said Peter Haddon, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage, will be deprived of the Right of such Nomination, and be otherwise materially injured and effected thereby, and the Right of the other Petitioners, the Patrons of the said Vicarage, will also be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That Leave may not be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that, if such Bill be brought in, the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law, in such Manner, and at such Time, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Smyth, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wortley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

A Bill for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouset in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for malting Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of Brad-v.

ford, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Gentlemen in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, about Forty-five Years ago, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Town, borrowed a Sum of Money for conveying Water to the said Town from a Coal Drain in Horton, and such Gentlemen being all dead, their Shares have been sold to several Persons, who, the Petitioners apprehend, now wish to make great Advantage to themselves of the Waterworks; and that Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town have, for several Years last, been very badly supplied with Water, and, in order that all the Inhabitants may have equal Benefit, the Petitioners apprehend that several Improvements are necessary to be made in the Works, and that the same ought to be under the Direction of Commissioners, and the Execution of the Act vested in them, with Power to borrow Money for making Improvements, and completing the Works, so as to serve all the Inhabitants, and paying off, to such of the old Proprietors as are dissatisfied with their Security, their Principal Money, and that the Inhabitants ought not to be restrained from bringing other Water to the said Town, and laying Pipes in the Town for such Water, nor should any Person be obliged to pay for the present Water, who does not agree for it; and that the Proprietors give out, that they will apply to Parliament, this present Sessions, for an Act to authorize them to take any Sum, not exceeding 4/. per Annum, for the Water to any Public House, and 1/. i6r. for the Water to any private House, and, if such Act was to pass, the Petitioners apprehend that such Sums would be very oppressive on the Inhabitants of the said Town, instead of being beneficial, according to the original Institution; and that the former Owners of Land in Horton, through which the Water passes to the Town of Bradford (as it was for the Benefit of the Town) permitted the Gentlemen to convey the Water through their Grounds, and the present Waterworks ought to be a Security to the Proprietors for their principal Money and Interest, but such Proprietors ought to be restrained from advancing the Water Rents any higher than will allow 7/. per Centum Interest for their Money, such Rents to be settled by Commissioners fairly and equally upon such Inhabitants as chuse to take it: And therefore praying. That the Execution of the Act may be vested in Commissioners, and such Powers to them given for borrowing Money for the Purposes above, and completing the Works, as to the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel, against the present Bill, and may be allowed to examine Witnesses thereupon at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. 7he **,

mOer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Sf*!?1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one 1 *

intituled,

V

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Bill.

Fife Road Bill.

East Grin-slead Church Bill presented.

Member added to bring in Road, Ac. Inclosure Bill.

Road and Langham Inclosure Bill presented.

Malldraeth &c. Embanking aid Drainage Bill reported.

Accounts from Chamberlain's Office presented.

30 Geo. III. 34° Martil 310

intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City

" Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations of Lond, on the 5th July 1789: And also,

" in North America, and in the West India Islands, An Account of Money received and paid by the

" and the Countries belonging to the United States of Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of

" America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing

" and the Foreign Islands in The West Indiesand Bridge, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1788,

the other intituled, "An Act to allow the Importation exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1789, inclusive:

" of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colo- And also,

" nies or Plantations in The West Indies into the Pro- An Account of Money received and paid by the " vince of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an

" certain Conditions and Restrictions;" without any Act for making a Street or Opening from MoorJieldSj

Amendment: And also, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bishops*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An gate Street, &c. from the 29th Day of 1788,

Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Com- exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1789, inclusive i

munication between Stowmarket and Ipsxvich, in the Afydalso,

County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And An Account of Money received and paid by the also, Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Commons of the City of , to purchase the pre- Bridge, by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirk- sent Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the

caldy, GallaUrwn, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and River Thames, and for other Purposes therein men-

other Roads in the County of Fife; without any tioned, from the 29th Day of September 1788, exclu-

Amendment- sive, to the 29th Day of September 1789, inclusive:

And then the Messengers withdrew. And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleans-East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex: And the same ing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City

was received; and read the First Time. of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c.

within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th Ordered. That Mr. Gilbert be added to the Gentle- Day of September 1788, exclusive, to the 29th Day of men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a September 1789, inclusive.

Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several And then he withdrew.

Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

claim to be entitled to Rights of Common, and other Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Rights and Interests, on Part of a certain Common, or Tabic, be perused by the Members of the House.

Waste Land, lying within the Manor of Road and The said Accounts are preserved amongst the Langham, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts. other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Accounts re-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a the Directors of the East India Company, attended at feting to the

certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes to the House, pursuant to their Orders, omp y*

of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset N° 1. An Account of the Receipts and Disburse-and Wilts: And the same was received; and read the ments of the Bengal Government, from the 1st of May First Time. 1787 to the 30th of April 1788: And also,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. N° 2. An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements

of the Bengal Government, between the 30th of Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to 1788 and the 1st of May 1789: And also, whom the Bill for more effectually embanking the N*3. An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the of the Madras Government, from the 1st of May 1787 County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the to the 30th of April 1788: And also, same, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto, N° 4. An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements was committed; That the Committee had examined the of the Madras Government, from the 1st of May 1788 Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; to the 30th of April 1789: And also, and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- N° 5. An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; of Bomband its Subordinates, from the 1st of May and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,‘and 1787 to the 30th of April 1788: And also, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of directed him to report to the House; and he read the " the Honourable House of Commons, of the 12th Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, " March 1790, requiring an Account of the Receipts with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where " and Disbursements of Bombay, and its Subordinates, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then " from the 1st of May 1788 to toe 30th of 1789

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question And also,

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the N° 7. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock House. at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Bombay, for the last Three Years, exhibiting a ingrossed. State of the East India Company’s Ashirs in respect of their Debts and Assets, as they stood ait Bengal,

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Madras, -and Bombay, on the 30th of April 1787, the toe Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, 30th of April 1788, and the 30th of April 1789; attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at toe Bar, distinguishing eachYear, according to the latest Advices: presented to the House, pursuant to toe Directions of And also,

several Acts of Parliament, N° 8. An Account of toe Quantity of Salt made and

An Account of toe Surplus of the fund for the sold in r the last Five Years; distinguishing

Vo l. 45. each

24° Martii. A. 1790-

each Year, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, for the different Seasons, from 1782 to 1789, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Prime Cost of such Goods from India and China as have been exposed to Sale at the East India Company’s Annual Sales, from the 1st of March 1786 to the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing Quantity and Quality in the Total or Abstract: And also,

N° 11. An Account of the East India Company’s Sales of Goods from India and from the 1st of March 1789 to the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing Quality and Quantity in Abstract: And also,

N° 12. An Account of Quick Stock at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, shewing Debts and Assets on the 30th of April 1786: And also,

N#i3. An Account of the Quick Stock, shewing Debts and Assets for Cfor Four Year; viz. for the 30th of April 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789: And also,

N° 14. An Account of the Quick Stock, shewing Debts and Assets for Bencoolen, for Four Years, viz. 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Paper.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Paper be printed/ as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amonst the other Papers of this Session.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the adjourned Debate on the Motion id Debate11" ma^e uP^n 15th Day of this Instant March, That respecting a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Mustapha Circumstances attending the Execution of Rajah Khan. Mustapha Khan, and by what Authority the said Mustapha Khan was put to Death, be resumed upon Monday Morning next.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-agaLVube* 'n& reso^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tobacco Act to consider further of the several Petitions which have deferred. been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Tobacco ma- Account of the Total Quantity of Tobacco manufactured In Lcmdon ^^in the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, ordered. ’ between the loth of October 1789 and the 10th of March 1790, distinguishing the different Sorts of Tobacco and Snuff into which the same has been manufactured; specifying in what Quantities of each Sort the Credits given by Law have agreed with the Quantities manufactured, or have been greater or less than the same, and in what Proportions.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Mr. Speaker’s itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BLU°WanCe Bffi for the better Sqpport of the Dignity of the Speaker

of the House of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carezv, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River , between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon. Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was recommitted; That the Committee had made one other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the following Letters and Abstract, which were presented to the House upon the 12th Day of January and the 5th Day of March 1765, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

Letter, dated the 25th of July 1764, from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Duke of Atholl,in relation to the Purchase of the Isle of Man; Letter, dated 20th August 1764, from the Duke of Atholl to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in relation to the Sale of the Isle of Man; Letter, dated 12th September 1764, from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Duke of Atholl, in relation to the Purchase of the Isle of Man; Letter from the Duke and Duchess of Atholl to the Commissioners of the Treasury, dated 27th February 1765; and Abstract of the clear

Revenue

Tamer Ferry Bill deferred.

Bill to prevent Delay in Elections deferred.

Streatham Workhouse re-committed Bill reported.

Papers respecting the Isle of Man to be printed.

30 Geo. III. 24’ Mar til. 321

Revenue of the Isle of Ten Years,

from the Year 1754 to the Year 1763, both inclusive.

Petition A Petition of James Holmes and William

Gtrkenwell Proprietors of certain Premises in the Parish of Saint Church Bill. James at Clerkenwell,in the County of , was

presented to' the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling down the " Church of Saint James at , in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and " making a new Church Yard or Cemetery, in the " said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages " thereto;" and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into execution, will be highly injurious to the Interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Land Tax Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Commis- the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing reported Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year u One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," to-

mf '

gether with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Company’s'3 Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the Revenue" whole House, to consider of the several Accounts Accounts ana Papers which were presented to the House upon deferred. the 19th Day of February last, and the 11th Day of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company.

Committee Resolved, That this Honse will, immediately, resolve of Way sand itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Means. sider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

Vol. 45.

they had tome to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regu- Clayworth lating, certain Open Fields, Meadows. Pastures, Carrs, InclosureBdl Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township comm,t e and Parish of Clayworth, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pont, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committeeon solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty- s-,0ners Bill, sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

" Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the " Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other " Unimproveable Rents."

'the House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker lelt the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

revived.

Sir William Do/ben presented to the House, accord- African ing to Order, a Bill to continue for a Time to be slilve limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session Pre®enie(1, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, a*n Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa:"

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Representation of Representa-the Lords of the Committee of Council appointed for {*on.of the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Council re> Foreign Plantations, upon the present State of the specting the Laws for regulating the Exportation and Importation Com Laws, of Corn, and submitting to His Majesty’s Considera- ^fen-ed to tion some further Provisions which are wanting to <-omraittee-amend and improve the said Laws, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of an Act; made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

4 N " An

322 24° — 25° Mart'll. A. 1790.

" An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain; " and also for better regulating the Exportation of " Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed," and to report their Opinion to the House, in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution, and also, what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

of Birmingham, in the County of to communicate with the River S, near to the City of Worcester, be -read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 15th Day of April next.

A Person to attend Committee on Tobacco Act, with his Book,

OtherPersons ordered to bring their Books.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Jones, Excise Warehouse Keeper for Tobacco, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff’, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered, and bring with him his Book relating to the Duty which he has been employed in under the Tobacco Excise Act

Ordered, That the several other Persons, who are ordered to attend the said Committee, do bring with them their Books relating to the Duty which they have been employed in under the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased Cargoes in China, and shipped for Europe, during the last Five PU£*3i*sc<1 Years; distinguishing each Year, according to the ordered!!* latest Advices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 25° die Martii;

Anrfo 30° Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

American Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Trade Bill whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Laws reported. now hi Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly Reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cocoa tsuts Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Hill deferred, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations.

Alfretow A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, tfoacls Bill made in the F.ourtn Year of the Reign of His present committed. Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blaclrwell and Huchiall, through the Town of Sutton

in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Shencood, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wd-mot,the Lord Eardley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-CanSuUr Pose<^» That the Bill for making and maintaining deferred. a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of against themselves, and others, Master Weavers, within the S\"'’e‘'try City and County of the City of Coventry, and County 3^ eaven of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and Liberty of the Tower of London, to Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture in the City and County of the City of Coventry, and County of Warwick; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such Extension of the Provi-.sions of the said Act to be totally unnecessary, and that the same will be attended with Consequences very prejudicial, not only to the Petitioners, and all other Master Weavers within the Limits aforesaid, but to the Silk Manufacture in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Keighley tering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, Boad Bill made for repairing the Road from Keighley, in the pass€<i‘

West Riding of the County of York, to in

Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York, w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for repairing the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York.

01 Ordered,


30 Geo. III. 25° Martii.

353

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Honiton Paving, &c. Petitions reported.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committeej to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Henry Manstone Teed being examined, said, That the Great Western Road from London, and from Portsmouth to Exeter and Plymouth, and to Falmouth, and other Parts of is through the

Town of Honiton, and there are now standing in the Middle of the High Street of the said Town a large old Building, called The Shambles, and certain Dwelling Houses contiguous thereto — That the Entrance into and Passage through the said Town is very inconvenient, and the Streets thereof are badly paved, and not properly cleansed and lighted, and there are many Nuisances and Encroachments in the Streets, by which the Inhabitants ane greatly incommoded, and the Passage through the Town is greatly obstructed, and rendered dangerous to Travellers.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Henry Manstone Teed being examined, said, That several public Roads lying within or leading tQ the said Town are part of Turnpike Trusts, which might be more conveniently widened, paved, and improved, if the same were put under the Management of the Commissioners to be appointed for paving and improving the said Town — That if a Nightly Watch was established therein, and Persons were to be restrained from covering their Houses with Thatch, it would greatly tend to the Safety and Protection of the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for rendering the Passage through the Town and Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, safe and commodious, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Air. Rolle, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Money’9 The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, to

Ported and w^om the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An passed* -Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of James Money, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates to be sold now stand limited to, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Arden do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Abingdon Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom Road Petition the Petition of the several Persons whose* Names are

reported. yOL 43.

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayors Stone, iu Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumto the ancient Horse Road at Swinford,in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notice required to be given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions was not given till the Christmas Quarter Sessions, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation of the Solicitor of the Bill, who, from the Apprehension of his Son’s Death, neglected to give the Notice at the proper Time); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Curtis being examined, said, That for the Purpose of repairing the said Road, a considerable Sum of Money was borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls; and that the Sum of 1,562/. 10$. now remains due, together with a large Arrear of Interest; which Debt and Interest cannot be paid off, nor the Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further. Powers granted. — And the Witness added,

That it will be necessary to have an Increase of Toll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in -the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Slone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County: And that Mr.

Loveden, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually embanking Malldraeth, the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the &c.Embauk-County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the *"8 same, and the inclosed low Lands contiguous thereto, urn passed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed low Lands contiguous thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Cotgrave In-Order, a Bill to confirm and establish the Division, closure Bin Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows. Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Tunstall the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Road Petition Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth sported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committe had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House,

a

Chtadle -Road Bill deported.

Bleatarn Inclosure Bill reported.

324 25° Alarm. A. 1790.

House, of the 25th of April 1774 relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appeared that the said Roads are divided into separate Districts, with Trustees for the Care of each District, and the 'lolls collected are directed to be applied towards the Repair of the Road within the District in which they are collected: Then,

Mr. Theophilus Smith being examined, said, That

there is a Debt of 1,279/. due upon the said First-mentioned District of Road: And,

Mr. Thomas Sparroxo being also examined, said, That the Debt due upon the said Second-mentioned District of Road amounts to 1,000l.; which respective Sums of Money cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the’Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell, to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Admiral Leveson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of tarn, in the Parish of JVarcop, in the County of Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of A 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and -that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors whose Estates are assessed to the Land Tax at 21. 125. per Annum, or thereabouts; and that the whole Property of Persons having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, is assessed to the.Land Tax at 23/. 15. 2 or there-

abouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerks Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w>ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr. Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Militia Pay Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath- Blll> ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stamp Cross Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts, made for Bill, repairing the Roads from Stump to Newmarket

Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of TrumpingUm,next to Shelford, and from

Shelf ord Pound to Wittlesford; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid; and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittlesford, next to Shelford,all in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SamwelPs Act to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Esquire, Name Bill,

(lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas,

Baronet, deceased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dorchester Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of *so much ®oads BilL of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norwich add for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of WattonR«ad an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for ^mend^ amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens meats. Gate, in the County of the City of Nortoich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed Cromford in the last Session of Parliament, for making and Canal Bill maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near passeri‘ to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 13. 1. 38. After " any" to insert " such," and to leave out from " Damage" to " than " in line 40.

Pr. 19. 1. 15. After " hereby" to insert " required."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill w’as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a

Navigable

Deverili Inclosure Bill passed.

Shawbury Roads Petition reported.

30 Geo. III. 25° Martil 32o

Navigable Canal from, or from near to,

Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands within the Manor of Deverili Longbridge, Hussey Deverili, and Deverili, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands within the Manor of Deverili Longbridge, Hussey Deverili, and Monkton Deverili, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the " County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said " County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, " in the County of Stafford, and from aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the " said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid " to Went, in the said County, and from thence to the " Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the'Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Pemberton, Junior, being examined, said, That the Sum of 2,000 Lis now owing on the Credit of the Tolls within the First District comprised in the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said, That the Sum of 1,550/. is due on the Credit of the Tolls of the Second District — That the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wzm, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

V01. 45.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, to Ramsgate . tvhom the Petition of Richard Harvey, Clerk, Vicar 9hapel of the Church of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, ‘nrepor in the County of Kent, and of divers* Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Lawrence aforesaid; was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same* as it appeared to them, to the House; and ne read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Jacob Sawkins being examined, said, That the Tow*ri or Vill of Ramsgate, within the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, is of late Years considerably increased, and likely to increase in Extent of Buildings and in Number of Inhabitants — That the Parish Church is a Mile distant from great Part of *

and is not found sufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and that it would be a very great Convenience to the Inhabitants of Ramsgate to have a Place of Divine Worship within the said Town — That the Church of the said Parish of Saint Laurence is a Rectory Impropriate, within the Diocese of Canterbury, and the most Reverend* Father in God John Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in Right of his See, is seised of the Rectory Impropriate of the said Church, and as Rector is entitled to collate to the Vicarage thereof — That the Archbishop upon the Application of the Vicar and Inhabitants of the said Town, hath approved of having a Chapel of Ease established within the said Town, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof — That John Fagg, Gentleman, being seised in Fee Simple of a certain Piece of Freehold Ground, situate within the said Town, hath lately consented to make a Donation thereof, and the present Vicar and several other Persons have, at their own Expence, caused to be built and erected on the said Piece of Ground a Building intended for a Place of Divine Worship, and to be a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the' said Parish. And the Witness added, That if the said Building was established as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the said Parish, the same would be a great Convenience to all Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Town of Ramsgate, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence,in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of

Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Brett do pre* pare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Counsel or-Inhabitants within the District of Saint James, in the dered>on Pe* Parish of Saint James Clerkcnwell, in the County of cierke^wdl1 Middlesex, now called Pentonville, which was presented Church Bill, to the House upon the 2d Day of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering, more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James,

" at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for " building a new Church, and making a-mew Church " Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto," is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-4 O mittee,

Account of Qargoes purchased in China presented.

Mr. Speak* er’s Allowance Bill reported.

State of African Forts presented.

County Elections Bill presented.

Taunton Society Bill reported.

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heari), attoe same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from the Directors of tin East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the 'Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Af\ Account of the Prime Cost x>f all Cargoes purchased in China, and shipped for Europe, during the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whple House, to whom the Pill for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker ,of the House of Commons, for the Tune being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Home; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once road throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° j. State and Condition of Fort,

dated the 16th of Marsh 1788: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Fort, dated

the 19th of March 1788: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of James Fart, Accra, and Vernons Fort, Pram Prom, dated the 2 2d of March,

1788: And also,

N° 4. State apd Condition of William's Fort, dated the 37th of March 3 788.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read,

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part or Great Britain called England: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Alexander Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for securing a Fund belonging to the Taunton Annuitant Society for the Benefit of 07

A. 1790.

Widows, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Kill for In. allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and raiment of Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant {^sluid Purchasers: And that Mr. Loveden and Mr. Robert wills or-Burton do prepare, and bring in, the same. dered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Longitude Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act to be intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement considered.

" and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries

for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other " useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation,

" and for making Experiments relating thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been Account issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy in referred, pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continutng the Encouragement and Reward of Persons " making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude " at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and " Improvements in Navigation, and for. making " Experiments relating thereto," be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for making, amending, and keeping Fosbrook ip Repair, the Road from Fosbrook, in the Parish’of Koad®*11 Oillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to passe Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for lowering the Toll on Horses,

c. carrying Coal and Lime.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 21. After " Grey," to insert " Sir " Joseph , Baronet,"

1. 33. After " Woolfe, to insert " Thomas Adams, James Beech, William Challiner, John Cruso,

" John Copeland, Walter Hill " Coyney, John Child, Junior,

" Simon Chawner, Simon Debank,

" John Davenport, John Daintry, Michael Daintry, John " Daintry, Junior, William " Emery, Thomas Fenton of 0 Newcastle, Walihal Fenton,

"John FowThomas Fletcher,

" JohnGrosvenor,

" Grosvenor, Thomas Griffin,

" William Heath, Thomas Heath " of Cash Heath, Thomas Hurst,

" Clerk, William Ingleby, John

" Jeffrys, Richard Keys, Francis "Leigh, Thomas Mills, Howard " More ton,

25° Martii.

30 Geo. III.

25* Mardi.

" Morettn, Richard -Phillips of " LHltom, Edward Eastman PickJohn Sargent, Richard

" Sutton, Ralph Thomas

" Snape, John Turner, Thomas " Ward, William Pr. 3. 1. 32. To leave oat " Fifth of April," and insert " Twenty-fourth of May" instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 18. To leave out "or from any of the " Collieries or Coal Works near " or adjacent thereto, in the " said Parish of Pr. 15. 1. 22. To leave out "and a Side Gate at " or near Adderley Mill."

Pr. 42. 1. 28. To leave out " Fifth of April," and insert "Twentieth of May" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, amending, and keepingin Repair, the Road from Fosb in the Parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedk-ton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Persons to Ordered, That Mr. Charles Lloyd Thomas, Mr. attend Com- Taylor, and Mr. Vincent Kenney, Excise Officers at TobaccoAct, Bristol,do, forthwith, attend the Committee of the

with their whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Books. the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti-tituled, " An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu " thereof," may be repealed or altered, and bring with them their Books relating to the Duty which they have been employed in under the Tobacco Excise Act.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the «f Trade of Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Attended at with Se the Door: he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented West India to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Islands, pre- An Account of the Number of Ships, with their sented. Tonnage, which cleared Outwards, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing each: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, which entered in the Ports of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the British West India Islands, in the Years 1788 and 1789, distinguishing each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee of the whole Jioute, to whom it is referred to consider Of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed,

or altered.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second 2<t Reading Reading of the Bill to improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands, within that Part of Great Britain culti-called England; vation Bill

A Motion was made, and' the Question being pro- put off for posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Slx"onl 18‘ Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question: viz.

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, Xcu^nt }’3-

Tellers for the Noea of Mr-tellers for the Noes,| Mr

}32.

instructions in Scotland relating to the Execution of the TobaccoAct, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from die Commissioners of Excise in , attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Orders and Instructions given by the Commissioners of Excise in " North Britain to their Officers, relating to the Execution of an Act for granting certain Duties on " Tobacco and Snuff."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Vox.. 45.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "upon " this Day Six Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from Report ‘Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mean*‘ ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That towards raising the Supply granted to His Rills. Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1791, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment. a

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, j)».

That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be. granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1791, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor

328 25° Martii. A. 1790.

celior of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in the same.

Account of Ordered\That there be laid before this House, an

imported °m -Account of the Money received Annually from the ordered. Duty of One Half-penny per Last upon British Com, imported into the Port of London, and of One Penny upon Foreign Corn, imported into the Port of London, under the Act of- the Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty, and in what Manner the same has been expended.

Returns of Names of Market Towns in England and Wales ordered.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties of England and Wales, do forthwith make out Returns of the Names of the several Market Towns in their respective Counties, including therein the Towns and Cities that are Counties of themselves, and transmit the same to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Rybot’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vorce 11. UpGn tjje ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JVatkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wat kin Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Lloyd Thomas, Mr. Tho- Persons to mas Taylor, and Mr. Vincent Kenney, Excise Officers at atten<1* Bristol, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter Swmscaw do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham have Leave American to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine of Trade Bill the Clock. Pa"ed*

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of so far

as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Slave Trade The Order of the Day being read, for the House to deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Crown Lands Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, deferred, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of " the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm u and other Unimproveable Rents." was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ^afnsfthe* w 'e House, to consider further of the several Peti-Tobacco Act ti°ns which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and u for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as Indemnity have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Bill passed. Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according tq Law, or, having

bean

Sloane Street Paring Bill presented.

Durham

Paving Bill presented.

Honiton Paving, &c. Bill presented.

Glamorganshire Canal Petition reported*

30 Geo. III. 25° — 26° Martii 329

been stamped, have been tost or mislaid, it ml for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry thp Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Martii; Anno 3o° Georgii III'U Regis, 1790. Praters.

MR. Stoane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill 'for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering Stoane Street, and certain other Streets and Places within the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex And the same was received; ami read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tempest presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering- more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering the Passage through the Town and Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, safe and commodious, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places, and for removing and peventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Earl of Plymouth, and the humble- Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April, 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; but that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of July 1789, requiring Notices to be given at the General Quarter Sessions, and also in the public Newspapers, had not been complied with, the Parties making this Application not having been apprized of the same; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

You 45.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition Mr.

Thomas Dadford, a Surveyor and Engineer, being examined, said, That it is practicable to make a Na\i-gable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile, in the County of Glamorgan, to, or near to, the Town of Cardiff, in the said County: Then,

Mr. William Taitt being also examined, said, That the making and maintaining the said Canal will be of great Benefit to all Persons having Lands and Estates within the said County, as it will open Communications with very extensive Iron Works and Collieries, and will also be of public Utility.

Mr. Samuel Homfray confirmed the Evidence of the last mentioned Witness.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie- upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notice may be given, at the ensuing Easter Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Glamorgan, of the Application to Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidville to, or near to, the Town of

Cardiffm the said County, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of July 1789, of Applications intended to be made relative to Navigation Bills.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Mr. Speaker's Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Allowance Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House 1 paiSe of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported Bromsgrove from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the BhTreposted. Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Kinj George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Robot’s Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fender, his now Wife, and to enable him to p

4 P marry

26° Martii. A. 1790.

Goldsmiths

Petition reported.

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Doubts have arisen as to the Meaning of the Proviso in was read the Third Time. the first-mentioned Act, and also as to what Silver Wares

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. are intended by both the said Acts to be excepted

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill from being stamped or marked; and that divers Silver-to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath smiths, and other Persons, who make, trade, sell, or agreed to the same, without any Amendment. deal in Siver Wares, have inadvertently, and without

meaning or intending to offend against the said Acts,

Mr. Samuel Smith reported from the Committee, to or either of them, sold, exchanged, and exposed to Sale, whom the Petition of the Wardens of the Mystery of divers small Articles and Wares made of Silver, being Goldsmiths of the City of London, was referred; That of the Standard directed by Law, and not stamped or the Committee had examined the Matter of the said marked as in the said Acts directed, w hereby divers Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, may have appeared to them, to the House; and he read the been innocently incurred by such Persons and from Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at which it may be necessary that they should be released he Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is and indemnified. — And the witness added, That it as followeth; viz. is necessary that the said Acts should be amended

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an in several Respects, and particularly with respect to Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his the said Provisoes and Declarations; and that other late Majesty King George the Second, for the prevent- Declarations and Regulations should be made respecting Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, ing Silver Wares.

was read, whereby, amongst other Things, it is pro- Orde, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vided and declared, That nothing therein contained alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of should extend to oblige any of the following Wares of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked by the re- intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Frauds spective Companies of Goldsmiths in the said Act " and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares," and also, so mentioned, or any of them; (that is to say) Rings, much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year Collets for Rings or other Jewels, Chains, Neck- of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An lace Beads, Lockets, hollow’ or raised Buttons, Sleeve " Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Buttons, Thimbles, Coral Lockets and Bells, Ferrils, " all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Pipe Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, very small Book " Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made Clasps, any Stock or Garter Clasps jointed, very small " in Great ," as relates to the Marking of Silver

Nutmeg Graters, Rims of Snuff Boxes whereof Tops Wares: And that Mr. Samuel Smith and Mr. Rose do or Bottoms are made of Shell or Stone, sliding Pen- prepare, and brings in, the same, cils, Toothpick Cases, Tweezer Cases, Pencil Cases,

Needle Cases, any Philligree Work, any Sorts of Tip- Sir Williaw Cunynghame reported from the Com- Linlithenw pings or Swages on Stone or Ivory Cases, any Mounts, mittee, to w'hom the Bill to continue the Term, and ^oads Screws, or Stoppers to Stone or Glass Bottles or alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the rfporte Phials, any small or slight Ornaments put to Amber Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his or other Eggs or Urns, any wrought Seals, or Seals late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties with Cornelian or other Stones set therein, or any of Linlithgow and , as relate to the Roads lying

Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold within the County of Linlithgow, was committed; or Silver, so richly engraved, carved, or chased, or set That the Committee had examined the Allegations of with Jewels, or other Stones, as not to admit of an the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Assay so be taken of, or a Mark to be struck thereon. Committee had gone through the Bill, and made without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed or such other Things as, by Reason of the Smallness or him to report to the House; and he read the Report Thinness thereof, are not capable of receiving the Marks in his Plaice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with in the said Act before-mentioned, or any of them, and not the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where weighing Ten Penny Weight of Gold or Silver each. the Amendments were One read throughout; and

Then another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Third, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the House.

all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in ingrossed.

Great Britain, was also read; whereby, amongst other Things it is provided and declared, That nothing in Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according Lutterworth

the said Act contained shall extend to compel any of to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open InclosureBili

the Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutter- Presented-

with the Stamp or Mark directed by the said Act, worth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was

which are particularly excepted in the said first-men- received; and read the First Time.

tioned Act: And, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Benjamin Stephenson, Esquire, being examined, said.

That he was in the Silver Business many Years, and Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House ad-has quitted the same a considerable Time — That he House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. joums to was several Years Chairman of the Committee of the Monday.

Trade of Goldsmiths — That there are divers Sorts of Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to Edington In-Gold and SilverWares, which, though of Ten Penny whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing closure Bill Weight and upwards, will not, by reason of their certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called reporl Manufacture, bear the Touch or Stamp for marking Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, JVist the same; and that there are also some Gold and Silver Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edingr Wares, which, though under the Ten PennyWeight, ton, and Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, will bear the Assay and the Stamp. was committed; That the Committee had examined,

Mr. Thomas Phipps confirmed the above Evidence,- and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of with respect to the Gold and Silver Wares. the 25th of April 1774, relating to Bills of Drainage

Mr. Barnard Gregory being examined, said, That and Ioclo6ure, had been complied with; and that the

Committee

PapistsBeedt and Wills In-jollment Bill presented.

Streatham Workhouse Bill passed.

Lewes and CnckfieldNa-vigatioD Bill reported.

30 Geo. III. 26° Martiu 331

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, mittee had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Bill, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill* concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the and found the same to be true; and that the Commit-Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors tee had gone through the Bill, and made several of Six General Common Rights; and that the whole Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Number of General Common Rights amount to Thirty- report to the House; and he read the Report in his eight; and that there are Thirty-eight Particular Com- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the mon Rights, the Proprietors whereof have all consented; Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to And the House being informed that the several oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Persons who petitioned this House upon the 23d and through the Bill, and made several Amendments 26th Days of February last, praying to be heard, by thereunto, which they had directed him to report to themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and which Petitions were then severally ordered to lie afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, upon the Table until the Report be received from the in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Report One by One; and, upon the Question severally put of the said Bill; thereupon, were agreed to by the House. The said Report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And the Amendments made by the Committee to ingrossed. the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was Mr. Looeden presented to the House, according to disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the

Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inroll-- House; and several Amendments were made, by the ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for House, to the Bill.

Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be received; and read the First Time. ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

OrderedThat the said Bill be read a Second Time A Petition of the Reverend Geoffrey Hornby, Clerk, upon Monday Morning next. Rector of in the County Palatine of Lan- ^dUverpool

caster, Devisee in Trust of the Real Estate of Thomas Navigation An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse for, Heskelh, late of Rufford, in the said County, Esquire, Bill, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the deceased, and Guardian to Thomas Hesketh, an Infant Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, was Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, there is a Bill depending in the House, to enable was read the '1 bird Time. the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ftom Leeds to Liverpool to borrow Money to complete be, An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for and make Variations in the said Canal, and for other the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Purposes, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioner Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for apprehends will be very injurious to such Parts of the appointing an additional Overseer for the better Go- Trust Estates as lie within the Township of Great vemment of the Poor of the said Parish. Harwood, in the said County, and prejudicial to the

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill Interests of the said Infant: And therefore praying, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, and

by Evidence, against the said Bill, and that the same Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, may not pass into a Law.

to whom the Bill for improving, continuing, and Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Table, until the Report be received from the Com-Lezves Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Ex- - Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to tent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the seve- Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Naviga-ral Branches of the said River, all in the County of tion, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Sussex,was committed; and to whom the.Petition of Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, -is the Owners and Occupiers of Estates, and of the committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard.

Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the* by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Navigation of the River Ouse between Newhaven and Petition, if he thinks fit.

Barcombe Mill, in the Parish of Barcombe, in the County Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at

of Sussex-, and also; the Petition of the Commissioners the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the of Sewers for Lewes and Laughton Levels, adjoining said Petition, the River Ouse, and lying between Newhaven and Bar-

'combe Mill,in the County of Sussex; and also, the Pe- A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition*

tition of William Kemp, of South Moiling, near Lewes, Heretors, Burgesses, Householders, or Residenters, in in the County of Sussex, Serjeant at Law; and also, the the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and Petition of William Newton, of Southover, near Lewes, read; Setting forth, That the Magistrates and Town ’ in the County of Sussex, Esquire; and also, the Pe- Counsel of the said City intend forthwith to bring into tition of Thomas Rickman the Elder, of the Parish of Parliament a Bill for extending the Royalty of the Barcombe, and Thomas Rickman the Younger, of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands, for pav-Parish of All Saints, in Lewes, in the County of Sussex; ing, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regu-and also, the Petition of Joseph Mighell, of East Ken- lating the Police of the said City, and for giving certain nett, in the County of Wilts, Esquire; and also, the Power, to the Magistrates of Glasgow for the Benefit Petition of Henry Weston, of Fletching,in the County of the said City, and for other Purposes therein men-of Sussex, Miller, were severally referred; That the tioned; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the First, it will not be for the Interest of the said City, or the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth-mentioned Petitions, and Inhabitants thereof, if the said Bill should be passed had considered the Seventh-mentioned Petition, and into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by that no Counsel appeared on Behalf of the Second Counsel, against the said Bill.

and Third-mentioned Petitions; and that the Coin- A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Vol. 45. Burgesses,

Petition from the Deacon Convener of the Trades in Glasgow against the Glasgow Police Bill.

Hallamshire Cutleis Bill presented.

Dudley Ca* nal Navigation Bill reported.

Dormstone inclosure Bill reported.

332 26® Martii.1790.

Burgesses, Inhabitants, or Proprietors of Lands or mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Houses in the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and in Parish of Dormstone, in the County of was

Behalf of others, Heritors, and Burgesses of the said committed; That the Committee had examined, and City, was also presented to the House, and read; found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the taking Notice of the Application for the Bill men- 25th of April, 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,

.tioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting had been complied with; and that the Committee had forth, That the Petitioners conceive their Property examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same will be injured, and their Rights materially encroached to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given on, if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And there- their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the fore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed Committee (except the Proprietor of 10 Acres, who into a Law, and that they may have such Redress as could not be met with; and that the whole Property to the House shall seem meet. belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure con-

A Petition of JohnM'Caslan, Deacon Convener of sists of upwards of 600 Acres; and that no Person ap«

the Trades in the City of Glasgow, in Name of, and peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and by Appointment of, the Trades House of the said City, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and of the other Persons thereunto subscribing, in made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Name of, and as having Power from, the incorporated directed him to report to the House; and he read the Trades of the said City, was likewise presented to Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the the House, and read; also taking Notice of the Ap- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: plication for the said Bill; and Setting forth, That Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Petitioners are advised that by the Constitution and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the of the City of Glasgow, no Alteration can be made in Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the same, without the Consent of the Three Consti- the House.

tuent Bodies of the Town Council, Merchants House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Trades House, but, in the present Instance, the ingrossed.

Petitioners have declared against the aforesaid Bill, and,

if it should pass into a Law, it will encroach on their Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley Road Rights, and greatly injure their Property: And there- the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keep- Bill reported, fore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves ing in Repair, a Road from Ere Hill, near or their Counsel against the said Bill, that the same ley, to the Inn in the Parish of and

may not be passed into a Law, and that they may have from the Turnpike Road at or near Shut , in the such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall Parish of to the Turnpike Road lead*

seem meet. ing from Dudley to Wolverhamton, in the Counties of

And the said. Petitions were severally ordered to Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, was committed; That lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extend- the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ing the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the certain adjoining Lands; for paving, lighting, Committee had gone through the Bill, and made and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed the Police of the said City; and for giving cer- him to report to the House; and he read the Retain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Benefit of the said City, be brought in with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Question severally- put thereupon, were agreed to by tire Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the House.

the First, intituled, "An Act for the good Order Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" and Government of the Makers of Knives, Sickles, ingrossed.

" Sheers, Scissors, and other Cutlery Wares, in Hal-

" lamshire, in the County of York, and the Parts near Mr. MDmvall presented to the House, according Glasgow

" adjoining:" And the same was received; and read to Order, a Bill for extending the Royalty of the City Police Bill

the First Time. of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands; for paving, Preseuted-

Rcsohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating

the Police of the said City; and for giving certain Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the Bill for effectually carrying into Execution Two the said City: And the same was received; and read Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of the First Time.

His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were this Counsel

the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazetey Canal Day presented to the House against the said Bill, do a‘

Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Staff- lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Riding, ford, was committed; That the Committee had exa- Time; and that such of the Petitioners as desire to mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, be then heard, be true; and that the Committee had gone through the by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which their Petitions, if they think fit.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: said Petitions.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord* the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in Amendments by the House. tituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and vary- to^I"^w,ch

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fog the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His Road Bill put ingrossed. present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road off for Three

from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City Months.

Air. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom of Noto the Windmill in the Town of Watton, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- in the County of Norffo/k.

03 And

2(3° Marii

333

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L 18. Leave out from " Lands" to " and, " I, 21.

1. 30. Leave opt from " Hereditaments" to " and, " 1. 33, and insert " adjoining to or. lying near any Turnpike " erected by virtue of the said recited Act, the same not being a , " public Highway."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Norwich and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill WattonRoad for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Bill ordered. Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of , to the Windmill in

the Town of Witton, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John fVodehouse, Sir Edward , and

Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Miveetyeti Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lTlifecttoti#/ further Prevention of Delay in Elections of Mem-; bers to serve in Parliament

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pye took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had 'directed him to report, when. the House, will please to receive the 'same.; 1 j

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

» . ‘ ’ \ Account of Ordered\ That the Deputy Receiver General of the

Treaty with Hfefrse Cassel.

Isle of Man do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Duties collected in the said Isle

cd in (be Ule of Mao, ordered.

Comipittee of

uppJj.

Accounts, referred. Extraordinaries of tho Army.

Chelsea Oat Tensioners.

Chelsea In Pensioners.

Widows

Pensions.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

from the Year 1764 to the Year 1789, both inclusive, "and a)60 of all Money received for Harbour Dues Herring Custom, and Bay Fisheries, during the same Period;, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Add the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Exigences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1788 to the 24th of December 1789, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1790, approved, by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander ' of His Majesty’s Forces there, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 45.

Account respecting Relief to A merican and East Flo-ridaSufferersi

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty, and the Landgraveof Hesse Cassel, signed at Cassel, the 28th of September 1787; and Translation, which were presented to the House upon the 29th Day of November 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. ios. per Centum per Annum for Six Months, of the Principal Sums remaining unpaid on the several Orders ndade out at the Receipt of the Exchequer pursuant to an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving " Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their " Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy " Dissentions in America, in consequence of their " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government, and for making Compensation " to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties,

" in consequence of the Cession of the Province of " East Florida to the King of which will

become due on the 5th Day of April 1790, together with the Sum of 61. .5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the \ 01b. Day of October 1790, after the same Rate of 3/. 10$. per . Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaiming unpaid, together with 61. 5s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively, he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to, report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning npxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second African Slav® Reading of the Bill to continue for a Time to be Bill coin-limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session' rnitwd* of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, apd amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate,

for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for extending the Royalty Day appoint-of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands; ed for id for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and p?ading6f ' for regulating the Police of the said City; and for p0tk?BilL giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, lor the Benefit of the said City, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 14th Day of

April next. . w.

4 Q A Petition

26° — 29° Martil

A. 1790.

African

Company's

Petition.

A Petition of the Committee of the Cpanpany of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 177S, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled " An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," and that they have invested the Money,

granted in 1789, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts, having been originally ill-constructed, and composed of the very worst Materials, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, and in the necessary Contingent Charges thereof, leaving very little for the Purpose of Repairs, insomuch that most of them had fallen into Decay: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvment, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient for the effectual support and Maintenance . of the said Forts, for such Presents as may be proper to secure the Friendship of the Natives of the Country, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NutsIJiLL to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bill for rai$- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to ing a Sum by Order, a BJU for

raising a certain Sum of Money, by chequerBiUs Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year presented. One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

whole House, to Consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Crown Land* the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an

1 _ sioners Din

Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of dcferrtd.

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate " Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents," was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 29* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgiilir11 Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Common and Waste Grounds, within the Ma- fr^^8* hor of Bleatam, in the Parish of JVarcop, in the County p of Westmorland, was- read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleatam, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for re-building the Parish Church of East East Grin-Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second

rr; _ v Bill COm-

*lme# . mittcct

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Mr. Ford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers Bromsgrow of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year and Birmi«g» of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second* pa*e and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bransgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrowe, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for mis- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Sumaby£ ?rder> a Bdl [or misi£? a further Sum of Money, by or Exchequer Loans or Exchequer Buis, for the Service or the Year Bills pre- One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the seated. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders «f the Day being read;

Way*, and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Means defer- jUg next> resolve itself into a Committee of the

An ingrossed Bill for draining, dividing, and in- F.dington to-closing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, closu',e called Edingtm, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, passt ’ West Heath, and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edington, and Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle. Moor, East Heath, West Heath,

04 and

30 Geo. lit, 29° Marta, 335

and Chyde Batch, within the fratnlet of and

Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Biggleswade The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Com-Koad^BUr to who the Bill to continue the Term, and reported. alter ant* enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Eyneshury,

and Saint Neot’s, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report from Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, who Committee were app0inted to consider of an Act, made in the last consider ° Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for better Com Act. " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and " Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the " Importation of Rape Seed;" and to report their Opinion to the House in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution, and also, what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; bnd to whom the Copy of the Representation of the Lords of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, upon the present State of the Laws for regulating the Exportation and Importation of Corn, and submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration some further Provisions which are wanting to amend and improve the said Laws, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Act, and also the said Representation, and had come to several Resolutions; and that the Committee had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make'to the House, together with the said Resolutions; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee concur with the Representation of the Lords of the Committee of Council, in the General Purport of the 1st, ad, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, loth, and 11 th Propositions.

With respect to the 12th Proposition, Your Committee agree to the First Part thereof; viz. " That " Wheat be permitted to be exported, but without " Bounty, when the Price thereof is between 44s. and " 46*'. and all other Sorts of Com when the Price " thereof shall be in the like Proportion."

Your Committee agree also with the Representation, that the Clause in the Act of the 15th of Charles the Second, Chap. 7, which does not permit the buying Corn to sell again, and the laying it up in Gra naries, except when the several Sorts of Com are Vo l. 45.

below certain Prices therein mentioned, should be repealed.

Your Committee further agree with the Representation, That in order that the Corn Laws may be generally known and understood, the several Acts, or Parts of Acts, now subsisting relative to Corn, and which it shall be thought proper to continue, and such new Regulations as it shall be now thought fit to make; should be consolidated and formed into One Act of Parliament.

The several Propositions in the Represents tion of the Lords of the Committee of Council, before referred to, are hereunto annexed, in Appendix N* 1;

Your Committee, upon Consideration of the Whole! of the Matter referred to them, have codie to the following Resolutions;

Resolved,'1 lrat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Prices according to which Corn and Grain are by Law permitted to be imported and exported, and the Bounty paid, that Part of Great Britain called England bei divided into Districts, according to the Plan of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Iraporta tion and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and " also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, " and the Importation of Rape Seed."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be also divided into Districts, for the like Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Export of any Sort of Com is stopped in any One District, because the Price thereof is above the Export Price, Corn of the same Sort should not be allowed to be carried from thence! Coastwise to any other District, the Ports of which are open for the Importation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Act of the 10th of King George the Third; for Registering the Prices of Com, so far as relates to the Appointment of Inspectors, should be repealed J and that the Registry of Coro, published Weekly in The Gazette, should be- formed upon Averages taken, according to the Directions of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, from Returns made by Inspectors to be appointed in the several Districts and Inland Counties in Great Britain, in the Manner directed by" the last mentioned Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Half-penny per Last be paid on all British Corn imported Coastwise from the Ports of One District to the Ports of another District; and that a Duty of One Penny per Last be paid on all Corn imported from Foreign Countries into all the Ports of Great Britain', and that the Money arising from these Duties be made a Fund for the Payment of the Inspectors, and defraying the other Expences attending these Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Returns and Letters, sent to and from the Receiver of Com Returns to and from the several Inspectors, by the Post, be hot subject to the Payment of the Duties of Postage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inspectors be paid by a certain Allowance for each Return, certified to have been properly made, by the Receiver of Corn Returns.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in case the Returns from any District shall not be completely made, the Importation and Exportation of every Sort of Corn, and the Payment of the Bounty, in that District, shall be governed by the Average Price of the rest of the Kingdom.

f *

Report on Corn Act,

29s

A. 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be empowered, with the Advice of His Privy Council, when Parliament shall not be sitting, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn; and, in like Manner, to permit generally the Importation, on the Low Duties, of any Sort of Foreign Com, whenever the Average Price thereof, taken from the Returns of the whole. Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which Foreign Com is allowed by Law to be imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collector of the Customs, at every Port in Great Britain, do transmit, Weekly, to the Receiver of Com Returns, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Com shipped in such Port to be carried Coastwise; and also, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn brought Coastwise into each respective Port; and that the said Receiver do transmit, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and Scotland, an Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn shipped, to be carried Coastwise from each Port, or brought Coastwise into each Port, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Expence of the Warehouses in which Foreign Com imported is to be lodged, under the joint Lock of the King and the Proprietor, and of the Officers of the Customs attending the same, be defrayed by the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Foreign Com imported, and not warehoused, be not allowed again to be exported.

Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Com, so warehoused, be permitted to be taken out to be ground, by the Importer or Proprietor, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That' it may be expedient to permit the Exportation of Wheat, but without the Allowance of Bounty, when the Price thereof is between and 46; and other

Corn, when the Prices thereof shall be in like Proportion.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties and Bounties, now payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Com, Grain, and Flour, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to encourage the making of Bread and Biscuit within this Kingdom, it may be expedient that a Bounty be allowed upon the Exportation of Bread and Biscuit, in Proportion to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of Wheat.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty now allowed upon the Exportation of Flour, be equalized to the Bounty now allowed upon the Exportation of Wheat.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That the several Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which it shall be thought expedient to continue, for the regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty, together with the Regulations contained in the aforegoing Resolutions, and such others as it may be thought fit to enact, be consolidated into One Act of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that all other Provisions and Regulations, contained in any former Act or Acts of Paniament, for regulating tire Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty, be repealed.

Appendix, N" 1.

EXTRACTS from the Representation of the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, upon the present State of the LaWs for regulating the Exportation and Importation of Com; and submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration some further Provisions, which are wanting to amend and improve the said Laws.

1st That England continue to be divided into Districts, according to the Plan of the Act of last Session; and that Scotland be divided into Districts in like Manner.

2d. That whenever the Export of any Sort of Corn is stopped in any one District, because the Price thereof is above the Export Price, Com of the same Sort should not be allowed to be carried from thence Coastwise to any other District, the Ports of which are -open for the Exportation thereof.

3d. That the Act of 10th III. Ch. 39, for

Registering the Prices of Corn, so far as relates to the Appointment of Inspectors, be repealed; and that the Registry of Corn, published Weekly in The Gazette*, be formed upon the Averages taken, according to the Prices returned by the Inspectors appointed under the Act of last Year."

4th. That a Duty of One Half-penny per Last be paid on all British Com imported Coastwise; and One Penny per Last on all Com imported from Foreign Countries into all the Ports of Great Britain, as is now paid in the Port of London; and that the Money arising from these Duties be made a Fund for the Payment , of the Inspectors, and defraying the other Expiences incurred by this Act; and that the Com Returns, sent by the Post, be not subject to the Payment of Postage.

5th. That the Inspectors be paid, -not by Salaries; as directed by the Act of last Year, but by a certain Allowance for each Return, certified to‘have been properly made by the Receiver of Cora Returns, according to the Act of the 10th Year of Your Majesty’s Reign, Ch. 39.

6th. That in case the Returns from any District shall not be completely made, according to the Directions of the Act, the Importation and Exportation? of every Sort of Corn in that District shall be governed by the Average Price of the rest,of the Kingdom.

7th. That a Power be lodged in Your Majesty, with the Advice of Your Privy Council, during the Prorogation of Parliament, to prohibit generally the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, and, in like Manner, to permit generally the Importation on the Low Duties of any Sort of Foreign Corn, whenever the Average Price thereof, taken from the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which Foreign Corn is allowed by Law to-be imported, if Your Majesty, in Your Wisdom for the Public Benefit, shall so think fit.

8th. That the Collector of the Customs at every Port in Great Britain do transmit. Weekly, to the Receiver of Corn Returns an Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn shipped in such Port to be carried Coastwise; with the Name of the Ship or Vessel, the Name of the Master, and the Port or Place in Great Britain to which the Com was intended to, be carried; and also, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Com brought Coastwise into each respective Port, with the Name of the Ship or Vessel, the Name of the Master, and the Name of the Port or Place from whence it-is brought; and that the said Receiver do, at the End of every Three*

Months,

4

Months, transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland an Account, to be formed and made up in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall approve, of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn shipped to be carried Coastwise from each Port, or brought Coastwise into each Port respectively.

9th. That the Warehouses in which Foreign Corn imported is to be lodged, under the joint Lock of the King and the Proprietor, according to the Statute of the 13th of Your Majesty’s Reign, Ch. 43, be provided at the Public Expence; and that the Officers of the Customs, whose Duty it is to attend those Warehouses, be paid by the Public, as is now practised with respect to the Warehousing of Tobacco.

10th. That Foreign Corn imported, and not warehoused, be not allowed again to be exported.

nth. That Com, so warehoused, be permitted to be taken out to be ground by the Importer or Proprietor, on Condition that he give Bond, not subject to any Stamp Duty, in double the Value of the said Corn, that he will export from the Port where it was warehoused, within Two Calendar Months from the Time of taking out the said Corn, a Quantity of . Flour equal to the Com so taken out, reckoning the Quantity of Wheat Meal, or other ground Com, for every Bushel of such Corn unground, according to the Proportion as it is now settled by Law; or that he will pay the Duty chargeable on the said Com, at the Time that it was taken out of the Warehouse. And that no Importer or Proprietor shall be entitled to the Receipt of any Bounty on any Com or Flour exported by him, until after he has settled his Account of the Com so taken out of the Warehouse, and discharged his Bond.

12. That Wheat be permitted to be exported, but without Bounty, when the Price thereof is between 445. and 465. and other Com, when the Prices thereof shall be in like Proportion; and that Wheat be allowed to be imported into this Kingdom, from Your Majesty’s Kingdom of Ireland only, on the Low Duties, when the Price thereof is at or above 465. and other Sorts of Corn w hen the Prices shall be in like Proportion.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Bill to pre- Mr. Pye, according to Order, reported from the Com-Electionls m’ttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the reported. further Prevention of Delay in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of several Masters, Mates, and Mariners Hull respect- of Trading Ships, and others, in the Town and Port fiscation of" Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, Ships. and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners feel themselves in a Situation of constant Danger of forfeiting the Fruits of their Industry, by the bringing on Board of the Ships in Vol. .45.

which they sail, in Foreign Parts, sacb Goods as may not lawfully be brought to this Kingdom without being duly entered, and as this has been, and may at all Times be done, by such Seamen as will smuggle Goods on Board, without the possibility of preventing it, the Petitioners are as much exposed as the Inhabitants of all the Counties in England would be, were they made answerable for all Robberies committed during the Night: And, as the Petitioners are thus liable to be punished for the Acts of others, without being able to guard against what may be done in their Absence, therefore praying the House to relieve them from this their distressing Situation, which adds constant Anxiety to all the Labour and Hazard of their Employment, by devising such other Remedies against Smuggling as will make the Persons who commit the Crime bear their own Punishment, on Conviction, and not, as at present, the Innocent for the Guilty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Papists cond Reading of the Bill for allowing further Time {?,er.ds.an<1.. for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now- committed, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for securing a Fund belonging to Taunton the Taunton Annuitant Society for the Benefit of s,ciet> Widows, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for securing a Fund belonging to the Taunton Annuitant Society for the Benefit of Widows.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Road and Common or-Waste Land, called Road Common, within Eaugham lathe Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of closur?

Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset comm' e and Wilts,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Alexander Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to confirm and establish the Division, Allot- Cotgrave In-ments, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows, clo>ur? Bill Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the conuuUt Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pierrepont, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Chcadle enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Road.Bl11 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing pdSSt ' and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

4 R and

29® Martii.

Lewes and CuckfieM Navigation Bill passed.

Committee on Longitude Act.

Account respecting Halfpenny Duty on Sales at the Corn Exchange, ordered.

Dormstone Inclosure Bill passed.

Dudley Hoad Bill passed.

338

A. 1790.

and widening the Road from Cheadk to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River , from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuc and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and the several Branches

of the said River, all in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes,to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and also of a Branch of the said River, to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Ftetching, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Honse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of " Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the " Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for

making Experiments relating thereto," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Duty of One Half-penny per Last on all Com sold at the Com Exchange in London, pursuant to an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned; distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill, near Dudley, to the New Inn in the Parish of Pattinglum, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Shut End, in the Parish of Kingswinford, to the Turnpike Road

leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stwas read the Third

Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill, near Dudley, to the New' Inn in the Parish of Patting ham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Shut End, in the Parish of Kingsxoinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Wor-

cester, Salop, and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for effectually carrying into Exe- Dudley cution Two Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Canal Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for effectually carrying into Execution Two Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal . Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Senhouse Wil- Accounts of son, Deputy Receiver General of the Isle of Man, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at jgie of Man, the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presented. Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue of Customs collected in the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1765 to the 5th of January 1790; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Revenue of the Harbour Fund, and Herring and Salmon Fisheries, of the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1771 to the 5th of July 1789; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Revenue of the Harbour Fund, and Herring and Salmon Fisheries, of the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1771 to the 5th of July 1789; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Revenue arising from the Herring and Salmon Fisheries of the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1765 to the 5th of July 1771; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

An the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts' do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Day appoint-whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors for receiv-of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary o„gj^eds *c. the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a Navigation ’ further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing BilL the said Canal Navigation, was committed, be received upon this Day Fortnight, the 12th Day of April next.

Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, accord- Norwich and tag to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an ifatV)‘L„ Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens p Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of 07 Norfolk:

29® Ma

339

Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Terrington

Embanking

— That it prevents the Manufacturer from supplying his Customer sometimes for several Weeks, being obliged to declare the whole Parcel finished before he dare use any Part of it — That it puts a total Stop to every Improvement in the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff, as it restricts the Manufacturer in his Returns to certain specified Quantities, although, from the

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee,

_ to whom the Bill for embanking the Common Salt ind Inclosure within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement’s

repo and Terrington Saint John’s, in the County of Norfolk, great Difference in Point of Quality and Dryness of and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Leaf Tobacco, the Returns must be very various, and Commons within the said Parishes, was committedit is not in the Power of the best experienced Manu-That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

facturer to say, with Certainty, what Returns may be produced till manufactured; and that it is the Opinion of the Petitioners that an Excise Law is totally inap-

Rie Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of plicable to the Manufacturers of Tobacco, an Article

5 Common Rights, who refused to 6ign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of to Common Rights, who declared themselves Neuter, or were Abroad; and that the whole Number of Common Rights consist of 112) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

which undergoes such Variety of Alterations in the Process of Manufacture, and it is also their Opiqiou that no Law will ever be effectual in raising a Revenue on Tobacco, while the Duties are near Five Times its Value: And therefore praying, That the

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they sa'd Act may be repealed, and the Duties on Tobacco

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

reduced, as the only Means to prevent the Ruin of the Manufa<^are of Tobacco and Snuff in this Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* to whom it is referred to consider of the several Pe-

Ceunty Elections Bill committed.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by titions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Petition for cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Leave 10 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to con- e"

tinue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the amend the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Hitchinlload Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Act*

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for whole House, upon the said Bill. repairing and widening the fyoad from Shefford

Post to the Turnpike Road at in the County

AfricanSlave Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read;

Bill deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, Votes, that, by an Order made in the early Part of and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- this Session, the Time for presenting Petitions for ment, intituled, "An Act to continue for a limited Private Bills was limited to the 5th Day of this " Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Instant March; and that the Trustees for the Care of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited the said Roads, finding it necessary to apply to the " Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British House, to amend the said Act, did, before the Time " Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read. limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, agree

And the said Order being read accordingly; upon, and sign, a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday for that Purpose, and gave Directions for having the Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. same presented, but, from some Mistake, the Petition

was not sent up early enough to be presented within A Petition of the Manufacturers of Tobacco and the Time limited for presenting Petitions for Private Snuff in the Town of Ayr, North Britain, was presented Bills; and that it will be of great Benefit to the several to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act Counties through which the said Road leads, and to of the last Session of Parliament, the Manufacturers the Public, that the said Act should be amended in of Tobacco and Snuff were subjected to the Laws the present Session of Parliament: And therefore of Excise, and, by the said Act, the Mysteries of the praying, That Leave may be given to present the said Petitioners Trade are exposed to the Knowledge of Petition in the present Session of Parliament, notwith-the Officer and the Smuggler — That it imposes Rules stading the Time for presenting Petitions for Private and Regulations on the Manufacturers which cannot Bills is expired.

be conformed to, and consequently subjects the Peti- Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given, tioners to Fines and Forfeitures which they can neither Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be foresee nor prevent — That it compels them, in many given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Cases, to a total Change in their Mode of Manu- Trustees.

facture, to the great additional Expence and Incon- Then a Petition of several Trustees for putting in Hitchinlload venience of the Manufacturer, as well as the Danger Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Petition, of the Loss of his Customer — That the numberless Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and Notices, Declarations, Request Notes, &c. required the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the said Law, occasions Delays and Interruptions, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of quite inconsistent with the Nature of Trade, and must Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from tend to the Ruin of the Manufacture in ^this Country Saint Albans to , and from Shefford Way Post

Vol. 45. " to

Ayr Petition against the Tobacco Act.

S9° Ma

A. 1790.

East India.

Accounts

ordered.

to the Turnpike Road at Hcnlotv, in tire County of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extract u. Beilford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-six ries of the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, thousand Four hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Twelve Arni-V-That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred which still remains due, and the Petitioners find that from the 25th Day of December 1788 to the 24th the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Day of December 1789, and not provided for by Money due be repaid, unless the Term of the said Parliament.

Acts is further continued, and some further and other Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ChelsralVn. Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty sionerb-may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nine-Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the teen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, said Acts, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners

of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, lor the Year 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pensions to That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred Widows, and Ninety-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ScotchRoadi That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight and hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new1 Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hessian That a Sum. not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and Subsidy. Ninety-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted 1786, and the Amount ot Customs, Freight, Demorage, to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Subsidy, and Charges ol Werchandize, paid thereout. which will be due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an for the Year 1790, pursuant to Treaty.

Account of the Net Value of Goods from India, re- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Adrian W maining unsold on the istot March 1765, and the Net That the Sum of Two hundred Thirty-eight thousand and East ld

Value of Goods from India, remaining unsold on the Two hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Nine-Shillings Florida:*/-' ‘' ‘ and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, ferws*

House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. F turner, Mr. Gilbert, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at' Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ^Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the 1st of March 1785 and the 1st ot March 1780, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, Demorage, and Charges ot Merchandize, paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales ol Good lrom the Rust Indies, between the istot Murch 178.5 and the 1 st of March

1st of March 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Value of Goods, remaining unsold in the W arehouses of the East India Company on the 1st of March 1784, and the 1st of March 1785, and on the 1st of March Year; together with an Account of the Value of Tea purchased in Europe between the above Periods, and the Amount remaining unsold on the 1st of March 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

for the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1790, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth 1790, distinguishing each Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief " " " " to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and

Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King

W;<i

Account of Stock, by Computation, of the of Spain.

steport

Supply.

Company, from the 31st of January 1789 to the 31st Januay 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account explaining the Profit and Loss of the East India Company, from the 31st of 1781 to

the 31st of January 1789, and their Accounts, now before the House, stating the Balances in 1781, 5,536,502 /., to be in Favour of the Company, and the Balances in 1789, 6,719,056/., to be against the Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in Itidia, betw cen the 30th of April 1788 and the 30th of 1789, agreeable to the Orders of 15th September 1785 and 31st July 1787.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as followed!; viz.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order reported from the Cow* Vm Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill r^nti charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to Land Tax put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, Commissio#. intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Ma- ersBl,!l

O Jj noccpQ

" jesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised m Great Brilairf, v " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

" hundred

'ij

hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read the Third Time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Names of the Persons inserted therein as Commissioners for the City and County of the City of Gloucester.

And the Question being put, That the Name of Thomas Ady, Junior (being the First Name on the List of such Commissioners) stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

| Mr. John Pitt, I Tellers for the Yeas, ! Mr. Alderman Le ! 33.

|: J

Tellers for the Noes |CaPtain Berkeley, \

1 euers for the INoes, \Ur. 37*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Residue of the Names contained in the said List of Commissioners, for the said City and County, stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-- eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of t'.o Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West was read a Second

Time.

Vol. 45.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the several Laws therein men- Expiring tioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Laws Bill Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im- comnmted. portation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such. Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen* employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Debate o« joumed Debate on the Motion made upon the 15th Motion re-Day of this Instant March, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Circumstances attend- resumed, ing the Execution of Rajah Mustapha Khan, and by w’hat Authority the said Mustapha Khan was put to Death.

And the House w&s moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act to proceed, by Commission of Oyer and Terminer, against such Persons as " shall confess Treason, See. without remanding the " same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was " committed," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better llegulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in " India', and for establishing a Court of Judicature " for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons " accused of Offences committed in the East ," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as irv " Europe J might be read.

And the 3ame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Appendix,

N* 1, C. to the Supplement to the Second Report from the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Debate be further adjourned till 'Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Circumstances attending the Execution of Rajah Mustapha Khan, and by what Authority the said Mustapha Khan was put to Death j

4 S The

342 29® — 30* Matin. A. 1?90.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^7} «

TeUers for the Noes, {J£

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee And the House having continued to sit till after on Petitions Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Tobacco Act Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve deferred. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Ordered, That the several Persons, Who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the said Committee this Day.

LordCrevea’s Ordered, That Sir Georgs Augustus William Petition burgh have Leave to make a Motion, against Co- And he moved the House accordingly; and presented yentry Pav- to the House,

A Petition of the Eight honourable William Lord

Craven.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the public Wells and Pumps, within the said City and Suburbs; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, 1'hree additional Turnpikes have been laid on different Roads leading to Coventry, with considerable Duties and Tolls on Carriages and Horses, a large Proportion whereof will fall on the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the County of Warwick, whereas the Expence of paving, lighting, and improving the City of Coventry has hitherto been paid, and ought to be paid, by the Inhabitants of the said City; and that an additional Turnpike, near the Petitioner’s Estate, with additional Tolls, was added in the Committee on the said Bill, and the Petitioner has a large property in the County of Warwick, in the Neighbourhood of the said City, but bad no Notice whatever of the said Bill, or that himself, or his Tenants, or any other Persons interested, were to be affected thereby, until after the same had passed the Committee; and, the Petitioner is informed, that the Owners of other great Estates in that Neighbourhood have had no Notice of the said Bill, and that there are many exceptionable Clauses in the Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect him.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Mariis, 30* die;

Antto 30* Georgii Iiru Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

R. Stephens presented to the House, according Rams^fe to Order, a Bill for establishing a Chapel at cfiaPel Ml Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence, irt the Isle pre!eilk of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Edse to the Church of the same Parish; And the same was received: and read the First Lime.

Rcsoltied, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Smith presented to the House, accord- Goldsmith* ing to Order, a Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Idte ‘

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in " Gold and Silver Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all " Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain " Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made " in Great Britainas relates to the marking of Silver Wares: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tims.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, Seventh Pr-appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination Port of of such Witnesses as shall be produced on the Part of ‘l|

the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and who Abolition^ Were impowered to report the Minutes of such Exa- SIa,e mination, from Time to Time, to the House; That Tra<if‘ the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and hnd directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Bill for rendering the Passage through the Town Honiton and Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, safe Paving.*, and commodious, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, Rl11 and watching the Streets and other Places, and for mtt removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An iogrossed Bill for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's Emiraniin.’ and Terrington Saint Johns, in the County of Norfolk, ®"{j an!! for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's and Terrington Saint John's, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons witlijn the said Parishes.

Ordered,

Cocoa Nuts Bill passed.

Sloane Street Paving Bill commuted.

HilchiuRoad

r._ FctltlOO tf polled.

Ordered, That Sir John fVidehpuse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L 5. After " paid " to insert by the " Collector of the Port or Place " in such Colony, Province, of " Plantation, where the said Duty " shall have been levied, to the " public Treasurer or Receiver " General of such Colony, Province, or Plantation respectively, " to be paid."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

nience to thd Public if the Repair of the Roads were put off till another Year.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notice may be given, at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, of the Application to Parliament for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Prevention of Delay Bill to pre-in Flections of Members to serve in Parliament, was ve"t. read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P be, An Act for the further Prevention of Delay in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Cawtborne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Report Loa-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- 6>tude Act

A Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-first watching, and watering Sloane Street, and certain other V ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Streets and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, " An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Se- " of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding cond Time. " the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Dis-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, " coveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Af- " making Experiments relating thereto," the Resolution ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s which the Committee had directed him to report to the Chamber. House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom read; and is us followeth; viz. the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth be applied out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of Year of the Re.^gn of His present Majesty, for repair- the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, ing the Road from Hilchin. in the County of Hertford, towards encouraging and rewarding such Person or through SheJJord, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Persons who shall make any Discoveries for finding

Albans to Bedford, and from Shefford JVay Post to the the Longitude at Sea, which though they do not Turnpike Road at Hetilow, in the County of Bedford, entitle the Discoverers to the greater Rewards specified and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was re- in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign ferred; That the Committee had examined, and of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the " Repeal of all former Acts, concerning the Longi-25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not " tude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to been complied with, the Trustees not being apprized " the Appointment and Authority of the Commis-of the Necessity of applying to Parliament till January " sioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as last, when it appeared to them, at a Meeting, that the " relate to the constructing, printing, publishing. State of the Roads was such as to require a considerable " vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and Sum of Money to be immediately laid out to put them " other useful Tables, and for the more effectual in Repair, and they thereupon caused Notices of the " Encouragement and Reward of such Person and present Application to be published Three Times in " Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the the Cambridge Newspapers, in the Months of February " same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Naviga-and March; and that the Committee had examined " tion, and for the better making Experiments relating

the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him " thereto," yet may be adjudged, by the Commis-to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the sioners for the Discovery of Longitude, at Sea, to House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- be of considerable Use to the Public, add also such wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Person or Persons as shall make any other useful same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the towards the better making of Experiments relating said Acts were read: And, thereto, subject to the same Directions and Regu-

Mr. Daniel Times being examined, said, That the latioas as are for the like Purposes contained in the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and that the said Acts.

Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and it will The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, require a very considerable Sum of Money to put upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the them in good Repair; and that the Income of the House.

present Tolls is not sufficient for that Purpose — Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said That it will be necessary to increase the Tolls, and Resolution: And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord Hood, to borrow the Sum of 3,000l. upofh the Credit and Captain Gardner, -do prepare, and bring in, the thereof, to be forthwith applied towards repairing the same.

said Roads, as the prosent Season is the most proper Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen for that Purpose; and it w ould be a great Iucanve- who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said* Vol. 45. Bill,

Bill, That they do make Provision therein for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

Bill for rais- A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans Loanf'or* or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read a Second Bills com- Time.

nutted. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee , of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Bill for rais* A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans iuga further or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One LoansorEx- thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read a Second chequer Bills Time.

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Crownlandi Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty- deferred, sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to " enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

" Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown,

" and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent, the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarice's Hydrometer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill respecting Seizures ‘ commuted.

A Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Leese, from the Tobacco ma- Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he London"*1 was ca"ed >n i and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presented. pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Quantity of Tobacco manufactured within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, between the 10th of October 1789 and the xoth of March 1790, distinguishing the different Sorts of Tobacco and Snuff into which the same has been manufactured; specifying in what Quantities of each Sort the Credits given by Law have agreed with the Quantities manufactured, or have been greater or less than the same, and in what Proportions.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for. granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Hie said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1 PaPlsU upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment ^Ua^InruU. of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief ment Bill of Protestant Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Voices to Committee ou Bedford Churity JPiUiion.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom toe Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Freemen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, is referred.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the on ®eP!m Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " better regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for "better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and " the Importation of Rape Seed; " and to report their Opinion to the House in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution, and also what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respec* ing the Importation and Exportation Corn and Grain.

Mr.Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramstontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they hud come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. i

A Bill

ll*i

Mligj

30 Geo. III.

30° — 31 °Martii.

34$

Stoarport and Worcester Navigation Bill committed.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to scour, cleanse, and deepen, the Bed or Channel of the River Severn, from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called near the City of

Worcester, was read a Second Time.

a I-

IQ ‘lr

re

ie

A

ot

do

k

ft

usefe

ise.

A Person to attend Committee on Tobacco Act.

tee,

id

iia

lae

Of

be-’1'

m

}0Oc

'it

Of

;n

x

ir

is

!o

15

Afternoon, at Five of thfi Clrick, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to Chhtinue the Term, arid alter Biggleswade and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year MBagden? of His present Majesty, for rep^ring the Road £1*001 Road8 Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden paM* ’

Mr, Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Sales do, forthwith, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been

and Alconbury, to the Top of Hill, and from

Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Roadj' at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of to

and through Little Barford, and

praying . Parliaon

"An Act for repealing the and Snufr', and for granting

Committee on Petitions against the

R»b«ccoAct.

presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross that the Act, passed in the last Session of was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to co tinue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His

‘arliament, intituled,

" Duties on Tobacco " new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in present Majesty, for repairing the Road from -

♦Ke last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act wade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from ~ -- '"may be to and from to Great

Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Hoad leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint ,to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Land.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbrook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act wade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and

>nuff, and " ~

" for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several other Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said. Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31* die Martii;

4

Anno 30* Georgii -111*" Regis, 1790.

Praters.

The Lords have agreed to

Colneis and Cariford Poor Bill.

Durham Paving Bill committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition1 thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed for putting agaiuat in Execution, and also, of the several Persons whose an<*

Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others Creditors under, Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in th6 Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late’ Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mto Povey Cross,

and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tad-worth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, and the other passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by the above-ntentioned Act, and for empowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford George the First, for repairing several Roads in the

and Mr. Walker: Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a Yearly Al-

Mr. Speaker, lowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for

Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees

within the Hundreds of Colneis and Cariford, in the appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the' County of Suffolk; without any Amendment. First, and putting them under the Direction of the

And then the Messengers withdrew. Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Twenty-

eighth of George the Second, and for repairing the A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, Road from Pooey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, Passages and Places within the City of Durham and and also the Road from Woodhatch, to Peteridge Lane,

Borough of Franrwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering more gommodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tempest, Mr. Lambton, &c.: And they are to meet this Vol. 45,

in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe; by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Repairing and widening the Road from Parley Comer, beyond Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through to the Borough of Reigate, and fromr Godstone, by Redstone House, in the said County, through the Borough of Reigctte, to Wonham Mill Gate, and to Buckland Church, in the said County; and that a' large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the

4T - Credit

Bradford Waterworks Bill reported.

Edinburgh Gaols Petition reported.

346 31° Martii. A. 1790.

Credit of the Tolls, arising by virtue of the said Acts, of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and Tenth of His present Majesty, which hath been expended in making and repairing the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, particularly the Roads from Sutton, through the Borough of Reigate, hut some small Part of the said Roads still remains to be repaired; and that, by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, the Trustees for putting the same into Execution are to allow to the Trustees of the before-mentioned Act the Yearly Sum of 900 L, in Lieu of any Share of Toll, to arise by virtue of the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, which Sum is to be applied to repairing the above-mentioned Roads; and that the Petitioners, and others (Creditors as aforesaid) relying on the Faith of Parliament, advanced their Monies on the Credit of the said Tolls of the Reigate Trust, which Tolls, together with the Allowance from the said other Trust, are barely sufficient to pay the Interest of the Monies borrowed, and to keep the said Roads in Repair, and, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law it must manifestly be a great Injury to the Petitioners, and others, Creditors on the said Reigate Trust: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

Mr. Wilbeiforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for improving and preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, ana Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Bradford in the M’est Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, and of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the respective Counties of Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow, Peebles, Fife, Stirling, and Clackmanon thereunto subscribing, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Tot prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Gray, Esquire, being examined, said, That it is ne-

03

cessary to build and erect a new Prison within or adjacent to the City of Edinburgh, for confining and detaining of State and other Criminals, and also a Prison for Debtors and Persons guilty of Petty Offences, committed within the said City and County of Edinburgh — And that it is also become absolutely necessary to build and erect a Bridewell or House of Correction, within or adjacent to the City of Edinburgh, for the Punishment of idle, refractory, and profligate Persons, within the said City and County —

That a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary to be raised by Assessments, for the erecting the said Buddings, as well as for a proper Establishment, and for keeping them in proper Repair-'-That in so far as concerns the said House of Correction or Bridewell, and appointing Persons to be confined there, and transmitting them for that Purpose, it will be necessary to give additional Powers to the Sheriff,

Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates, of the said City and County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building and maintaining a new Gaol, Bridewell, and House of Correction, in and for the City and County of Edinburgh: And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Mr. Henry Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. TVilberforce presented to the House, according Leeds Water to Order, a Bill for better supplying the Town and anJ1 Ligtoiif Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with M ater; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- agaiiwBd holders, and Inhabitants, of Ten Parishes, without the Parish and Limits of the Town and Borough of Deal, but within, the Custom House Limits of the Port of Deal, in the Eastern Part of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; qnd Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, a Duty is proposed to be laid upon all Sorts of Coals, Coke, or Cinders, which shall be imported or brought into, landed, or delivered, within the Limits of the Port of Deal, or brought into, or carried througii, the said Town and Borough of Deal, above all other Impositions and Duties payable for Coals, Coke, or Cinders, by virtue of any law now in Force; and that the Limits of the Town and Borough of Deal are coextensive with the Parish of Deal, but the Custom House Limits of the Port of Deal extend many Miles without the Limits of the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parish of IVaimer, and Three other Parishes, abut on the Sea (as well a? the Parish of Deaf) within the Custom House limits of the Port of Deal, but are not within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the Town and Borough of; and that, for several Years past, Coals have been landed in the said Parish of JValmer, few supplying the Country adjacent to Deal, but no Coala are. landed in any of the said Nine other Parishes, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, it will subject the Peti* tioners, and a great Number of other Persons, some of whom carry on very considerable Manufactories, and Annually consume great Quantities of Coals, which are not landed at, or carried through, the Town or Borough of Deal, to the Payment of a

Tax merely for the Improvement of the said Town, from which the Petitioners cannot derive any Advantage whatever, as they will not pass over, with their Coals, Coke, or Cinders, any Part of the new intended Pavement, nor will the said Parish of IVaimer, or the said Nine other Parishes, be in any ways benefited by the said Pavement, and, the Petitioners also conceive, that there are several other Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if carried into a Law, will be , very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore

I praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or

! Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be

( injurious to them, and that all Coals, Coke, and

Cinders, not landed, consumed in, or carried through, the Town and Borough of Deal, may be exempted from all Hates, Duties, or Impositions, to be laid or imposed by virtue of the said Bill, j Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

! fcrryBiU. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Regi-' nald Pole Carezo, Esquire, to establish and maintain a

Common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon,

and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob,

otherwise Antony in the East, 'in the County of Cornwall;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the

? Committee to whom the Petition of the Right ho-

nourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and the 1 humble Petition of Reginald Pole Carew, of East An-

tony, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Hariiyla- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to closure Ml whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open reported. Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 8 Oxgangs and an Half of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 96 . Oxgangs and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

' Vol. 45.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

A Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Deal Paving Highways, Streets, and Lanes, Within the Town and Billcommit-Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for re- ted* moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Brett, Mr. Stephens, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons Petition re-whose Names are thereunto fpbscribed, being Gentle- ^nd men, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of Ten Pa- °F* rishes without the Parish and Limits of the Town and Borough of Deal, but within the Custom House Limits of the Port of Deal, in the Eastern Part of the County of Kent, which was this Day presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That*it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of the Balance of the Reve- Customs of nue of Customs of the Isle of Man, from the 5th of L® *,? . July 1765 to the 1 oth of October 1784. *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Distillery Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manu- Petitions facturers residing in or near the Town of Dudley, in atainst the the County of Worcester: And also, MaWorc*

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers and Inter ettnai habitants of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County Bill, of IV brccsler :And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers residing in or near the Town of,

in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House,. and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in

the

348 31° Marl'll A. 1790.

the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern near to the City of W; And praying, that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table* until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts re* The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from

Utive to the the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Company* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-presentedL sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* l. An Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the ist of March 1785 and the 1st of March 1786, and the^ Amount of Customs, Freight, Demorage, and Charges t)f Merchandize, paid there* out: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Sales of Goods from India, between the 1st of March 1785 and the 1st of March 1786, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, Demorage, and Charges of Merchandize, paid there* out: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Net Value of Goods from India, remaining unsold on the 1st of March 1785, and the Net Value of Goods from India, remaining unsold on the 1st of March 1790: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Net Value of China Goods, remaining unsold in the Warehouses of the East India Company on the 1st of March 1784, on the 1st of March 1785, and on the 1st of March 1790, distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Value of Tea purchased in Europe between the above Periods, and the Amount remaining unsold on the 1st of March 1785: And also,

N° 5. An Account of Stock, by Computation, of the East India Company, from the 31st of January 1789 to the 31st of January 1790: And also, -N° 6. An Account explaining the Profit and Loss of the East India Company, from the 31st of January 1781 to the 31st of January 1789, and their Accounts, now before the House, stating the Balances in 1781, 5,536,502/. to be in Favour of the Company, and the Balances in 1789, 6,719,056/. to be against the Company: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between the 30th of April 1788 and the 30th of April 1789, agreeable to the Orders of 15th September 1785 and 31st July 1787.

Together with a list of the said Accounts.

Ana then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 19th Day of February last, and the 11th Day of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

PapituDted* Ordered, That Mr- Loceden do make the Report and Will* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

{"" the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

r 1,0 Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed.

Mr. Loceden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which ' the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do make the Report !Report from the Committee of the whole House, to respecting whom it was referred to consider of the Report which ComAct-was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for better regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and: Exportation " of Com and Grain; and also for better regulating " the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of " Rape Seed," and to report their Opinion to the House in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution, and also, what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were rea?>; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Prices according to which Corn and Grain are, by Law, permitted to be imported and exported, and the Bounty paid, that Part of Great Britain called England he divided into Districts, according to the Plan of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain; and also " for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and " the Importation of Rape Seed."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be also divided into Districts, for the like Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whenever the Export of any Sort of Com is stopped in any One District, because the Price thereof is above the Export Price, Corn of the same Sort should not be allowed to be carried from thence Coastwise to any other District, the Ports of which are open for the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act of the 10th of King George the Third, for Registering the Prices of Corn, so far as relates to the Appointment of Inspectors, should be repealed; and that the Registry of Com, published Weekly in The Gazette, should be formed upon Averages taken, according to the Directions of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, from Returns, made by Inspectors to be appointed in the several Districts and Inland Counties in Great Britain, in the Manner directed by the last mentioned Act

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Half-penny per Last be paid on all British Com imported Coastwise from the Ports of One District to the Ports of another District; and that a Duty of One Penny per Last be paid on all Com imported from Foreign Countries into all the Ports of Great Britain; and.that the Money arising from these Duties be made a Fund for the Payment of the Inspectors, and defraying the other Expences attending these Regulations

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Returns and Letters sent to and from the Receiver of Com Returns, to and from, the several Inspectors, by the Post, be not subject to the Payment of the Duties of Postage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' That

30. Geo. III. 31° Mar tlx. 349

That the Inspectors be paid by a certain Allowance for That it is expedient, that all other Provisions and each Return, certified to have been properly made by Regulations, contained in any former Act or Acts of the Receiver of Corn Returns. Parliament, for regulating the Importation and Exporta-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tion of Corn and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty,

That, in case the Returns from any District shall not be repealed.

be completely made, the Importation and Exportation The said Resolutions being severally read a Second of every Sort of Corn, and the Payment of the Bounty, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, in that District, shall be governed by the Average Price agreed to by the House.

of the rest of the Kingdom. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolutions: And that the Marquis of Graham, Mr.

That His Majesty be empowered, with the Advice of Strutt, Mr. Bramston, and Sir John do

His Privy Council, when Parliament shall not be sit- prepare, and bring in, the same,

tingj to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the

Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn; Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Longitude and, in like Manner, to permit , generally the Importa^ Order, a Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Bill pte-tion, on the Low Duties, of any Sort of Foreign Corn, Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for sent*‘ ’ whenever the Average Price thereof, taken from the Re- finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful turns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for or above which Foreign Corn is allowed by Law to be making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a imported. Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Dis-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, covery of the Longitude at Sea: And the same was

That the Collector of the Customs, at every Port in received; and read the First Time.

Great Britain, do transmit, Weekly, to the Receiver Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* of Corn Returns, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn shipped in such Port, to be carried Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Crown Land* Coastwise; and also, an Account of the Quantities of port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Commission* the several Sorts of Corn brought Coastwise into each the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth *^>orted. respective Port; and that the said Receiver do transmit, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in " An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into England and Scotland, an Account of the Quantity of " the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and the several Sorts of Corn shipped, to be carried Coast- " Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to sell wise from each Port, or brought Coastwise into each " or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents,"

Port, respectively. was committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the That the Expence of the Warehouses in which Foreign said Committee, the Amendments which the Coin-Corn imported is to be lodged, under the Joint Lock of mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had the King and the Proprietor, and of the Officers of the directed to be reported to the House; and he read Customs attending the same, be defrayed by the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Public. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

That Foreign Corn imported, and not warehoused, be and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon not allowed again to be exported. the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by the House.

That Corn, so warehoused, be permitted to be taken A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for out to be ground, by the Importer or Proprietor, under reserving to the Crown the Arrears of Fee-farm Rents certain Conditions and Limitations. not paid or compounded for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the That it may be expedient to permit the Exportation Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be of Wheat, but without the Allowance of Bounty, when made Part of the Bill.

the Price thereof is between 44 s.and 46 s.; and other Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Corn, when the Prices thereof shall be in like Propor- for exempting the Conveyances of small Fee-farm tion. Rents from Stamp Duties, except on the Receipts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the That the several Duties and Bounties, now payable Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be upon the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, made Part of the Bill.

and Flour, be continued. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ingrossed.

That, in order to encourage the making of Bread and

Biscuit within this Kingdom, it may be expedient that A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord* a Bounty be allowed upon the Exportation of Bread and Mr. Walker: have agreed

Biscuit, in Proportion to the Bounty allowed on the Mr. Speaker, to

Exportation of Wheat. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Speaker’s

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Allowance That the Bounty now allowed upon the Exportation of Speaker of the House of Commons, and for' disabling Bl,1>

Flour, be equalized to the Bounty now allowed upon the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time the Exportation of Wheat. being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, during Pleasure, under the Crown; without any That the several Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, Amendment: And also,

contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An indemnity which it shall be thought expedient to continue, for Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Bill, the regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn -qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty, together with to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who the Regulations contained in the aforegoing Resolutions, have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-and such others as it may be thought fit to enact, be tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving consolidated into One Act of Parliament. further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Vot. 45. 4 U Borough

American Trade Bill.

North Col-lingham Inclosure Bill.

Kdlingworth

Inclosure Bill.

Rowde Ford and Red Hill Road Bill.

ft I arlborough Roii{L Bill.

New Chappell Road Bill.

Keighley Road Bill.

350 31° Martii. . 1790.

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of , so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North in the County of Nottinghamwithout any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called , in

the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chit toe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repealing Three Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other

ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing tire Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhamptoti, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at ton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Caipenlers Arms in Blunsden, in the County of

Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling,up to the Top of Ditch ling Bost Hills, in

the said County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging 02

the Powers, of certain Acts, made for repairing the Road from Keighley,in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of West-

morland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Bridge, in

the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarkes Hydrometer, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That

Cromford Canal Bill.

Committee on Bill for raisinga Sura by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Committee on Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Excheque r Bills.

Committee on Expiring Laws Bill.

351

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will piease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Statement of Claims respecting the American Loyalists ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Claims examined, and* Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 2.5th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

ElectTons Bill to reS0^Te hself into a Committee of the whole House,

‘ upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great called

England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. ltolle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Tobacco Ac- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an count* or er- Account of the Quantity of Manufactured Tobacco and Snuff, which appears by the Returns of the Officers of Excise to have been consumed in England and Scotland, from the 10th Day of October 1789 to the latest Period to which such Account can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Manufacture, from the 10th Day of October 1789 to the 5th Day of January 1790, and from the 5th Day of January 1790 to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Manufacture, for Three Years, preceding the 5th Day of January 1790, distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Produce of the Duties on such Licences; and also of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, together with the Produce of thp Duties on such Licences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bounhton Rouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rouse reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Fortnight, the 19th Day of April next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Westminster several Persons whose Names are thereunto written, a*

Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and House- Spirituous holders, residing in the City and Liberty of West- Liquors minster, and Parts adjacent, which was presented to the ^*"rcej Act House upon the 5th Day of this Instant March, and re erre then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 2 2d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow AfricanSlave Fortnight, the 15th Day of April next, resolve itself Bill deferred, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and " amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited " Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Ajnca.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Supply denight, the 12th Day of April next, resolve itself into a ferred. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Ways and night, the 12th Day of April next, resolve itself into Means de-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further fer,et1' of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill respect-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon "8 Seizures the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs de erre ' to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Cast India Company’s Revenue Accounts.

Accounts and Papers referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February last, and the 1 ith Day of this Instant March, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers respecting the State of the Revenues of the East India Company, which have been presented to the House since the 11th Day of this Instant be referred

to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 45.

Jovis, 1° die Aprilis;

Anno 30s Georgii III"* Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

"D ESO LVED, That this House will, at the Rising House re-of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Seven- *olves to ad-night, the lath Day of this Instant April. mh'/nstant*

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Rettirns of of this House had received several Returns to the Or- Weights and ders of the House, of the 5th Day. of February last, IeasuresThat the Clerks of the Market , of the different

Cities

Truro paving Bill reported.

Waterbeach Drainage Bill presented.

Pole brook Inclosure Bill reported.

352 r Aprilis. A. 1790.

" Cities and Market Towns throughout England, and " Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, do

forthwith make out, and transmit to the Sheriffs of " the respective Counties in which the said Cities and " Towns are situate, Returns of the different Weights and Measures now in Use in such Cities and Market Towns respectively, as well as Specifications * and Descriptions of any particular Commodities " that are bought and sold by any Customary Deno-n minations or Proportions of Weight or Measure, as " far as any such as have come under their Observation and.also, " That the said Order be sent to " the Sheriffs of the several Counties in England and " Wales, and be by them transmitted to the Clerks of " the Markets in their respective Counties, and that " the said Sheriffs do return to the Clerk of this <c House, to be by him laid before the House, the " Returns they shall severally receive from the Clerks " of the Marketsand that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Colonel Boscawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of and

Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall, w'as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Gould presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach " Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish "an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within " the said ManorAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Langham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 85 Acres of Land and One Cottage Common, who refused to sign the Bill, but do not object to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 1,397 Acres and Six Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were dgreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of " the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm " and other Unimproveable Rents," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition " of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm " and other Unimproveable Rents."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committed had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commitee (except the Proprietor of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 7 s.4 d.per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at 111/. os. l\d. per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and bther Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Robert Burton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing

Tickton

Crown Landi Commissioners Bill passed.

Mickleover

Inclosure Bill

reported.

Harby Inclosure Bill passed.

Tickton In-clesure Bill presented.

Abingdon Road Bill presented.

Papists Deeds and Wills Inroll -ment Bill passed.

Member added to bring in Shaw bury Roads Bill

Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York: Peter at Goats, Saint Mark, Saint Mary te Wigfordt, And the same was received; and read the First Benedict, Saint Peter at, Arches, Saint Martini

Time. Saint Michael on the Saint Nicholas, Saint John,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Saint Peter in Eastgate, and Saint Swithin, within the

City of are very numerous, and are supported

Mr. Lovcden presented to the House,- -according to at a great and burthensome Expence; and that if a

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of convenient House, or Houses, were to he provided for an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of the general Reception of the Poor of the said several His present Majesty King George the Third, for repair- Parishes, with proper Powers for... the Government, ing and widening the Road from the Mayor sStone in Regulation, and Employment of such Poor, it would Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, tend more effectually to their Relief and Accommoda-to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said tion, and would also be of Advantage to the Inhabitants County: And the same was received; and read the of the said Parishes, by lessening the Poor’s Rates First Time. within the same. — And the Witness further said, That

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places,

within the said City, are very ill lighted, watched, and An iogrossed Bill for allowing further Time for In- cleansed, and many Disorders and Irregularities are

rollment of Deeds and Will? made by Papists, and for frequently committed in the Night Time, and the said

Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Streets and other Places -are also subject to various Time. Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions; and that

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And I that the Title it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollmerit of Inhabitants of the said City, and be of public Utility* Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of if Powers ere given for lighting, watching, andclean-Protestant Purchasers. . sing the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages

Ordered, That Mr. L&ceden do carry, the BijJ to the and places, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , and Annoyances therein, and preventing the same for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton be added to the ... Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Gentlemen who are appointed t6. prepare, and bring for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better in, a Bill for enlarging the Terry and Povyers ofaq Relief and Employment of, the Poor of several Parishes Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign ot Hi§ within the City of Lincoln: And that Mr. Cawthorne present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and Mr. Robert Burton do prepare, and bring in, the and widening the Road from the End of the Turn- same.

pike Road in Shazcbury,in the County of Salop,tq Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence for lighting, watching and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, to Newcastle under Line,in the County of Stafford, and and other public Passages and Places within the City

from Shawburyaforesaid to the Turnpike Road in of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, High Ercatl, in the said County of Salop, and front Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Mr, Shazobury aforesaid to IVem, in the said County, and Cawthorne and Mr, Robert Burton do prepare, and bring from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandjord, in the in, the same, said County.

Shawbury Mr. Robert Burton presented to the House, accord-Roads Bill }ng to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and presented. powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to IVem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandjord, in the said County: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lincoln Poor, Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to &c. Petition whom the Petition of John Parsons, Esquire, Mayor of reported. cjty of Lincoln, John Brown, and Robert Obbinson,

Alderman, William Walker, and Philip Bullen, Sheriffs, Butter Hunnings, George Bennett, John Hattersley, John Proctor, Robert and Richard Pickslay,

Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set, Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Thomas Bell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Bololph, Saint Vol. 45. . ’

Ordered, That Mr. Roger Wilbraham be added to Member the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring added te in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present uni. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to BoSley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to,

in the said County of Stafford.

Mr. Roger Wilbraham presented to the House, ac- Tunstall cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Road BlR Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Presente Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall,in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great

Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Ouze Haling Barges, and other Vessels in the River in the Path# Bill

County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or tomm'Ued* other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Sir Edward Astley, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. N

Captain Berkeley, according to Order, reported from Tamer Ferry the Committee of the jvhole House, to whom the Bill Bill reported, for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole

4X Chrezc,'

Eighth and Ninth Reports of Exa mhvition of Witnesses against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

petition against the Isle of Man Bill, in part read.

Royal Assent to Bills.

354 1° Apri/is. A: 1790.

Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River ,between a

certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarcl,in the County of and Tor point,

in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination ' of such Witnesses as.shall be produced on the Part of the several Petitioners who have petitioned this House against the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and who were impowered to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed trim to report the Minutes of the said Examination to thfe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Sir William Dolben also reported from the said Committee, That they had, pursuant to the Instruction of the House of the 23d Day of February last, directing them forthwith to examine the several Persons therein mentioned, taken such Examination accordingly, the Minutes of which Examination they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the House of Keys, the Representatives of the People of the Isle of Mann, was presented to the House, and, in part, read.'

A Message, by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Ix»rds authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission ,undter the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness

the Duke of York, His Royal Highness -the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of -Leeds,named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety:

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reigrf of His present Majesty, the one intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations, in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of A)nerica, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West " Indies," and thS other intituled, "An Act to

ft allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits, from " His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West " Indies into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions:"

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped*; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope:

An Act for re-building the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol:

An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Communication

Communication between Stmo and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of and Carlford,

in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the la9t Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to,

Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Ereivash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton

Mill, in the said County:

An Act to empower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to shut up a Road and Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston, in the County of Essex; and to oblige him to make, and keep in Repair for the future, another Road and Foot Path in Lieu thereof:

An Act for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trcrwse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and , in the County of

Norfolk:

An Act for continuing an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth:

An Act for continuing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of , to

the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Femilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amend* ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent: *

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Roystan, in the County of Hertford, to Wandefford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham,in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions and separate District of the said Roads:

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston in the County of

Pembroke:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and We ford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of;

and for repairing and widening Two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane, and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbolt Verdon:

An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodies Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife:

Vo L.

An Act for enlarging the Terth of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Slump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from Sheford Pound to Wiltlesford, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also One Mile of the Road between Trumpington, and Cambridge, commencing at the South End of Trumpington aforesaid, and for amending the Road from Chcsterford Bridge to the End of Wiltlesford, next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough,through West Ken-

nett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill Hill,

and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenter's Arms, in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road, on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Post Westward:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, altering, and amending the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through to the Town

of Ditchling, up to the Top of DitchHng Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repealing Three Acts, made in the ^Second anrf Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, made for repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York:

An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of James Money, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to he sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates to be sold now stand limited to:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors,

Commons,

Residue of the Petition against the Isle of Man Bill read.

1° Aprilis.

A )M

Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Dunkeswick won, Huby Common, Wescoehill Common, and JVeeton

Green, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating

covery of their Manerial kiglits in the said Isle, in any Case in which the Rights of the Family were disputed, from any Ambiguity or Uncertainty in the Act of 1765* by which the Sovereignty of the Isle was vested in the Crown, and the Petitioners are fully convinced that the Impropriate Tythes, and the Landed Property in the said Isle belonging to the Duke (those Kinds of Property which most fluctuate in Value) have, like all the other Landed Property in the said Isle, greatly increased in Value, so that the

the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures Moors Commons, t Rent> or6 Annual Income, of all Lands in the

and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North Collingham, fgland is now almost double what th produced in

in the County of Nottingham: 1765; and, the Petitioners beg Leave to assure the

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common House, that they still are, as they have always been, Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Killingworth ready to join in the passing of any Law by the Legis-Moor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of lature of the said Isle, which may be found necessary Northumberland: to facilitate the Collection of the Manerial Revenues

An Act to enable Thomas Samwell Wat eon Samwell,

Esquire (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms, of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell, Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing George John Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur:

An Act for naturalizing Julius George:

An Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine:

An Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops:

Then the Residue of the Petition of the House of Keys, the Representatives of the People of the Isle of Mann, was read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought into the House in Consequence of a Petition from the most Noble John Duke of , for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions in the Isle of Mann, and from the general Terms of the said Bill the Petitioners are apprehensive that some Alteration is intended to be effected thereby in

of the said Duke, as far as it should be thought compatible with the Interests of His Majesty, and the Rights and Liberties of His Subjects; and that Two of the most valuable Sovereign Rights transferred to the Crown, namely, the Herring Custom, and the* Salmon Fisheries in the Bays, have been appropriated by Parliament to the Repair and Support of the Harbours in the said Isle, yet the same, with the Addition of other Funds, is so insufficient lor the Purpose, that the Harbour of Douglass, the principal Harbour in the said Isle, and which is of great Utility to Ships navigating the Irish Channel, has remained, for near Four Years past, in so ruinous a State, as to have occasioned the Wreck of several Boats and Vessels, and the Loss of many Lives, and there is a considerable Debt chargeable upon the Harbour Funds of the said Isle still remaining unpaid; and that the Petitioners submit to the Justice of the House, although the House should now be inclined to add to the very ample and liberal Compensation which has already been made to the Family of the said Duke,

the present Settlement of the Sovereignty of the said that those Rights and Privileges which have been so Isle, and they are therefore greatly surprized that a ^ong granted to the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants Matter of such Magnitude, which might so materially of ,the said Isle> would neither be consistent with the affect the Rights and Interests of near Forty thousand Faith of Parliament, nor the Dignity of the Crown, of His Majesty’s Subjects, Inhabitants of the said Isle, to resume; and that the Inhabitants of the said Isle who have experienced the many happy Effects of the have experienced such Prosperity and Blessings under present Establishment of the Island near Twenty-five die present Settlement of the said Isle, that they trust Years, should have been brought into the House the Ki.ng of Great Britain will continue their only without any previous Notice having been given to Sovereign, and that the Parliament will never

them, that such a Measure would be attempted; and reduce them again to the degraded State of being Sub-that, as no particular Object is specified by the said jects to a Subject: And therefore praying the House Bill, the Petitioners are still unacquainted with the to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they Nature and Extent of the Claims and Wishes of the may be heard» bY Counsel, or by themselves, at the Duke, nor can they form any Conjecture of the Pur- Rar *he House, against the said Bill, and that the poses of the present Bill, except that they apprehend same may not Pass into a Law.

they are similar to those of some ineffectual Bills which some Time past were brought into the House upon the same Subject; that the Reasons assigned in Support of the present Bill are, that the Act, by which the Sovereignty of the said Isle was re-vested in His Majesty, was made on the " Pressure of the Occasion," and that " sufficient Time was not given for enquiring into and ascertaining the Extent of the " Pre-eminencies and Rights of Property necessary to " be vested in the Crown, or the Amount in Value " of those Rights and Revenues which were transferred to the Crown, that, for Want of such Enquiry, " some Manerial Rights have become the Subject of " Litigation, and the Income of the Landed Estates, " and other Species of Property reserved to the Family of the said Duke, has been impaired," and the Petitioners submit to the House, that it appears, from the Correspondence upon the Subject, printed by Order of the House, that the Contract between the Crown and the Family of the said Duke was entered into after considerable Time and Deliberation; that the Petitioners know of no Litigation in which the Duke or his Family have been involved for the Re-

Ordered, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Deare, from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Balance of the Revenue of the Customs of the Isle of Man, from the 5th of July 1765 to the 10th of October 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Account

-.115

Act

id

al

Account of Balance of Customs of the Isle of Man, presented.

357

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Tobacco Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered1* Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, Tobafcco Stalks, 0 ‘ and Snuff, of every Description, Specification, or De-

nomination, manufactured, unmanufactured, and in Operation, in Possession of all the Manufacturers, Cutters, and Grinders of, and Dealers in, Tobacco and Snuff, in England and Scotland, at the first Time of Stock taking by the Officer after the Commencement of the Tobacco Excise Act; and also a similar Account at the last Time of Stock taking.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Manufacture, for Six Years, preceding the 5th Day of January 1790, distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty on Tobacco, received since the passing of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

Committee cn Petitions against the Tobacco Act deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the House so resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 13th Day of this Instant April,to consider further of the several Petitions

which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Consolidated Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fundordertd. Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th of April 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Customs, Ex-Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the ,5th of and Yna"'*33’ April 1788, and the 5th of April 1789, and between the dents,ordered. 5th of April 1789 and the 5th of April 1790.

' Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Account of give Directions, that there be laid before this House, pursuant* an Account of all Sums of Money which have been Addresses, issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Mr. Smiton, Inspector Accounts of Corn Returns, attended at the Door; he w'as called ^Hrrent of . in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Corn Returns to their Order, presented.

A Copy of the Accounts Current of the Inspector of Corn Returns for the Port of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Forster, from Statement of, the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses American and Services of the American Loyalists, attended at the pre"

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 45-

4 Y A STATEMENT

O

o

o

oo

1. Of Claims made by, and Losses liquidated of American Loyalists.

O

"i

LOSSES OF PROPERTY. Losses of Income.

f r

K* of Claims. Amou*t of Claims. Losses allowed. Amount of Claim per Annum. Loss of Income per Annum found.

Claims examined, and Losses liquidated, as per Statement, 12th June 1789 2,238 £ t. d. 8.034.97° 13 1» £. * d 2>95,013 2 11 £. 108,430 £ 80..372

D*, and Additions made to other Claims in consequence of further Evidence up to the 15th of July 1789 - - 1 1,012 — 14,936 1.647 1,216

Claims examined and liquidated under the Act of 1789, up to the 25th March 1790 5^ 180,143 12 — 1 1 e» * oc <0 3.361 2,630

2,291 8,216,126 5 11 3>933>®91 2 11 113.438 84,218

Claims disallowed ..... 343 953.442 9 5

D° withdrawn ----- - 33 153.'»5 9 2

D° not prosecuted - 553 ».°35.728 19 3

Total - - 3,225 £10,358,413 3 9 3.033.°91 2 11 i>3>438 84,218

Office of American Claims, 1st of A pril 1 790.,) John Forster, Seer.

2. Of the Sums which have been already granted, and of what remains for

Consideration of Parliament.

Amount of Sums which have been already granted by Parliament.

Deductions directed by the Act of 1788, and on Account of Annual Allowances being continued to the Parties beyond the Time when Interest commenced on their Compensation

£. t. d. 1,917.238 3 —

179,088 15 6

A mount of Pensions paid to 204 Persons, on Account of Losses of Income -N. B. Thi3 is exclusive of Annual Allowances to 588 Persons, chiefly Widows, Orphans, and Merchants, to the Amount of

Per Annum. £. 25.785

28,673

Amount of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

Claims liquidated of various Persons, to 25th March 1790, in Classes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 -D° of the Earl of Coventry, and Lord Viscount Weymouth, Trustees under the Will of John Earl of Granville, deceased - - v. Special Report, Class 8.

D° of John Penn, Junior, and John Penn, Senior, Esquires - - - 1. Special Report, Class 8.

D°of Rob1 Lord Fairfax, and the Trustees under the Will of Catherine Lady Fairfax, v. Special Report, Class 8. D° of Subjects or settled Inhabitants of the United States, many of which are Cases of great Merit, or peculiar Hardship - Class o.

D° of Persons who appear to have Relief provided fur them by the Treaty of Peace, but state the utter Impossibility of procuring it - Class 11.

D° of Creditors on the Ceded Lands in Georgia - r. Special Report, Class 12.

N° of Claims. £. d.

138 224,406 1 —

1 60,000

2 500,000 — —

1 60,000

44 32,462 6 —

2 14,010

11 45,8^5 17 5

d.

2,096,326 18 6

956,764 4 5

3,033,091 2 u

Amount of Income allowed under the $cls of 1788 and 1789' - £ 3>73°'

o

8

1° Apn

359

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

slave Trade The Order of the Day being read, for the House to deterred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Distillery The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill deferred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, W ash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon' Low \Yrines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The I Vest Indies-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant resolve itself

into the said Committee.

Rill for rais- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

ingaSum by from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ch^erBiU® ^or ra's'nff a certain Sum of Money, by Loans reported. or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven.hundred and Ninety, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for rais- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported ing a further from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sum by Loans Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Tin^BilU Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-1 "ported.* sand Seven hundred and Ninety, was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Expiring Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported laws Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

sported. the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im-

Vol. 45.

portation of Oak Bark, w hen the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made - use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Re- Longitude ward of Persons making certain Discoveries for find- com*

ing the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Dis- mi coveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, w-as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consi- Committee der the several Returns which have been, or shall be, appointed to made to the Orders of this House, of the 5th Day ot Re*

February last, respecting the different Weights and \veightsand Measures now in Use in the several Cities and Market Measur*. Towns throughout England and I Vales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to examine and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Loxeden, Mr. Rolle, Mr. KinMr. Adams, Captain Macbride, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Alderman

Watson, Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Robert Burton, Sir Edward Astley, the Lord Fielding, Mr. Alderman Neum-ham, Mr. Cawthorne, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Dolben,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sloane, the Lord Penrhyn, Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Brett, Mr. Ord, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Eye, Mr. Powney, Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Hussey, Mr.

Browne, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Mr. Phelips, Mr. Scott, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Marsham,

Mr. Wilberfoi'ce, Sir William Young, Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Gascoyne: And all the Members who serve for Bristol, Liverpool, Hull, Glasgow, Lynn, and Falmouth; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Three of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Pow’er to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to sit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of County Efcc-the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and tions Bill amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the deferred.

Reign

Bill respecting Seizures deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Fosbrook Road Bill.

Blaauw*s Nat. Bill.

Ramsgate Chapel Bill committed.

Petition from Sunderland respecting the Confiscation of Ships.

1° — 12fAprilis. A. 1790.

Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called , was committed,

be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant April.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant , Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 12* die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III,i! Regis, 1790.

PllA Y ERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by" Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, amending and keeping in Repair^ the Road from Fosbrook, in the Parish of through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Willem Blaauw; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Ship Owners belonging to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and many other Ports, have presented a Petition to the House, stating the Hardships that Ship Owners labour under in consequence of the several Acts in Force for suppressing of Smuggling, particularly the Act of the Twenty-sixth of His preseut Majesty, which enacts, that every Ship importing any Foreign Spirituous Liquors ( British Plantation Rum and Arrack accepted) in any Cask, containing less than One hundred Gallons, except Two Gallons for each Seaman, with all her Stores and Furniture, be the Burthen and Value thereof what they may, shall be forfeited, without any Limitation or Qualification whatsoever, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing those Laws, which subject Ships employed in a fair and open Trade to Confiscation for the Misconduct of Masters and Seamen, affording to the innocent Owners of such Ships such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners have large Property in Shipping (upwards of Four hundred Sail) which are all equally liable to Forfeiture and Confiscation for the Reasons in the above-mentioned Petition referred to, and themselves liable to be reduced to a 3

State of Penury by such Forfeiture, without any Offence whatever being committed by them, or having it in their Power to obtain any Recompence from the Aggressor: And therefore praying. That the House will take the said Petitions into Consideration, and grant such Relief to the Petitioners, and other Ship Owners, as to the House shall seem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the Waterbeach Fourteenth V ear of the Reign of his late Majesty Drainag' Bill King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the conul,ulcdeffectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach " Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish

" an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners " within the said Manor," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Gould, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Polebrookln-Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable closure B.U Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, passed‘

.in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir James Lang ham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, Truro Paving and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for re- ^>11 passed, moving and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 6. To leave out, " and shall also be " deemed Nuisances."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill' was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Colonel Boscawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing and enabling the Tamer Ferry Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Bl11 pass«d-Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of and Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall, w as read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 19. To leave out " running into the " same."

I.20. After " PengeUy " to insert " a Moiety of."

1. 21.

Mickleover Inclosure Bill passed.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition respecting the Coal Trade at Newcastle and Sunderland.

Leave given

Newcastle and Sunderland Coal Trade Petition.

1. 21. To leave out " and."

1. 22. After " " to insert " and

" Skinner Lake"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount , and

Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain

a common Ferry over and across the River Tamet', between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel,in the County of Devon, and

Torpoint, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Rashleigh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade, in the Ports of Newcastle and < land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, divers useful and salutary Regulations were established for ascertaining the Turn or Rotation, and directing the Manner of Loading Ships with Coals in the said Ports, which Act was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and was, by a subsequent Act, continued for the further Term of Seven Years; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, the said first-mentioned Act was revived, and continued until the 25th Day of March 1789, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the further Continuance thereof will be of great public Utility; and that the Petitioners were not informed that the said Act w’ould expire with the present Session of Parliament, until the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed, and the suffering the said Act to expire will be highly prejudicial to the Ships employed in the Coal Trade, and a great Detriment to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading " of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and " Sunderland . Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Then a Petition of the Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Ship Owners using the Coal Trade in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, Vox.. 45.

passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading " of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and " Sundeiiand," divers useful and salutary Regulations were established for ascertaining the Turn or Rotation, and directing the Manner, in which Ships should be laden with Coals in the said Ports, which Act M as to continue in Force for Seven Years; and that, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, reciting the said Act of the Sixth Year of His said Majesty, and that the same had proved useful to the Coal Trade, it was enacted, that the said Act should be continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years; and that by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, reciting, that the Revival and Continuance of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty would be of great public Utility, it was enacted, that the said Act should be revived and continued in full Force and Effect until the 25th Day of March 1789, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the further Continuance of the said Act would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading " of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and " Sunderland

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew While Ridley, Mr. Tempest, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayors Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Loveden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Ttckion Carr, or Common, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bouverie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little Sometford, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, was committed, be now read.

4 Z And

Abingdon Road Bill committed*

Tickton inclosure Bill committed.

Whychurch, Ac. Inclosure Bill presented.

Leeds and Liverpool Navigation Bill reported and re-committed.

12° A prills.

A. 1790.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; %and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said BHl be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Petition A Petition of John Trafford, of in the

aSd bounty Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented

pool Naviga- *° the House, and read; taking Notice of the said tion Bill. Bill; and Setting forth, That foe Petitioner is Owner

of a Corn Mill situate upon the River Yarrow, in the Township of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, and near the Conftux of a Brook dividing the Townships of Ecclestonand Mawdesl called Sis or Sid Brook, the Streams of which River and Brook are foe Support of foe said Mill, and the Petitioner apprehends that the said Canal Navigation will be very injurious to the said Mill, or render the same totally useless to him: And therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty, by himself, or his Counsel, to be heard upon the said Bill, and be allowed to offer such Clauses, Powers, Restrictions, and Regulations, as he shall be advised, and as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Accounts

ordered.

Money issued for maintaining Convicts at Plymouth.

For D® on the Thames.

For regulating the Shipping of Slaves.

For Commissioners of Kast Florida Claims.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for foe Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Campbell, Esquire,

for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Conviets on foe River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, " the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels " from foe Coast of Africa. ’

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of foe Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Monies issued to John Dally, to defray the Expences in executing an Act of last Session of Parliament for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton,

Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Thomas and

Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners appointed to esquire, in America, into the Losses of American Sufferers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of tire Money issued to the Earl of for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements in New South Wales.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Lords of the Committee of Council concerning the present State of foe Trade to Af rica.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on foe 5th Day of April 1790, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Account of Command, Money issued

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, for American Esquire, at foe Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of Amei'ican Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followefo;

For Commissioners of American Loyalists.

For Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

For enquiring into Emoluments of Officers of the Customs.

To pay Bills of Exchange, &c.

ForCommis-sioners for American Sufierers.

For Expences of the Mint.

For Provisions, &c. to New South Wales.

For printing Reports concerning the African Trade.

Account of Surplus of Consolidated Fund.

Aeeoants relating to Tobacco, presented.

363

Am ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services; vix.

Tor defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government ——

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

TIMES WHEN ISSUED:

xm

£. s. d. 34,000 — —

1,785 15 e.

5,7^5 15 6

£. s. d.

1789. July 24th ----- -- 7,367 8 6

September 1st ----- - 2,111

October 37th ----- - 8,418 13 —

1790. January 15th ----- - 10,521 5 6

April 10th - - - ‘ 7,367 8 6

£. 35,785 15 $

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 12th April 1790.

Tho* Steele.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. In-

spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Manufacture, for Three Years preceding the 5th Day of January 1790; distinguishing each Quarter: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty's Warehouses in Great Britain, for Manufacture, for Six Years, preceding the 5th Day of January 1790; distinguishing each Quarter: Ana

also.

An Account of the Duty on Tobacco, received since the passing the Act of the last Session of Parliament, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for repealing the " Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 45.

The House being informed that Mr, Jennings, from Accounts the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called presented, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued Money issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of main- [or m<u"; taining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of ^ctTat °n Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made Plymouth, good by Parliament: And also,

Au Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, For D® on the Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, Thames* and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued Forregulat-to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed ing the ship-in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session Pin8ofSlave#-of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for " a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of And

also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued For Commis-to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to ^(Florida enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who claims, have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued ForCommis-to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to sioner* of enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And yaw also,

An Account of die Monies which have been issued For Proin consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying secution on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, JR*1*1 Mr* and which have not been made good by Parliament: as

And also,

An

12° Aprilis. A. 1790.

Money issued An Account of the Monies issued t,

fnto Emolu- to defray the Expences in executing an Act of ments of orfi- 'ast Session of Parliament, for enquiring into the cere of the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs: And

Customs. also,

To pay Bills An Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas of Exchange, Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other &c* Purposes, by the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

ForCommis- An Account of the Monies paid to Thomas Dundas American Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners ap-

Sufferers? pointed to esquire, in Ainto the Losses of American Sufferers: And also,

ForExpences An Account of the Money issued to the Earl of of the Mint. Effingham, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788: And also,

For sending An Account of the Expence of sending Provisions, Provisions, and Sundry Articles, to die Settlements in New South c c\u u/T Wales:And also,

South Wales. ’

An Account of the Money issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Lords of the Committee of Council concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa: And also,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1790, of the Surpasses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1788 to the 5th Day of April 1789, and between the 5th Day of April 1789 to the 5th Day of April 1790: And also,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th of April 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said. Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Six thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rolf Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ditto. An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, main-

taining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Thirty-three thousand Two , hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob1 Jennings.

To

For printing Reports concerning the African Trade. Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th April.

Produce of Customs, Excise, Stamps, andlncidents.

Income of

Consolidated Fund 0115 th ApriL

12° Aprilis.

365

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a " limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of ."

The Monies which have been issued to Charles Peace, Gent. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Bob’ Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Henry Charles Litchfield, Gent. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which . have not been made good by Parliament

The Monies which have been issued to John Forster, Gent. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

Vol. 45.

5 A

To

African

Slaves.

East Florida.

American

Loyalists,

12° Aprilis.

A. 1790.

Prosecution of Warren Hastings.

Officers of Customs.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Watren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain, for the Expence of hiring Door Keepers, &c. ——

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing Copies of Minutes of the Evidence taken at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, between 12th May 1789 and 10th August following ——

To Albany Wallace, and Richard Troward, Esquires, Solicitors, for Expences - ,

£. s. 1,200 ——

776 8 -

718 10 4

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sums paid by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for Expences incurred in Consequence of the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire; viz.

To Mr. William Blanchard, for taking Minutes in Short Hand of the said £,. s. d. Trial - - - -166 2 —

To Seven additional Door Keepers for their Attendance for 20 Days, at to$.

per Day each - - - - -70 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - - 20 1 6

256 3 6

2,951 1 10

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued to John Da, to defray the Expences in executing an Act of last Session of Parliament, for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs.

The Monies issued to John Dally, to defray the Expences in executing an Act of last Session of Parliament, for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs, amount to the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

To

30 Geo. III.

12° Aprilis.

367

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums issued to Thomas , Esquire, to pay Bilb of Exchange, and of other Purposes, by the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made xc anee’ good by Parliament; viz.

To reimburse him sundry Sums paid to divers Persons for Cattle slaughtered and buried, in order to prevent and stop the contagious Distemper which raged amongst the Horned Cattle at Standish Park, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, &c. ——

To pay Bilb drawn by Governor Parr, for Provbions supplied to Refugees in s. d. Nova Scotia - - - 47 18 l $

To pay the Half Fees due to the Secretary, Regbter, and Deputy Auditor, on Grants of Lands to sundry Persons who have taken Refuge in the Province of Nova Scotia - -- - - -- 169 it io£


To pay a Certificate granted by Governor Parr, for so much due to Foster Hutchinson, for the Storage of Records, Sic. for the County of Suffolk, in Massachusets Bay - - -76 10 —

To pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant Governor Fanning, for Expences incurred in the Office of Surveyor General in the Island of Saint John’s - - - - -23 4 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - - 24 14 —

£. s. d. 126 9 l*

341 18 —

To pay Bills drawn by Lord Dunmore, for Fees due to the Governor, on Grants of Lands to the Loyalists in the Bahama Islands, and for Disbursements made to the Surveyor General, for the Payment of Fees to the Deputy Surveyor, and Wages to Chain Bearers employed in surveying Lands, &e. -

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob1 Jennings.

1,163, 19 a 1,632 6 3i

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy , Esquires, Commissioners American

appointed to esquire, in America, into the Losses of American Sufferers.

Sufferers.

The Monies paid to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners appointed to esquire, in America, into the Losses of American Sufferers, amount to the Sum of Three thousand One hundred Sixty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 179°-

Rob1 Jennings.

Vox.. 45.

To

368

A. 1790.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Expences of An ACCOUNT of the Money issued to the Earl of Effingham, for defraying the extraordinary Expences e Int* of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788.

The Money issued to the Earl of Effingham, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788, amounts to the Sum of Thirty thousand Five hundred Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

RoV Joinings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Provisions to An ACCOUNT of the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlements in

New South New South: viz.

Wales.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Two Bills drawn by Commissary Miller, for Carpenters and Sawyers Work, and Provisions purchased for the Use of the Settlement of New South Wales ——

To him more, to reimburse him sundry Sums distributed to sundry Persons, going out to the Settlement at New South Wales, and to discharge several Certificates granted by Commissary Miller, for Carpenters Work done in the said Settlement -

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by Lieutenant Riou, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Guardian, from Teneriffe, for Wine purchased for the Use of the Settlement of New South Wales -.....- - -

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse him the Charges of purchasing sundry Articles sent to New South Wales ——

To Messrs. James Neave and Rawson Aislabie, Esquires, to reimburse them the Charges attending the purchasing of sundry Provisions for New South Wales -

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob1 Jennings.

£.s. d.

670 3 9

365 u 10

220 12 8 31,254 11 4

19.127 7 4

51,638 6 11

To

369

.12° Aprilis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Money issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Lords Minting, of the Committee of Council concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa.

The Money issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Lords of the Committee of Council, concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa, amounts to the Sum of Nine hundred and Ten Pounds.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jenn

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, the 5th Day of April 1790, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances there* upon.

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer, the 5th Day of April 1790, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the Beveral Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amount to the Sum of Six hundred Twenty-one thousand One hundred Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence Half-penny.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Robs Jennings.

Vol. 4£.

5 B

To

1 VAprilit.

A.1790

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Customs,&c. An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1788 to the 5th Day of April 1789, and between the 5th Day of April 1789 to the 5th Day of April 1790.

1789. 1790

£ s. d. - £ d.

Customs ----- 3,711,126 3 9 3,777,152 1 7 i

Excise ----- 6,068,295 8 2 6,707,555 l6 9

Stamps ----- - - 1,244,109 11 3 1,259,124 3 10

INCIDENTS.

Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 156,000 — — 156,000 . — —

Salt 350,268 15 1 397,104 15 3*

Seizures, since 25th October 1760 - - - 20,421 9 10* 19,828 12 1

Proffers - - - - D° - - . - . 533 15 7* 648 1 3

Pines of Leases - - D* - _ - - - - -r-

Letter Money - - D* ' 156,000 — — 201,000 — —

Alum Mines - - - D° - - - - i 960 — — 960 — —

Compositions - - D* - - - - 7 13 4 5 —

Fines and Forfeitures D* - - - . 1,891 11 7 —

Alienation Duty - - D° - - - - 3,091 12 — 2,023 2 —

Rent of a Light House D* - - - - 6 13 4 6 13 4

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 - 45,585 — — 44,760 — —

1 s. Deduction on Salaries, &c. 5th April 1758 - 51,285 15 7* 35,357 ‘7 10

Houses and Windows, 1766 - - 383.234 10 10 429,257 8 li

Inhabited Houses, 1779 - - 128,809 — Si 155,615 6 3*

Hawkers and Pedlars, 24th June 1710 - - -; 2,220 — — 3,536 11 5

D* 1785 *> - - —

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1st August 1711 - - 11,100 4 4 12,200 — —

D* 1784 - - 14,052 4 4 14,000 — —

Male Servants - - - 1785 - 91,876 13 3i 99,893 1 1

Female D" ----- - D* . - - 3C431 4 6* 36,881 17 — I

4-Wheel Carriages - - - D" - - - - 126,965 8 ni 148,692 — 51

2-Two Wheel D° - - - - D* - - - - 27,644 13 -i 33,934 18 3

Waggons ----- - D° - - - 19,420 17 9* 22,530 17 3*

Carts - -- -- D* - - *1,513 8 11 i 11,305 10 11

Horses - -- -- D° - - - - 99,985 *7 71 109,287 8 31

Shops - -- -- D* - - - 50,195 10 ni 52,929 11 io

First Fruits of the Clergy - - - 4,380 16 11 3,937 5 —

Tenths ----- - - - 19,786 2 9* 9,667 *4 6

Men Servants, 1777 - - - 6 — —

Houses and Windows, 1726 - 209 1 10

Total of Incidents - - - £ 1,808,675 7 5i 2,001,592 *4 — *

Total of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents " - £ 12,832,206 10 7 i 13,745,424 16 3 i

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

Rob' Jennings.

To

g

(Q

r+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

<1

o

Ox

To the Honourable the Knight#, Citizen#, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th of April 1790.

INCOME.

Consolidated Duties of Excise m £. 1,551,263 s. d.

D® - - - - Customs - - - 777,705 3 10

D® - - - - Stamps m - - 322,293 — —

D® ---- Salt - - - 112,685 11 9i

D® - Letter Money - - at - - 127,000 — —

Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chair# - - - 9,000 — —

D® - - Hawkers and Pedlars - m - - 900 — —

D® - - Houses and Windows, A* 1766 - - - 59,968 11 5*

D* - - Inhabited Houses, A® 1779 - - 25,076 17 ni

D® - - Shops, A" 1785 - - - 3,456 11 — i

D® - - Horses,- - - - D® - - - 8,306 15 4i

D° - - Male Servants, - - - D° m - - 10,284 6 XI i

D® - - Female Servants - - - D® - - 5320 15 3

D* - - Four Wheel Carriages, - D® - - - 21,297 2 1

D* - - Two Wheel, - - - - D® - - - 3,988 12 —

D® - - Waggons, D® - - 1,316 2 9

D® - - Carts, D® m - 1,7216 2 81

o

a

w

o

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, lor Three Months, due 5th April 1790 -

4ths Excise, - with D°, for D* ——

3,700l. per Week Excise, with D®, for D® - 1

A® 1706, - - - - with L>°, for D*

A* 1707, - - - - with D®. for D® -

per 1st Act 1708, - - with I)®, for D®

per 2d Act 1708, - - with D°, for D* -

Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, A® 1766, for Half a Year, duoD®

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on 24,065,084/. 13s. 11 their present Capital, for Three Months, due 5th April 1790 ——

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity and Management on 32,750,000 i4 per Cent. Consol. Annuities for Six Months due 5th April 1790 ——

Annuity and Management for 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18th and d-

19th Geo. 3,u R\ for D® - 204,440 1 5$

Annuity for 18 i Years, by Act 29th Geo. 3,u R*. for D® - - 7,000 16 3 J

Annuity and Management on 37,340,073/. >6r. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities for

D®, after abating th<* Sum of 153/. for Half of 306/. being after the Rate of 450/. per Million oh the Principal Sum of 680,000l. purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - -

Annuity and Management for long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament

for D® - - - - -....

Annuities granted A® 1777, for 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of 25,000l. per Ann. which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for D°

s.

d.

12,428 »5 7*

3.677 *6 -7.957 J 6,181 2 i°i

2,038 — 1,229 13 »*

2,649 6 3* 270 ——

*°o

2.

183,993 >3 5i

662,368 *5 '

211,44° r7 8i

568,277 12 5i 344,014 12 2

CO-

12,500 — —

5 n 2 ° 2 3

C- CA

o

D* u. per Lib. on Salaries and Pensions, A* 1758 D* 6 d.per Lib. on D* - - - „ - 1721

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods Sheriffs Proffers ——

15,569 3 4

8,760 ——

1,494 4 9} 93 4 3

Fines of Leases

Rent of Alum Mines -

Rent of a Light House -

Compositions in the Exchequer -

Compositions paid by the Bank of England, in lieu of the Stamp Duties on Notes and Bills issued by them

Imprest Money re-paid by Loftus Ant. Tottenham, Col.

of the 90th Regiment, on Account of William Fitch, Esquire -

D* - - by John Smith, Esquire, Paymaster of the Provincial Forces in North America

D* - - by Ann Rigby, et al. Residuary Legatees to Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster General of the Forces

D* - - byNathanielCollyer, on Account of Col. Tarleton’s Reg*

I)a - - by D*, on Account of an Additional Company to the 4th Regiment -

D* - - by Robert Adair and Joseph Partridge, Executors of J. A, F. Hesse, on Account of the Officers of the In- ii rm ary -

480 ——

6 13 4 2 ——

6.000 -

2,800 ——

2,519 10 3*

5.000 -

2,100 ——

500 ——

413 7 "

*1

t

Annuity and Management on 3,200,000 /. at 3 per Cent, per Annum, for One Quarter, due 12th February 1790 ——

Annuity and Management on 4,000,000 /., purchased of the South Sea Company, for

D® due 5th April 1790.....-

Annuity on 500,000/, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due D®

D® - - - - 1,250,000 /., at D" - - - for D®

D® - - - - 3,750,000l., at D® - - - for D®

D° - - - - 986,800l., at D* - - - for D®

25,000 — "

kQ

30,474 10 104

3,750 ——

9,375 ——

13,125 ——

7,40i ——

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

Annuity on 3,200,000 /., at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for One Quarter, due 5th April

1790 ....

Annuity on 1,000,000l., at D® - - - for D®

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additionl Allowances, for One Quarter, due 5th April 1790 -

Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences for D®

More to him, as late Messenger to the above Office, - - for D* -

Ann Cass, late Office Keeper in the above Office, - - for D*

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries - for D*

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household - - - for D®

His Royal Highness Wn Henry Duke of Gloucester, on his Annuity of

D

on D® on D# on D® on D® on D®

His Royal Highness Henry Fred.Duke of Cumberland,

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow - - - -The Earl of Chatham ——

George Lord Rodney ——

Lord Heathfield - - ----- ---- on D®

Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest, on D*

Lord Car-diffe, D® ——

Philip Deare, Esquire - - -- -- .

John Wigglesworth, Esquire ——

John Lloyd, Esquire ——

Charles Harris, Esquire ——

Sir William Musgrave, Baronet, One of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on his Annuity of - -- - - -- 1,000l. for D® -

John Thomas Batt, Esquire, D® - - - - on E® - - - 1,000l. for D® -

John Martin Leake, Esquire, D® - - - - on D® - - - 1,000l. for D® -

Sir John Dick, Baronet - - D® - - - - on D® - - - 500 L for D® -

William Molleson, Esquire, D® - - - - on D* - — - - 500 /. for D® -

For Clerks, Contingencies, in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts _ - for D® -

on D® on D® on D® on D® on D®

8,000l. for D® -9,000l. for D® -8,000l. for D® -3,000l. for D® -4,000l. for D® -

2.000 /. for D® -1,500l. for D® -7,000l. for D® -

7.000 /. for D® -300 /. for D® -300 /. for D® -300 /. for D® -200 /. for D® -

24,000 —

7,500 —

3,262 lo-

ss

5

5

162

224,500

2.000 2,250

2.000 750

1.000 500

375

1.750

1.750 75 75 75 50

250

250

250

125

125

2,500

10 —

,v

10 —

3.

to

o

D* - - - by William Brummell, Agent for

Chelsea Hospital

t-, Money paid by the East India Company, on Account I. of the Victualling the Navy, and for the Use of the King’s Troops - -

£, d.

13,000 ——

200,000

D* - - by Thomas Steele, Esquire, for Interest on 187,000, by Act 29 Geo. III. -

Arrears of the 51st 4 s.Aid, A° 1787 -

D* - of the 16th 3#. Aid, A* 1768 -

Compositions, by John Jackson -

4,026 6 — 81 5 7 507 17 4

450 ——

3,304,392 6 1

o,

O

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1790.

o

cq'

N

CD

CL

Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Esquires, on their Annuity of 1,000l. for D* ——

The Ear! of Chesterfield, Master of His Majesty’s Mint in England for the Expences of the said Mint - -....

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, on the Quarter ended 5th April 179° Surplus of D* - - - on D* -

« ,0* .,.021 J*

Memorandum:

The above Sum of 917,921/. 8s. 2*d. is to be applied to thp

following Purposes; viz. 1 — 1

£. s. d. . *

By Cash to be applied by the Commissioners appointed

by Parliament for reducing the National Debt 250,000 — " *©

By Cash taken in full of 1,530,000l. granted by an Act 29th Geo. Ill4, towards the Supply for the Year 1789 #

46,770 6 11 ♦

Balance in Cash remaining on the 5th April 1790, for the Disposition of Parliament - - - 621,151 1 3f

£. 917,921 8 2 f

Rofr Jennings.

SS

CP

2f74 12° Mortis. ' y/. im

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Three last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Petition A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

against the and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield, in

Coders Bill* County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the first, intituled, "An Act for the good Order " and Government of the Makers of Knives* Sickles,

" Sheers, Scissors, and other Cudery Wares, in Hallamshire, in the County of York, and the Parts near u adjoining;" and praying that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, being Manufacturers of ’Saws, re- sident in Sheffield, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, by the Tenth Section thereof, it is proposed to be enacted, " That all Goods and Wares " whatsoever, which shall be made (within the Liberties aforesaid) of Steel only, shall be and be dee bed " to be subject, and equally, within the said proposed " Bill, and the said Act of the Twenty-first Year " of the Reign of King James the First, as if such Goods and Wares were and should be made of " Iron and Steel," and the Petitioners conceive that, if the Bill, in its present Form, was suffered to pass into a Law, it would be greatly injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners, as it would subject them, and all other Saw Makers, to the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of the Company of Cutlers in HaUtfmshire, of which they have been heretofore independent: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to the House may seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, as well in a Committee, as at the Bar of the House, if necessary.

Ditto. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers,

Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers, in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, and of several of the principal Manufacturers of Cutlery Wares, residing in Sheffield, in the said County, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the good Order and Government of the Makers of Knives, Sickles, Sheers, Scissors, and other Cutlery Wares, in the Liberty of Hallamshire aforesaid, and the Parts near adjoining, the Makers of such Cutlery Wares were ‘made a Body Corporate, and certain Persons therein named were appointed Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants of the said Company, with Power Annually to elect their Successors in Office, to rule, order, and govern she said Company; and that, since she passing of the said Act, and under the Regulations thereby established, the Trade and Manufacture carried on by the said Company within the aforesaid Limits, and particularly within the last Twenty Years, have greatly flourished, and the Trade to Foreign Parts has been very much increased; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making several very material Alterations in the said Act, which, if passed into a Law, would, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, be very injurious to the Trade and Manufactures carried on by them within the said Liberty, and to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House,

03

against the said Bill, and (hat- tie same may not pqss into a Law. j

A Petition of the Persdns whose Narhefe are there- Petition unto subscribed, being Manufacturers bf Edge Tools f«ain4t *5 in Sheffield, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Cutlera^illL County of York, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice at tjhe said Bill; and Setting forth; That the Petitioners hate hitherto exercised and carried on their Trpde of Edge. Tool Makers free and independent of the Corporation of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, and they conceive that if the said Bill, in ifs present Form, is suffered to pass into a Law, it would be greatly injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners, as it'would subject them, and all other Edge 'Tool Makers* to the Jurisdiction of the said Company: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and give them such Relfef therein as to the House may seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Baid Bill, as well ip a Committee, as at the Bar of the House, if necessary.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and such of; the Petitioners as desire to be heard by themselves or Counsel are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to ,be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the Said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts of Five first of the Accounts-which were presented'to the House upon the 3d Day of February last, by Mr. Rose, ^s£’e panted, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Tertfi and Powers of an Shawbury Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shaxobury, in the County of to Drtylon in Hales, in the said County* and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in tile said County of Salop, and from aforesaid to JVem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandjbrd, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Aftdrnoon, Tit Five of the Lfock, in The 'Speaker’S Chambeh.

A Bill for ertlarging the Ttertn and Powers’erf an Tnnstall Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of-Tlis Road BUI present Majesty, for repairing and widening the -Read comm‘twd. from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, "to Bostey, in the County of Chester, and fromtjraz/ C to . ton, in the said County of 'Stafford, was -read a aeeqnd Time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they -afe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of -the 'Clock, in she Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of tile Proprietors anfl Occupiers of Petition Lands, Mills, and others,-in the ^Shire of Lanerk, in against the the Neighbourhood of she Jlienkl&nd Navigation, thereunto subscribing, was presented Ho tile House, Bilh*

and read; taking Notice of 'the Bill for forming a b Junction between the’ForM an H^ClydeNavigation and the Monkland Navigation, 'antUfor altering, enlarging, v' *' r Und

Petition against the Tobacco Act.

Petition against Croydon ami God-stone Roads Bill.

30Geq.HI. 12° Aprilis.

and explaining, several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners will be greatly injured by the said Bill, if the same should pass iuto a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that tlxe Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard,' at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to bear their Share of the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a Temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they me declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereofAnd therefore praying, That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this Free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Parley Comer, beyond. Croydon, in the Copaty of Surrey, through Merstham, to the Bproygh of Reigate, and from Godslone by £odstom House, in the said

County, through the Borough of Reigate to '

Mill Gate, and to Buckland Church, in the said County;

and that the Petitioners have borrowed very considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the 'Foils granted by the said Act, ?nd are now greatly in Debt, and, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to* the Interest of the Trust under which the Petitioners act, and to the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Tolls: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, pr Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

The House was moved, That the Order, quade Committee upon the pst Day of this Instant Jpril, for the House 1^the*

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ivbacco Act upon Wednesday next, to consider further of the several deferred Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying, That the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

in next, resolve itself into the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for foe House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Longitud# upon the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and u ' Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries fbtr finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into thp said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, ‘‘ An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the " Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to " Highgate, in the County of Susses, and to Sutton " and Kingston, and from Vauxhall Bridge through " Stockwell to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington " to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox wider the Hill, in the County " of Surrey, and for repealing so much of several " Acts now in Force as relates to the said Roads, and " for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to 11 Witchross, in the County of Sussex," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in for making a Turnpike Road from Vox, 43,

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Counsel Reading of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to heard °n Se-inquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, c"nj^e"fdinft Revenues, and Possessions in the Isle of Mann Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the House of Keys, the Representatives of the People of the Isle of Mann, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.*

And the Counsel for the Bill w ere also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And

t

376 12° — 13° Aprilis. A. 1790.

Isle of Mann Bill committed.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle for the Yeas, . } 63.

{Mr. Curwen, j

Mr. Michael Angelo [ 30. Taylor: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of CouD?7 the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Rritain called England, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, B31 respect, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon in8 Seizura the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs de err*d‘ to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ferred. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday *«« de' Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

*rred' whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Distillery Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Btll deferred. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Tim^ an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited 1 imc, certain Imposts

Mariis, 13° die Aprilis;

Anno 30° Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

JTRANCOISE Antoinette De Luc took the Oaths DeL«e appointed, in order to her Naturalization. sworn. J

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Account of the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; Diapoeition and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1789 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of April 1790, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

As

<1

o

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1789 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day April 179°

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

C3

O

o

w

o

CA

o

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

SERVICES.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 20,000 Men, including 3,860 Marines, from the £. t.

1st Day of January 1789 - - - - -.....988,000 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1789 ----- - 713,000 -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1789 - - - 575,57o ——

For Ordnance, Land Service ——

For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For the Pay of Five Companies of Military Artificers, for the Year 1789 ——

For the Pay of One Company of Military Artificers, for the Year 1789 ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Par-O liament in 1788 ——

To defray the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1789 ——

8\

£. s. d, 220,576 15 8 52,000 — — .

9,620 ——

i>924 1 8

9*306

218,017

H

a

''For defraying the Charge of 17,448 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of £ s. d.

Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1789 638,562 14 1

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Pay of the Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year 1789 - -- - 315*915 8 9

To make good the Deficiency on the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of several Regiments

and Companies of Foot, for several Periods, in the Year 1788 - -- - 2,891 17 nj

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 7 Regiments of Foot serving in North America, and the West Indies, for 365 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1788 to the 24th Day of December 1789, both Days inclusive - ----- ----- ----- --- - 8,245 10 1

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India,

for the Year 1789 - - -..... - - - 11,435 12 10 J

For making good the Deficiency on the Charge of the Full Pay of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the

Year 1788 - -- --..... ----- - 1,023 11 10

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1789 - - - - 10,871 14 to j

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1789 - -- -- - 6,409 8 —

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters,

to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1789 ----- - 63,043 5 —

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1789 - -- -- - 172,787 5 5

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Frivate Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1789 212 14 7

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1789 - 3,392 14 2

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1789 55>°92 10 —

Sums voted or granted.

£, $* d,

2,276/570 ——

511,444 7 9

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

2,276,570 ——

51L444 7 9

Remains to be paids.

£. d.

o

XL*

r*

r S’

J o

05

00

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1789 -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1789 ....

For defraying the Charge of In and Oat Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1789 ——

For defraying the Charge of Subsidy which will be due to the Landgrave of Hesse, for the Year 1789, pursuant to Treaty - -

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Ladd Forces, and other Services incurred, from the 25th Day of Deceraber 1787 to the 24th Day of December 1788, and not provided for by Parliament.

v d.

4.907 iO —

9.943 3 3

»77.4«5 — 8

36,095 15 —

398,769 1 3

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st Day of January 1789 to the 1st Day of January 1790 -

For defraying the Charge or the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day -of

June 1790 - - -....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1789 to the 1st Day of January 1790 ——

For defraying the Change of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June

1790....

For defraying the Chorge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundkmd, from the 1st Day of April 1789 to the 1st Day of April *1790 ——

For idefa^dog the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public O&ceys out of the Duty'Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1789 to the 1st Day of January

1790 ....

For defacing the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June 1790 ——

For defraying the Change of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1789 to the 1st Day of

January 1790..... -....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1788/ to the 10th Day of October

1789 . ----- --....

For repairiq*, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

For jthe Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1789 -

To make Compensation to John Reeder, Esquire, for the Loss he sustained by the dismantling of an Iron Foundry in the Island of Jamaica, in the Year 1782, by Order of Sir Archibald Campbell, then Governor of the said Island To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of Addresses ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Address, for carrying on and completing the

Works at Carlton House - -- --..... ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, and Fees, Sec. attending the Receipt thereof ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of D°, for defraying the Expences of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of D°, and paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquire*s, Commissioners for American Claims, and for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of D°, to discharge Bills drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, Earl Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, and Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Governor of New Brunswick, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -- -- - ..

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of D°, to discharge Bills drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury, by Andrew Millar, Esquire, Commissary to the Settlement to New South Wales, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of llamozc, at Plymouth ——

£. * d. £ 1. d.

1,917,062 17 9 j 1,917.062 17 9 i

6,218 17 6 6,218 17 6

5,400 5,400

1,900 — — 1.900

2,100 2,100 — . —

1,182 10 — 1,182 10 —

4,080 — — 4,080 — —

580 580 — —

600 — — -

2,877 IO — - 13,000 3,000 4,000 2,877 i° — 13,000 3,000 4000

3,000 — — 34>37° 4 3,000 34.370 1 4

35,200 35.200

191.342 *3 — 191.342 13 —

4*>559 M — 4L559 11 —

2,111 — 6 2,111 — 6

1,286 19 9i 1,286 19 9 j

2,075 6 1 2,075 6 1

8,180 14 4 8,180 14 4

9

£. t. d.

600 — —

m

<0

o

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr.

o

o

eg

?r

o

r»

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining, confining, and employing Convicts on the Kiver Thames....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Mr. James Moualt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Office - ....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1787, at Lady Day 1789 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1787, at Michaelmas 1789 - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1788 ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 3,500,0001, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 28° Georgii and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1789, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of a,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 28° Georgii 3MI, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1789, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and the Interest thereon, as shall become due on or before the loth Day of October 1789, on all Orders made out pursuant to an Act «8° Georgii 3^, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

For Rewards to the Officers, and the necessary Expences attending the making forth the said Orders, and paying the same -

To John Farhill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission ——

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the severed fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 09° Georgii 3

To the s^id Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, and for I^istiounis on prompt Payments -..... ——

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, god delivering put Certificates in lieu thereof - -

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors on 1,002,500l. for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship ——

for Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors of 187,00o/. for Annuities granted for Eighteen " Years and Three Quarters, from the 5th Day of April 1789 - -

48.4171 is 5 48417 13 5

761 1 — 761 1 —

500 — 500 -

3,000 3,000

4>fies 8 6 4.693 8 6 ‘

900 900 —

20,3m 6 4 20,312 6 4

155.787 6 1 155.787 6 1

415.396 — nt 415.396 — 11*

331.649 18 3 i 33°.*33 4 10 4 13 5}

3-613431 8 10 J 3,«i343i 8 10 i

2,073.483 5 4i 4,073,283 5 4*

313.659 2 5 304,57<» 13 5 9,088 9 —

441° 16 7* 3,356 2 li 1,654 14 Si

1,564 5 6 i,56« 5 6

500,000 — - - 500,000 —

t7 — - 1,386 17 —

12,000 — — 1,000 — — 11,000 — —

1,124 3 10 - m 1,124 3 10

420 6 7 ' - 420 6 7

i]

o

H

ST*

CO

so

2,0

vS*

e -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving the said Contributions for Annuities on 1,002,500l. and of 187,00ol. and for paying the same into the Exchequer, Ac..... ——

£. x. d. *>15° 13 7

1 *>373,989 3 5 4

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same; t>iz.

L x. d.

2.000. 000 ——

750.000 — —

1,530,000 ——

1,002,140 — —

187.000 — —

771,562 10 — 3,500*000 ——

2.000. 000 ——

3,000 ——

398,769 1 3

By 4#. per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1789.

Out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Contributed towards 1,002,500l. for Annuities and Survivorship, of which 360/, on Shares, remain unpaid.

By Annuities to continue 18 Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th Day of April 1789.

By a Lottery.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1790.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

Of Money arisen by Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War in 1756.

The Balance remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, after satisfying the Outstanding Demands for the Year 1788.

12,142,471 11 3

231,517 12 24 Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£, 1 *,373,989 3 54

£. x. d.

11,845,747 5 64

£. x. d. 46,770 611

20,000 ——

226,258 14 94 57i — 3,124 3 10

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer, in Cash, of the Consolidated Fund To be raised on Credit of the Duty on Malt - -

Of Lottery Contributions ——

Of Contributions to Annuities for 18 Years and 4 -

Of D° - - - for Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services -

Me*".

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

For the late African Company's Creditors ——

For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,496/. 19*. i}d.

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 4* per Cent, granted

Anno 1785 ....

For the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica - - - .

£. x. d.

2,15° 13 7

528,241 17 11

»96.7»4 5 81

231,517 12 3$

£. t. d. 900 12 10

57o *7 7i

816 13 51 600 ——

2,888 3 11

g

ca

N

CD

CL

cr

1

1

A

Presented the 13th Day of April 1790, by

W. Speer.

380 13° Aprilis.

3© Ge®. III.

Ordered, That the said Account do He-upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the -Hobse.

Manchester Mr. Bldckburne reported from the Committee, -to Poor Petition whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Ovefseers reported. Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of

Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fulloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Bauman being examined, said, That from the present great Popnilousness of the Town of Manchester, and the daily Increase of the Poor belonging to that Township, the Workhouse now used there is found to be much too small, and in all Respects unfit lor the Accommodation of the Poor that are from Necessity sent thither. — And he added, That it is proposed to take down the present Workhouse, and to build a new one in a more convenient Situation, and that further jtegulations are wanting for the better Government of the said Poor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

.Road and Sir James Penny man reported from the Committee,

h"8ha?.In" to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a reported.1 certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates entitled to Right of Common on the Land to be inclosed of the Annual Value of 3411. 4 s.who had no Objection to the Inclosure, but did not chuse to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value of 189/. 15$. 6d. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Annual Value of all the Property entitled to Right of Common on the said Land is 1,025/. 16#. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That! the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

Petition A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord agaioet the Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition Md*Wor- she several other Persons whose Names are there-ctster canal unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Coal Bill. Mines lying upon, of near to, the Line of the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Two Acts having passed in the Year 1776, for making the said Dudley and Stourbridge Canals, the greait Objects of which Navi-Vol. 45.

'gations were, by communicating with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Stourton, to supply the City of Worcester, and the other Towns and Places on the River Severn, as also the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford, with Coals from the Mines lying upon, and near to, the Line of the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, the Petitioners, and those under whom they claim, were induced, at a very great Risque and Hazard, to open Collieries on the Line of the said Canals, and to lay out large Sums of Money in planting and establishing the same, and by Means thereof the City Of Worcester, and the Counties of.

Worcester, Gloucester, and Her ford, have been supplied with Coals from the Petitioners Mines in very large Quantities, and in a constant and regular Manner; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, which Canal is calculated to give a Preference in the Severn Market to the Mines on the Line of the Birmingham Canal lying nearest to the Town of Birmingham, and will operate greatly to the Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioners, without any real Advantage to the Public:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Agents or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Water jign,n.8t d*e Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers, and Wcn-Bm Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the cester Canal Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, and Bill, the Neighbourhood thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed an Application is making to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Canal Navigation from the Town of Birmingham, to communicate with the River Severn, at or near the City of Worcester; and that, below the Line of such intended Canal, there are many Mills worked by Water flowing from various Springs and Brooks arising in and above the Line of such intended Canal, at which Mills very extensive Trades and Manufactories are carried on, and large Sums of Money have been expended in planting and establishing such Works and Manufactories, and the Support and Maintenance of a large Body of Manufacturers and Labourers, their Wives and Children, depend on such Works; and that the present Supply of Water is not fully sufficient for the necessary Uses of the said Mills and Works, and, in case the said intended Canal should take place, the same must unavoidably intercept and take away great Part of the Resources of Water which now feed and support the Brooks and Streams from whence the said Mills are supplied, and thereby such Mills and Works will be very considerably injured, if not wholly ruined, and the Trade lost; and that the Petitioners apprehend no Advantage is likely to be derived to the Public from the said intended Canal adequate to the Injury which the Petitioners, and others, will unavoidably sustain thereby:

And therefore praying,-That such Bill may not pSss into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, and Neighbourhood of Bromsgroce, in the County of Worcester, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or froth near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the 5 E County

382

13° Aprilis.

A. 1790.

County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Right of Trial by Jury.

" An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and " Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof: " And therefore praying. That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, and particularly

said Petitions.

Petition in A Petition of the principal Manufacturers of Salt Favour of the (who are Merchants trading in the Port of Bristol in Bgham that Article) in the Borough of and County

cesterCanal Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; BUI. Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining

a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, to Cotgt»« in-whom the Bill to confirm and establish the Division, closu[*dBllf Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Mea- repor dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Cot grave, in the County of Linlhhpnw An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter ham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the Roads Bill the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee

passed. Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his had examined, and lound that the Standing Orders

late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of the House, of the -isth ot April 1774, relative to

of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads Bills ot Inclosure, had been complied with; and that

lying within the County of Linlithgow, was read the the Committee had examined the Allegations the

Third Time. Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par-

The Amendments following were severally proposed ties concerned had given their Consent to the Hill, to

the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-

Ta

Qi

to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 13. To leave out from " that " to " it," in 1. 24.

1. 24. To leave out " likewise."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That Sir William Cunynghame do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Norwich and A Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Hatton Road Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and Bill com widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the

muted. County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in

the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbour- L«ed* Water hood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water; and »»<l Lightiiij; for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets, ®!^m' and other Places, within the said Town and Neighbour- m hood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

STd!

srifi

-i&L

Petition against the Tobacco Act.

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Trades-

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes Instruction of the House, of the 5th Day of March last, of the toCoromitte* Petition of RichardBenyon, Esquire, and the Reverend church Bill

Peter Beauvoir, Rector of the Parish of Saint John,

Hackney, in the County of Middlesex (Lords of the

men of the Borough of Derby, was presented to the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory, of Hackney afore'

said, as Trustees and Devisees in Fee under the Will of Francis John Tyssen, Esquire, deceased) and of several Owners of Lands and Estates, and principal Inhabitants within the said Parish, which Petition was then ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Church

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but, the Petitioners' are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Re- and Tower belonging to the Parish of Hackney, in the venue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be County of Middlesex, and for building another Church to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for

and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity enlarging the Cemetery or Church Yard thereto,

of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very is committed, might be read.

End for which they are declared to be introduced, And the same being read accordingly.;

and in this Light the Petitioners regal'd an Act, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Compassed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, mittee, That they, have Power to make Provision in 07 . the

30 Geo. III. 13° Aprilis.

383

the said Bill for confining the Powers thereof to the taking down, and re-building upon the same Foundation, the present Church and Tower, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, or to re-build and enlarge the same on the present Scite, and to enlarging the present Church Yard.

Longitude Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Bill reported. Committee of the/ whole House, to whom the Bill for x continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons

making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark slia 1 exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

0

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimates,*c.' Command, presented.

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- Nova Scotia, blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ist of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- New Brun*-blishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, wick, from the 24th of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791:

And also,

Bill for rai*- An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, ing aSum by by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Loans or Ex- Questhousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read the

chequer Buis J

passed. Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for rais- An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money

ing further by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

Sum by Loans Questhousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read the or Exchequer Bills passed. Third Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expiring Laws Bill

passed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read the Third Time.

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- St. John’s blishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from Wand, the 1st of January 1790 to the 1st of 1791:

And also.

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- Cape Breton, blishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791:

And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries Newfound-of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of land' Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1790 to the 1st of April 1791: And. also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Bahama Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to Island*, the Salaries now. paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791: And also,

A Paper intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Bermuda " the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of Island*.

" June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791And also,

A Paper intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominica.

" the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1790 " to the 1st of January 1791 And also,

Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South New South Wales, from the 1 oth of October 1790 to the Wale*.

1 oth of October 1791: And also,

A Paper intituled, "Totals of the Estimates." Total* of the And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers Estimate*. were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth;

Vo t. 45.

ESTIMATE

A, 1790.

13° AprUis.

NovaScotis ESfl MATE of the Charge of defraying ,the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nona Scotia,

in America,.from the fut of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice -

Attorney General - - - - .

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - - '

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Trea&uner ——

Agent ——

Allowance to a Bishop ——

to Ministers -

0* towards erecting a Building near Windsor for the Reception Students, to be called Ranges College, which, upon an Estimate made, may, it is supposed, be completed for about 3,000l. ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England -

Mrp. How's Annuity ——

£. s.

1,000 ——

850 ——

150 ——

250 ——

ICO ——

150 ——

50 -

200 ——

700 ——

965 ——

1,000 — —

75 ——

100 ——

Allowance to the Superintendent of the Fishery - ....

On Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants ....

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennet, whose Services as Missionary to the Indians, have heep veiy meritorious, and who, by a Paralytic Stroke, is rendered incapable of performing his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society to another Missionary, he is pow reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress -....

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Breyntoo, late Minister at Halifax, who, from his advanced Age, and a Service of upwards of Forty-five Years, during which Time he has borne an exemplary Character, finds it necessary to relinquish his Preferment -

D* to the lati; Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, until otherwise provided for - - - - -....

Total - -

too —

300 — ~

100 ——

150 -

136 17 $ 6,376 17 6

New8ruj«- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, w,ck’ in America, from the 24th Day of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

to Three Assistant Judges, 300 /. each Attorney General -Secretary, -Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer....

Surveyor General of Lands -

Agent - ....

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ..

To an Allowance on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies

Total -

- £

£. s. d. 1,000 ——

500 ——

poo ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

1 50 -

700 ——

500 — —

4,400 ——

ESTIMATE

385

13°

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, Saint John’*

from the 1st of January 179® to the 1st of January 1791. island.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal ——

Minister.....-

Surveyor General ——

Agent ——

To an Allowance for Contingencies -.

D* - - on Account, for the Receipt and Auditing ——

D* - - to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner', until otherwise provided for

Total - -

£. s.

500 ——

300 ——

too -

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

70 ——

100 ——

100 ——

130 ——

100 ——

go ——

1,840

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in CapeBreton. America, from the 34th of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Chief Justice -Attorney General -

Secretary, Register and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Minister ——

Surveyor General - -

Agent -....

Allowances upon Account, for unforeseen Contingencies -

Total ----£.

£. s. 500 — 300 — 100 — 150 — 100 — 100 — -100 — 100 — 150 — 500 —

d

2,100 —

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfound-Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1790 to the 1st of April 1791. land-

Salary of the Governor -

Governor’s Secretary Judge of the Admiralty Naval Officer -Agent -

On Account, for Fees for Receipt and Audit

Total -£.

£ 3.

500 — — 182 10 —

200 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

1,182 10 —

Vol. 45.

5 F

A. 1790.

13° Aprilis.

Bahama ESTIAMTE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

Chief Justice ——

to Two Assistant Judges, 200l. per Annum each - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Provost Marshal ——

Attorney General ---....

Naval Officer ——

Minister ——

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera ——

D* - to Two Missionaries to the other Islands - -

D* - to the Surveyor General of Lands - -

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -

Agent ——

Allowance on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies ——

Total -

£ s.

800 ——

500 ——

400 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

70 ——

70 -

140 — —

150 ——

700 — —

150 ——

500 ——

4,080 ——

Bermuda SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June Islands. 1790 to the 24th of June 1791 -

Fees on Receipt ——

£. s. d.

500 ——

80 ——

Total

580 ——

Dominica. SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1790 to 1st January 1791.....-

£. s. d.

600 —

To cease when a Salary has been provided by the Legislature of the Island.

387

Q

l ESTIMATE for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the loth of October 1790

to the 10th of October 1791.

Allowance to the Governor ——

Lieutenant Governor -

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commissary..... ——

Provost Marshal ——

Chaplain ——

Surgeon - - , -

Three Mates, each 91 /. 5$.

Surveyor of Lands - -

Lieutenant of Norfolk Island, whose Half Pay as a Lieutenant in the Navy will cease#on this Appointment - -

Commissary of Stores and Provisions ——

Assistant Chaplain ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Ten Superintendants of Convicts, at 40/. per Annum each, engaged to serve for Three Years after their Landing ——

Arrear of Salary to the Assistant Chaplain from the 2d July last, the Date of his Appointment, to the 9th of October next ——

D* — of Salary to the Superintendants, from the Date of their respective Appointments to the 9th of October next ——

- Agent ——

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit -

Total - -

£. s. d.

1,000 ——

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 — 91 5 —

182 10 — 182 10 — 273 15 ~ 182 10 —

250 ——

91 5 ~ 146 ——

.91 5 ~

400 ——

186 ——

5i6 7 8

150 ——

200 ——

4,558 7 8

T O T A L S of the ESTIMATES.

Nova Scotia ....

New Brunswick ----- .

Sanit Johns ....

Cape Breton ....

Newfoundland - -- --.

Bahamas ——

Bermuda ——

Dominica ——

New South Wales ——

Total - - .

£. s. d, 6,376 17 6

4,400 ——

1,840 ——

2,100 ——

1,182 10 —

4,080 ——

580 ——

600 ——

4,558 7 8

35,717 J5 2

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do was committed, the Amendments which the Corn-lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-the House. rected him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Mr. llolle, according to Order, reported from the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

ported,'and" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Where the Report was read.

'fcfom- explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth And the House being informed that several other

"Mud. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Par- Bill;

liament for that Part of Great Britain called England, Resolved, That the said Bill bo rc-commitfed.

Vol. 45. Resolved,

4

New South Wales.

13° Apr

A. 1790.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. from

Tobacco*" the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he presented, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Manufactured Tobacco and Snuff, which appears by the Returns of the Officers of Excise to have been consumed in,

from the loth Day of October 1789 to the 17th Day of March 1790^ being the latest Period to which the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuffy together with the Produce of the Duties on such Licences; and also, of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, together with the Produce of the Duties on such Licences; And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, of every Description, Specification, or Denomination, manufactured, unmanufactured, and in Operation, in Possession of all the Manufacturers, Cutters, and Grinders of, and Dealers in, Tobacco and Snuff) in England,at the first Time of Stock taking by the Officer after the Commencement of the Tobacco Excise Act; and also a similar Account at the last Time of Stock taking.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of tire several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Reports, in Ordered, That the Reports, which, upon the 26th 1758 and Day of May 1758, and the nth Day of April 1759, red to Com- were ma<^e from the Committees appointed to enquire mitteeon into the original Standards of Weights and Measures Weights and in this Kingdom, be referred to the Committee who Measures. are appointed to consider the several Returns which have been, or shall be, made to the Orders of this House, of the# 5th Day of February last, respecting the different Weights and Measures now in Use in the several Cities and Market Towns throughout England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Txveed.

Trade.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Slave a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relativfe to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Young took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel to sum up, and observe upon, the Evidence given in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of Liverpool; and that he was directed by the

Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the several Owners of Vessels, Barge- Petition masters, Carriers, and others, Traders upon the River against the Severn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was anTworces presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of ter Canal the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill, from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester; and Setting forth, That there has been already completed one Communication by Water from the Town of Birmingham to Worcester, by Means of the present Birmingham, and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canals, which latter Canal tails into the River Severn at pourt, and another Communication is now making, and nearly finished, between those Places and the several Coal Mines on the Line of the said Birmingham Canal, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals at Tipton; and that the Object of making such Canals was not only to convey Coals from the Mines lying on the different Lines thereof into the Severn Market, but also to connect,the several Branches of Inland Navigation with the River Severn, and thereby form a general Communication for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and Liverpool, and the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and other manufacturing Towns and Places on the Line of such Canals, and the City of Worcester, and other Towns and Places on the Banks of the River Severn, and which has been accordingly effected, and the Public have been greatly benefited thereby; and that the River Severn is a free Navigation, formed by Nature, and of the greatest Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, but, in dry Seasons, it is often deficient in Water for navigating Vessels of heavy Burthen, and the Petitioners conceive the Project of making the said intended Canal from Birmingham to Worcester is. not founded on Principles either of Necessity or Public Utility; and that the Petitioners understand that the Supply of Water, necessary for the said proposed Canal, is to be taken out of the River Secern, the doing whereof will occasion an irreparable Injury to the Navigation of the said River, and be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may. be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bill respecting, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing Seizures upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the deferred-Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

30 Gao. III.

Petition in fa\our of th Birmingham and \\ i trees* terCanalBili.

Petition against the Tobacco Act.

Ditto.

14° Apritis.

389

Merctarii, 14° die Aprilis;

Anno 30’ Georgii III'11 Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill lor making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of,

in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Person thereunto subscribing, being the only Manufacturer of Tobacco and Snuff in the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament passed last Session, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof," a new System is introduced, whereby the Manufactory is rendered difficult, tedious, expensive, dangerous, unprofitable, and ruinous; difficult, because the Act obliges the Manufacturer to work by a fixed Rule, which, although it may appear easy upon Theoretical Principles falsely founded, never can be practicable on the Article of Tobacco, being in its very Nature fluctuant — It is rendered tedious and expensive by the numberless Weighings, Re-weighings, taking of Stock, Notices, Declarations, and Counter-Declarations, all unnecessary, oppressive, and futile; dangerous, unprofitable, and ruinous, because the Act contains no less than Thirty-two Penalties in the Manufacturing Part, amounting to the enormous Sum of 2,390/., besides Forfeiture of Goods, the greatest Number of which the best of Judges, and the most careful honest Man, cannot avoid: That the Petitioner, notwithstanding he has paid the legal Duties on all his Tobacco, has, nevertheless, under the Operation of the said Act, incurred Penalties in his Manufactory, which no human Foresight could have avoided (without rendering the Goods unfit for Sale) to the Amount of 8,0001, and upwards, and, had it not been for a partial Suspension of the Act, must have been the total Ruin of himself and Family — It is ruinous also, because it defeats its own professed Purpose, for, instead of suppressing Smuggling, it has erected an Asylum for it in One Department, and generated a new and successful Mode in another — It is ruinous also, because it expressly prohibits a Manufacturer from selling nearly One Third of his Stock (Tobacco Stalks) because it says, he shall not send them to a Port of Importation, which, Nineteen Times out of Twenty, is his only Market, and the Petitioner has, at this Moment, a large Stock on Hand which he cannot sell, owing to the Operation of the Act in this particular Instance — It is ruinous also, because it exposes and destroys all the Manufacturers Secrets, which have been of inestimable Value to them, and have, for many Years, proved a Source of great and increasing Revenue to this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, and the Duties reduced, because the Petitioner conceives no other Measure can now be adopted to secure the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff to this Country.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully convinced the Vox.. 4 3.

Laws of Excise are not only hostile to our free and happy Constitution, but that they depress the Spirit of Trade and Manufacture, on which the National Opulence depends, and although the Revenue mayderive a temporary Increase from their Exertion, yet it will most certainly, in the Event, wholly defeat the Purpose it was intended to promote; and that the Petitioners apprehend, from the Experience of the Manufacturers of Tobacco In the said City, that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, applying to them this System of Laws, is extremely oppressive, and subjects the fair Trader to Penalties, which, with all his Caution, he cannot avoid: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed; and that the Excise Laws may not b further extended, to the Destruction of those Princip.es of Liberty which distinguish this Nation from arbitrary Governments.

A Petition of the Traders of the Borough oi Newbury Petition and Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, was also "P‘nst presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That 10 acco 1 the Petitioners are folly sensible of the Necessity of raising a ll'evenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but that the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, they will ultimately tend to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereofAnd therefore praying, That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Ditto, being the Traders and Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield \was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they were declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff', and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereofAnd therefore praying, That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, ana particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, rjjtto. being principal Traders or Inhabitants of the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but; the Petitioners are convinced, however the

5 G Rigour

Answer to Address.

390 14° Aprilis. A. 1790.

Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase to the Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu " thereofAnd therefore praying, That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, " and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The Earl of Courtaum reported to the House, that their Address of the 1st Day of this Instant April (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commandedhim

to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in the Goldsmith* Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Bill com-George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better mltted'

" preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver " Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate " imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and " Silver Wrought Plate made in Great " as

relates to the marking of Silver Wares, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant AdTesae*0 to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament; viz.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied towards the Payment of Pensions to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America - -

To Messrs. Eyre and Stratum, towards defraying the Expences incurred in respect of the several Books and Papers directed to be prepared and printed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of " Persons qualified to vote at County Elections - -

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defaying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons - ....

£- t. d. 28,000 ——

15,000 ——

1,200 — —

3,484 iS 3

739 *7 — 48,424 15 3

Exchequer, the 14th Day of April 1790.

Rob* Jennings.

Ordered,

The Lords have agreed to

Deverill Inclosure Bill.

Terrington Embanking and Inclosure Bill.

Bromsgrove and Birmingham Road Bill.

Road and Langham Inclosure Bill passed.

Longitude Bill passed.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts,

&c. referred. Money issued for maintaining Convicts at Plymouth.

14° Aprilis.

391

Ordered, That the stud Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Deverill Long-bridge, Hussey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Stunt and Terrington

Saint Johns, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Commons within the said Parishes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year Of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common ’or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which, have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Vox,. 45.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Money Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, is9ued /°.r maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Par- the Thames, liament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which ForCouimis-have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, 81unef* for reappointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last f^pp^g ofe Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, Slaves.

" for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which For Commis-have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners *so«»ers of appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and which have not been made

good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which ForCommis-have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners ^V8C^[ appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalist*. Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which For Prosecu* have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren r’- 88 n^s' Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made

good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued to Forenquiring John Dally, to defray the Expences in executing an Act of last Sesion of Parliament, for enquiring into officers of the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs, be the Customs, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums For paying issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Ex- *-"

change, and other Purposes, by the Directions of the c ange' Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid ForCoromis-to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, 6‘oners for Commissioners appointed to esquire, in America, into Sufferer*!1 the Losses of American Sufferers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued to ForExpences the Earl of Effingham, for defraying the Extraordinary of the Mint. Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of For Provi-sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Set- &c* to tlements in New South Wales, be referred to the said w^s"ou Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued to For printing Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Reports on Lords of the Committee of Council, concerning the Trade!*1 present State of the Trade to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money Disposition given for the Service of the Year 1789 has been dis- GraDts-posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of April 1790, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Estimate of ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Nova Scotia* Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- NewBruns-firaying the Civil Establishment of the Province of 'v'ck*

New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June

1790

Estimate of St. Johns Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

-African

Company's

Petition.

Instruction relative to the Mint.

Petition against the Leeds Water and Lighting

392 14° Aprilis. A. 1790.

1790 to the 24th of June 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America,from the 1st of January 1790 to

the 1st of January 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1790 to the 1st of April 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from " the 24th of June 1790 to the 24th of June 1791," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st " of January 1790 to the 1st of January 1791," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South from the 10th of

October 1790 to the 10th of October 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint, in the Year 1788.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of Samuel Sagar, of Bradford, in the County of York, Gentleman, Proprietor of the Water Works for supplying the Town of Leeds, in the said County, with W ater, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, to enable Commissioners to convey Water into the said Town of Leeds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whereby the Petitioner apprehends his Estate and Interest in the said Water Works will be greatly injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioner may be heard,

by his Counsel, against the passing of such Bill, and be permitted to send for such Persons and Papers, and at such Time, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 311,1

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining Account of

in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1790, of co^ndated the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other pun(j re_ Revenues of the Fund, commonly called The Consoli- ferred. dated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. . *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according Edinburgh to Order, a Bill for building and maintaining a new Gaol, Gaols Bl11 Bridewell, and House of Correction, in and for the PreMntfd* City and County of Edinburgh: And the 8ame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the East India Minute of Sir John Macpherson on the Establishment of the Office of Sheristadar, entered on the Bengal ordered* Revenue Consultations, 4th July 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract from the Bengal General Letter, Secret Department, Reform, and Inspection, dated 28th August 1786, transmitting the Analysis of the Finances of Bengal, by James Grant, Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Political Survey of the Northern Circars, by James Grant, Esquire, transmitted by the Bengal Government, in the Year 1786, to the Court of Directors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Report, &c. Copies of the Attorney and Solicitor General’s Report,

in 1781, on

in the Year 1781, on the Bill to explain and amend an ManWll Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present ordered. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution

30 Geo. III.

14° prilis.

393

tion a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty " King George the First, between the Commissioners " of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and " Dutchess of Atholl the Proprietors of the Isle of " Man, and their Trustees, for the Puschase of the said Island, and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Mane-rial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Rights, Powers, and Remedies therein mentioned; and also, the Report of the Crown Officers of the Isle of Man on the said Bill.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an relating to Account of the Quantity of Tea remaining unsold on eaor ere . lstof jifarch 1785, and on the 1st of March 1790;

distinguishing the different Sorts on Hand at each Period.

Ordered, That there be laid, before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea imported from China, and purchased in Europe, between the 1st of March 1785 and the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing the different Sorts imported and purchased in each Year between the above Periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and different Sorts of Tea sold between the 1st of March 1785 and the 1st of March 1790; distinguishing the different Sorts sold at the Annual Sales between the above Periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea unsold, remaining in the East India Company’s Warehouses, which has been exposed to Sale; distinguishing the different Sorts.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Account That there be laid before this House, an Account

Tro^rwsed (from the Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces) of the

for India. Sums due to the Public from the East India Company

Neg. on Account of Troops raised for, and serving in,

India, during the last Five Years, distinguishing the Amount charged to the Company for the Expence of each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

Account of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums for Account of the Sums advanced by the Paymaster Jf°J‘PJ£used General of His Majesty’s Forces, on Account of Troops raised for, and serving in, India, during the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year.

for India, ordered.

Correspondence, &c. relative to Arrears of Troops in India to be printed.

Order for s4 Reading of Glasgow Police Bill, read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper, containing the Correspondence between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and the Court of Directors of the East India Company, relative to the Payment of Arrears due on Account of the King’s Troops in India, under the Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, Cap. 65, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the Recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company, together with the Orders sent to India in Consequence of that Correspondence (which was presented to the House, upon the 5th Day of March 1788, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands, for

Vo l. 45.

paving, lightning, and cleansing, the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the said City, and for giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow for the Benefit of the said City;

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petitions Heretors, Burgesses, Householders, or Residenters, in *8"n,t the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and p0^e Bill; read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are of Opinion, That it will not be for the Interest of the said City, or the Inhabitants thereof, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law:

And therefore praying to be heard by Cotinsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Proprietors, Life-renters, or Tacksmen, of Houses,

Lands, and Burying Grounds, in the City of Glasgow, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, it is proposed by the said Bill to take from them certain Lands, Houses, Burying Grounds, or other Landed Property, in which they have an Interest, for the Purpose of opening new and widening Old Streets in the said City, and the Petitioners are surprized that such a Bill should have been brought into the House without any Application being made to them for their Consent, or any'Notice, either public or private, having been given to them by the Persons on whose Application the said Bill has been brought in; and that the Petitioners conceive they will be materially injured, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Second Read-posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time. "8 deferred.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " nowr," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Tuesday " Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now’’stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Tuesday Morning next" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Distillery ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill deferred. House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits from England to

5 H Scotland,

394 14° — 15°

Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

in Seizures Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-deforred. >ng» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aprilis. A. 1790.

Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated at 113/. 18 a. 7 d.per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according Manchester to Order, a Bill for providing a new Poor House for, Poor Bill and for the better Relief and Government of, the presented. Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jovis 13° die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1790.

Pra yebs.

Petition A PETITION of the Earl of Plymouth, and the respecting Jr\. humble Petition of several other Owners of

shlreCana?" Estates in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, upon the 26th Day of March last, Notice hath been given, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County, of Application having been made to Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to, or near to, the Town of Cardiff, in the said County, in such Manner as is required to he given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 20th Day of 1789, of Applications intended to be made relative to Navigation Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal, by such Ways ana Means, and under such. Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Gilbert, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Clayworth Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, reorted681* *° w^om ^e Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, repor ‘ and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 2/. 155. 7 per Annum, Who had not been applied to for their Consent; and also, except the Owner of Lands, whose Property is rated at 15 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the

ot

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, petition* being Grocers and Traders, and Dealers in Tobacco, against the in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: Tobacco Act And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, being Inhabitants of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto Subscribing, being the Manufacturers and Traders of the City of Canterbury: And also,

A Petition Of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Traders and Inhabitants of the City of Chester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully Sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigences of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereofAnd therefore praying, that the saihe may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the Duties on " Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting ,c new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

A Petition

Petitions in Favour of the Birmingham and Worcester Canal BUI.

Statements of Debts and Effects of the East India Company, ordered*

Petition

respecting

Hitchinltoad

Acts.

Accounts of Coast Bonds, &c. presented

395

A Petition of the several Persons vrhose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mills on the River Rea: And also,

A Petition from the Borough of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debt transferred from India) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Oiitwards, as they stood on the ist of March 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 17S9; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin,in the County of Hertford, through the

Town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm House, called Saint Leonard's, leading into the Turnpike Road from Saint Alban's to the Town of Bedford, and the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge, and from the Town of

over Henlow Bridge, to Arlesey and also the Road from Shefford Way Post to the Turnpike Road at Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave given by the House, upon the 30th Day of March last. Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, that Application had been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, for such Time, and in such Manuer, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Whitbread,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Coast Bonds taken at the several Ports in Scotland, during the Year 1788: And also,

An Account of the Number of Certificates of Foreign Goods that have been imported into, and entered Outwards from, the several Ports in Scotland, during the Year 1788: And also,

Vol. 45.

An Account of the Number of Debentures that have been paid at the several Ports in Scotland, during the Year 1788: And also.

An Account of the Number of Isle of Man Bonds taken at the several Ports in Scotland, during the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from Accounts re* the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at latingtoTo-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- bacc°presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, senw '

An Account of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Produce of the Duties on such Licences; and also, of the Number of Persons who have taken out Licences as Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, together with the Produce of the Duties on such Licences: And also,

An Account of the Duty on Tobacco received since the passing of the Act of the last Session of Parliament to the 5th of April 1790, the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re-- ferred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from tire Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bradley That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Eight hun- for Convict* dred Eighty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Six at pl7mouth-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Bradley,

Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of at Plymouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr> Carop-That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand bell for D° on Two hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shil- the Thames, lings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, winch has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it i6 the Opinion of this Committee, p>or regulat-That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, ing the Sbip-be granted to His Majesty, to make good the- like Pin8of Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Slaves' Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An1

1

396 15° Aprilis A. 1790.

For Commissioners of East Florida Claims.

For American Loyalists.

Expences of Mr. Hastings’s Prosecution.

Expences of enquiring into Emoluments of Officers of the Customs.

Mr Cotton to pay Bills of Exchange, &c.

Commissioners for American Sufferers.

Expences of the Mint.

Provisions, Ac. for New South Wales.

For printing Reports concerning the African Trade.

Deficiency of Grants.

Nova Scotia.

An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying ;on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire.:

Resolved, That it, is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to defray the Expences of executing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, paid to Thomas D and Jeremy Pembei'-

ton. Esquires, Commissioners appointed to esquire, in America, into the Losses of American Sufferers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Five hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, issued to the Earl of Effingham, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Six hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlements in New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing the Reports of the Lords of the Committee of Council concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty-one thousand Five hundred and Seventeen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for detraving the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of January 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New Bruns-That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hun- wicfc* dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of jMwe'1790 to the 24th Day of June 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, St. John’s That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hun- kindred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of January 179*-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton. That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1790 to the 24th Day of June 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfouud-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hun- *and* dred'and Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majety, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1790 to the 1st Day of April 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bahama That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Eighty islands. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of January 1791-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bermuda That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Islands. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1790 to the 24th Day of June 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica. That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of January 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Establish-That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1790 to the 10th Day of October 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, African Fort*. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to Forth and whom the Bill for forming a Junction between the Clyde Navi-Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, se- repor veral former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of

Lands,

Lands, Mills, and others, in the Shire of in

the Neighbourhood of the Monkland Navigation, thereunto subscribing, was referred; That the (Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Report Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from

Way* and the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

Means. ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for rais-

ing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

'Snrplns of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Consolidated That, towards making good the Supply granted to Fund. His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of

Six hundred Twenty-one thousand One hundred Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1790, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

liowbrickhill Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom . the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-and re-common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, uitted. within the Parish of Bo and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, except that One of the Notices was affixed upon the Church Door of Bletchley (within which Parish the Hamlet of Fenny Stratford lies) on the 4th of October last, but that all the Parties, interested in the Inclosure within the said Hamlet, are consenting to the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 8 Acres; and that the whole Property consists of 1,924 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; ''Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the 6ame was committed.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Slave Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

e wr* ‘ upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited,

and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Vol. 45.

Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a

limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in ‘ British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-ipg next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account or Account, shewing the Average Quantities of Tobacco Tobacco de-delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Home Manufacture) and the Duties paid Warehouses thereon, in the several Quarters ending the 5th Ja- ordered. nuaru, the 5th April, 5th July, and 10th October, for Six Years preceding the toth of October 1789; also the Quantities delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses, with the Duties of Customs and Excise paid thereon, in the Quarters ending the 5 th of January and the 5th of April 1790;

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Binhingtam Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a a,<* Worces-Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of ""aoff Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communi- for 3Months, cate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester-,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words "upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Telle, for he Noes, *

So it passed in the Negative:

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Reports, in Copies of the Attorney and Solicitor General’s Reports, *78o>®"'the in the Year 1780, on the Bill to explain and amend an °ordered. Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of " Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King " George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and DutcheSs of " Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their " Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island, and " its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein " particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the most Noble John Duke of Atholl, in the said Island, and to enable the said-Duke, and his Heirs, to-exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned; and also, the Report of the Grown Officers of the Isle of fM&n.on the said Bill.

The other; Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That'this House will, upon Monday Mom- Distillery ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bl11 deferred. House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in

51 the

398 15° — 16° Aprilis. A. 1T90.

the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines arid Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties u|>on Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the I Vest Indies.

Bill respect- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

deferrwJUre* ’n§ nex*> res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty's Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Hitch in Hoad Bill ordered.

Praters.

MR. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of H in the County of Hertford, through the Town of and Carrington

Cotton End,to a Lane opposite a Farm House, called Saint Leonard's,leading into the Turnpike Road from

Saint Albans to the Town of Bedford, and the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into Hen-law Field,to Oerford Bridge, and from the Town of Henlow over Henlow Bridge, to Arksey, and also the Road from Shefford JVay Post to the Turnpike Road at Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, arid bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wee read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the Said Petition, Mr. Daniel Tunes informed your Committee, That Notices of aa Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terns and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, were affixed on the Dears of the Sessions Houses of the Counties of Her ford and Bedford, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the 30th Day of March last The House was moved, That the Report which, apon the 30th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through She ford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to and from She ford Way Post to the Turnpike Road at Hen-

low, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads in the said Act9 mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from St. Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford: And that Mr.

Plumer and the Lord Grimston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition being the Traders of the Borough and Town of Marl- against the borough. Wills, was presented to the House, and read; Twbacco Act* Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu thereof:" And therefore praying. That the same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, and to the Subversion of the dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under this free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, be- Ditto, ing the Traders in Tobacco and Snuff of the City of Coventry, was also presented to the House, and read;

Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com* Ditto, ntonalty, of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to' the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are willing to bear their Share of the Public Burthen, yet they cannot refrain expressing their Fears and Apprehensions at the alarming and increasing Extension of the Excise Laws, which, they are fully convinced, are inimical to the true Spirit of Trade, and injurious to the Liberty of the Subject; and that the Petitioners are satisfied, from Undoubted Information, that the System of Excise Cannot be continued in its Application to the Manufacture of Tobacco, without great Obstruction to the Manufacturer in his Operations, and a most grievous Addition of Expence in prosecuting his Business: And therefore praying, That the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repeated, and that there be no further Adoption of the System of Excise, so hostile and injurious to those dearest Rights and Privileges which they claim under the free ana happy Constitution of this Country.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Ditto, being Traders within the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of SiUup, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of die State, and are ready, in an equal and Contitutional Manner, to contribute their 04 Share

Petition against the Tobacco Act.

Mr. Nevile's Petition against the Leeds Water and lighting Bill.

Share -to the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the County, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in " Lieu thereof:" And therefore praying, That the same may be repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, being Inhabitants of Doncasterin the County of York, was likewise' presented to the House, and read; Set ting forth. That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Necessity of raising a Revenue adequate to the Exigencies of the State, and are ready, in an equal and Constitutional Manner, to contribute their Share to the Public Burthen, but the Petitioners are convinced, however the Rigour of the Excise Laws may Cause a temporary Increase of Revenue, that their ultimate and certain Effect will be to diminish the Trade and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to strike at the Root of the Prosperity of this great Commercial Nation, and defeat the very End for which they are declared to be introduced, and in this Light the Petitioners regard an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " in Lieu thereof:" And therefore praying, That the Same may be forthwith repealed, and that the Excise Laws may not be further extended, to the Destruction of the Trading and Manufacturing Spirit of the Country, under this free Constitution, and particularly the Right of Trial by Jury.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the > Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on " Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new " Duties in Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

A Petition of John Pate NeoUe, of , in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of , in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner or Proprietor of certain ancient Water Corn and Soke Mills, at or near Leeds, called The King's Mills, and, as such is entitled to the Use of the Water in the River Aire, near Leeds, for the Purpose of working the said Mills, and is also the Owner or Proprietor of divers Lands, and other Hereditaments, at or near Leeds aforesaid; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, the same will not only greatly injure the Petitioner’s Mills, but will also be very prejudicial to his other Property at or near Leeds aforesaid: And therefore praying, That he may he heard, by himself, or his Agent, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by

Vol. 45.

himself, his Agent, or Counsel^ before the said Coin-mi ttee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Ship Owners using the Coal Trade in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Thirteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, were read: And,

Mr. William Ward being examined, said, That the said first-mentioned Act has proved to be of great Public Utility, and that the Continuance thereof will be of great Advantage to the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue at Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderland:" And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Burgages, or Tenements, within, or near unto, the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill is inexpedient and unnecessary, and, if passed into a Law, will be oppressive and injurious to them as Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, within, or near to, the said City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate: And therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said BiH, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the aatd Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An

Newcastle and Sunder* land Coal Traue Petition reported*

Petition against Durham Paving Bill*

16° Aprilis.

A. 1790.

Clnyworth An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and lnciosure Bill regulating certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, passed. Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of C/ayiin the County of Notting-

ham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating certain Open Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, w'ithin the Township and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lutterworth A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

commuted'1* anc* Commonable Places, in the Parish of

in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hare, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whychureb, A Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing fee. inclo* certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain committed Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of

church and Milborne, and Little in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Glamorgan- Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to hire Canal whom the Petition of the Earl of Plymouth, and the Bill ordered. huint,ie Petition of several other Owners of Estates, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation of the said Petition, Mr. James Cockshut produced to your Committee Copy of a Notice of an Application to Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near to the Town of Cardiff, in the County, of Glamorgan, which he saw affixed on the Door of the Session House of the said County, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 26th Day of March last.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Earl of Plymouth, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That- Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan: And that Sir William Dolben and Sir Herbert Mackworth do prepare* and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are Petitioti thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and against others, Owmers and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Township af>e of Wortley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that John Smyth, Esquire, Lord of the said Manor of Wortley, hath presented a Petition for Leatfe to bring in a Bill for consecrating a Chapel, lately erected on a certain Green, called Wortley Green, being Parcel of the Waste of the said Manor, and also for vesting the Common or Waste Ground, called Wortley Green, in him the said John Smyth, and his Heirs, Lord of the said Manor of Wortley, for the Time being; and that the Petitioners have an indisputable Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste Ground, called Wortley Green, and they conceive that the vesting the said Common and Waste Ground in the said John Smyth and his Heirs will very materially injure and prejudice their respective Estates in the said Manor and Township, by taking away and destroying their Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Ground: And therefore praying, That in case a Bill should be brought in, pursuant to any such Petition, that they may be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, to Oppose the same, or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Smyth, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wortley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Interest on in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Annuities,

An Account of Monies paid into the Exchequer, in presented! Part of Interest on the Sum of 187,000l. raised by Annuities, by an Act 29* Georgii , Tertii Regis, for the Year ended the 5th Day of April 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followethviz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities, by an Act 29* Georgii Tertii Rs. for the Year ended the 5th Day of April 1790.

The Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest upon the above Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand and Fifty-two Pounds Six Shillings.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of April 1790.

Rob* Jenn,

Ordered,

401

Account of Tobacco delivered out oi the King’s Warehouses, presented.

Honitoti Paving, &c. Pill reported.

East India Papers presented.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members Of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Average Quantities of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Warehouses in Great Britain, for Home Manufacture, and the Duties paid thereon, in the several Quarters ending the 5th of January, the 5th of April, the 5th of July, and the 10th of October, for Six Years preceding the 10th of October 1789; also the Quantities delivered out of His Majesty’s W arehouses, with the Duties' of Customs and Excise paid thereon, in the Quarters ending the 5th of January and 5th'’ of April 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " ia Lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Passage through the Town and Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, safe and commodious, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Minute of Sir John Macpherson, on the Establishment of the Office of Sherishtader, entered on th cBengalRevenue Consultations, 4th July 1786: And also,

N° 2. Extract from the Bengal General Letter, Secret Department of Reform and Inspection, dated 28th August 1786, transmitting the Analysis of the Finances of Bengal, by James Grant, Esquire: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Political Survey of the Northern Circars, by James Grant, Esquire, transmitted by the Bengal Government, in the Year 1786, to the Court of Directors.

Vol. 45.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of H°use ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ^owLy*. next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wayrand to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous a8a‘n8t the Liquors, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough Liquors Li-of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the County of cence Act. Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Foreign Spirituous Liquors, the Petitioners are obliged to take out an additional Licence Annually, for which they pay certain Sums, according to the Rent of the Houses occupied by them (that is to say) If the Rent is under Fifteen Pounds, 21. 8 s.; if Fifteen Pounds, and under Twenty Pounds, 2/. i6«.; and so on in Proportion to the Yearly Rent of Fifty Pounds, which pays 4/. 16$. and a House of One hundred Pounds, or upwards, per Annum, pays no more, and the Petitioners are required, by the said Act, to attend Eight Times in the Year at the Chief Office of Excise in London, to pay, by Installments, the Sums directed by the said Act; and that, before the passing of the said Act, the Legislature, in Consequence of the Commercial Treaty entered into with France, reduced the Duties upon Foreign Spirituous Liquors so low, as to enable the Petitioners to purchase Brandy of the best Quality at 7 s.6 d.per Gallon, upon an Average,

but which at this Time cannot be purchased for less that 12 s.per Gallon; and that the Petitioners understood that, the better to enable them to pay for the said Licences, all Smuggled condemned Spirituous Liquors were to be destroyed, but, instead thereof, such Liquors are now sold for the Accommodation of private Persons, in as small Quantities as Two Gallons, at the Custom House and Excise Sales, to Persons who are not Dealers, and who do not take out Licences; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Act, obliging them to take out such additional Licences, was passed in Consequence of the Duties upon Foreign Spirituous Liquors being reduced, which, it was apprehended, would greatly lessen the Revenue, but, the Petitioners are informed, the Revenue on such Spirits has since considerably increased; and that the Petitioners are ready and willing to concur in contributing, in common with their Fellow Subjects,

5 K to

Petition against Durham Paving BiH.

402

to the Exigencies of the State, yet they cannot but consider themselves as partially aggrieved by the Continuance of this additional (or Six Weeks) Licence Act, it being impossible for them to charge it on the Consumer, and, as the Petitioners are the only Persons who feel the Inconvenience and Expence of finding Quarters for Soldiers, and as they, as Dealers in Foreign Wines, are, by a late Act of Parliament, prohibited from dealing in Home-made Wines (generally called Sweets) by the Sale of which many of them used to make considerable Profits, they hope that the House will take their present oppressed Situation into Consideration: And therefore praying, That the said Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, may be repealed, or such other Relief granted them as the House shall think fit, and that they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, in Support of this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to- the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and Householders, residing in the City and Liberty of

1Vest minster, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the several Persons whose- Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Bur-« gages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the City of Durham, and the Suburbs and Neighbourhood thereof, and also, of the Merchants, Dealers, and Traders, in the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham and Borough of and the

Suburbs thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that several Clauses in the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will materially injure their Estates and Interests as Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Burgages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the City of Durham, and the Suburbs and Neighbourhood thereof, and also as Merchants, Dealers, and Traders, as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, before the Committee to whom the Bill is now referred, against such particular Clauses thereof as they conceive will prove materially injurious to their Estates and Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A. 1790.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the several Peti- " tions which have been presented to this House in this Tobacco Act. Session of Parliament, praying that the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu thereof," may be repealed or altered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lima, 19*;

Anno 30* Georgii III,a Regis, 1790 Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for rendering the Passage through HenitonPav-the Town and Parish of H in the County »ng> &c. Bill of Devon, safe and commodious, and for paving, Pas,ed‘ cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to HitchinRoad Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bill Prt* certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town Mnted* of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Benym presented to the House, according to Peterborough Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Faxing Bill the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Places within presented. the City and Township of Peterbot'ough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for forming a Junction between the Forth and Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navi- Clyde Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several Bl11 former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said pas Navigations, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the JBiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

16° — 19° .

403

beds and Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to Navigation "’horn the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors re-cummitted of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to Bill reported, vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amend* ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ouze Haling Sir John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, Paths Bill whom the Bill for empowering Persons navigating repor . BoatS( Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls, of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owneis of the said Banks or Sea Walls, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glamorgan- Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according *hire Canal to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable seated1* Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Motion for A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring SilkWmen in a Bill to empower the Magistrates, within their considered in respective Jurisdictions, to regulate the Wages of Per-aCommittee. sons employed in the Silk Manufacture, and to limit the Number of Apprentices to be employed, by any Master Weaver, at the same Time;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

" to enlarge the Term and Towers of Two Acts;

" made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the " Sea to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham,"was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Passages and Places within the City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs

thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances,

Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners ebneeive that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Interests of the several Persons who have advanced Money upon Mortgage or Security on the Tolls arising from the said Road, and which Money has been lent by them upon the Faith of the said Acts of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves -and against par-others, Merchants, Shopkeepers, Dealers, and Traders, g1* 1>av,nS in the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be oppressive and injurious to them in many Respects as Merchants, Shopkeepers, Dealers, and Traders, in Sunderland aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Corn or- Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain for the last dered. Twenty Years, distinguishing each Year.

Petition A Petition of the several. Persons whose Names are

against Dur- thereunto subscribed, being acting Trustees appointed BiS t>aVing an(l by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament

' herein after mentioned (that is to say) an Act of the

Twentieth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from Sunderland near the Sea to " the City of Durham, in the County of Durham-," an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and continuing " the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the " Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the " Sea to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham\"and, an Act, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, initituled, " An Act Vo,t. 4)5.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Newcast'e according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made and Sunder-in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- ' Bill tituled, " An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships presented.

" with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland: " And the same was received; and read the First Tfoie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom Ramsgate the Bill for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Chapel Bill Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the rePorte*h County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tp report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

t

A. 1790.

merits, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

M«mber Ordered, That Mr. be added to the Gentle-

added to men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Stanton &c Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Inclosure several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Bill. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor of Stanton, and also within the Hamlet of Birchover, both in the Parish of in the County of Derby.

Stanton and Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to dosur^ Bill"* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the presented. Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Lordship of Stanton, and also within the Hamlet of Birchover, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Manchester A Bill for providing a new Poor House for, and for Poor Bill the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the comnutte . Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -bumc, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petitions A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Dwelling «"* Houses and Premisses in the Town of Leeds, in the Md Lighting County of York: And also,

Bill. Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of

Dwelling Houses and Premisses in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the same should pass into a Law, it will be attended with a great Annual Expence to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood of and that the Petitioners are now supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Water at a moderate Expence, and apprehend that the present Water Works are very able to continue such Supply to the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law, in such Manner, and at such Time, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of Estates and Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Bedford and Bucks, near the Roads herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the Fifteenth Day of March last, Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace hold on for the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, and by Advertisements, in the Newspaper, called The Northampton of the

Application to Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Brom-ham Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, through the Parishes of Turtey,

Bray field, Lavendon, Warrington, and to the

Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, and from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Olney, through the Parishes of Weston Underwood, Ravenstone, and Stoke Golding ton, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Northampton to Next port Pagin the said County of Bucks, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brett, Mr. St. John,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Lewis Hughs, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed near 4,000l. upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due — That the Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers enlarged — That the said Act could be more effectually executed, if the Provisions thereof, and the Alterations necessary to be made therein, were comprized in One Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint: And that Mr. Williams and Sir Roger Mostyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition re-pet t ng BrnniLiiu Uotiib.

Denbigh and

M"ld U..ad Petition reported.

30 Geo. III.

19° Aor

405

radford An in grossed Bill for improving and preserving the

iUpassed ^orks made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water, and for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, was read the Third Time.

‘ Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the ‘ Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under

certain Exceptions, therein particularly named," tnd to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Vlanerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of

The Amendments following were severally proposed i in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke,

nd his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers nd Remedies therein mentioned; and also the Retort of the Crown Officers of the Isle of Man on the aid Bill.

And the Titles of the Papers containing the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, or shall o be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 32. After " Successors’* to insert " and " to John Marsden, Esquire, " Lord of the Manor of Bradford aforesaid, his Heirs and " Assigns."

Pr. 23. 1. 4. To leave out " or, " and after " now" to insert "

" be."

Bedwin and Preshute Inclosure Bill presented.

Cotgrave luclosure Bill passed.

Reports, in 1780 and . 17®*» on the Isle of Man Bill presented.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Accounts re-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ie Directors of the East India Company, attended at EasUndia*6 be, An Act for preserving the Works made for supply- ie Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Company, ing the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and »the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Brad- N° 1. A Statement of the Debts of the East India ford aforesaid, with Water, for the more easy Recovery 'ompany (exclusive of the Debt transferred from of the Rents for the said Water, and to enable the Pro-nd a Statement of the Effects of the Company in prietors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such England, and a-float Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Works. f March 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789; dis-

Ordered, That Mr. TVilberforce do carry the Bill tooguishing each Year: And also, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. N° 2. An Account of the Quantity of Tea remaining

isold on the 1st of March 1785, and on the 1st of The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, ac -farch 1790; distinguishing the different Sorts on Hand cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting several each Period: And also,

Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the N* 3 An Account of the Quantity of Tea imported Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshutejm China, and purchased in Europe, between the 1st in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; March 178.5 and the 1st of March 1790; distin-and read the"First Time. ishing the different Sorts imported and purchased in

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ch Year between the above Periods: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Quantity and different An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish the Divi-rts of Tea sold between the 1st of March 178.5 and sion, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields,* 1st of March 1790; distinguishing the different Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds^ts sold at the Annual Sales' between the above lying in the Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of iVo/-riods: And also,

tingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands withinN° 5. An Account of the Quantity of Tea unsold, the said Parish, was read the Third Time. laining in the Company’s Warehouses, which has

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to then exposed to Sale; distinguishing the different Bill, by Way of Ryder, to save a Right of Way to thets.

Owner of John Badgeleys Tenement. together with a List of the said Statement and

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon theounts.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to betnd then he withdrew, made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. md the said List was read.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Ordered, That the said Statement and Accounts do the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preserving the Hedges onpon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Side of the Roads. House.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the The said Statement and Accounts are preserved Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be amongst the other Papers of this Session, made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

RackedThat the Bill do pra: And that the Tithy House informed that Mr Agent Am.ua.

be An Act to confirm and establish the Division^ K of Scotland, attended at the r..p.«i"8 Allotments and Inclosure, of the Open F.elds, Mea- he J called8; and at the U ted jh. Roy.1

dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lyinf’jT nursuant to their Orders of the oodDav ®ur^h9’ft in the Parish of Ojpj* in the County Sul

Parish80 Exchanges of Lands w.thm the saK Wa| other Accounts respecting the Royal

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bil Burghs in Scotland, viz. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. dee — 1st, Account of the Gross Revenue of the

Burgh, for 1788.

2d, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

3d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collectors of the Cess for that Period.

Account of Lands alienated by the

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to thei Orders,

Copies of the Attorney and Solicitor General’;

Reports, in the Years 1780 and 1781, on the Bill t« explain and amend an Act, of the Fifth Year of th<

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Ac " for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pu — 1st, Account of the Gross Revenue of the " suant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth c Burgh, for 1788.

his late Majesty King George the First, between th 2d, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for " Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and th Ten Years past.

4th,

Burgh since the Union.

Vol. 45.

5L

3<l>

406

19° Apr

A. -1790.

3d, Account of Salaries paid to the tJottector of the Cess for that Period.

Saint Andrews — ist, Account of Cess, Stent, or Lat\ Tax, for Ten Years past.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-2d, Account of Salaries paid to the CoUectoi rected him to report, when the House will please to of the Cess for that Period. receive the same.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of th That the Report be received Tomorrow

Burgh, for 1788. Morning.

)ysart — 1st, Account of Stent, Cess, or Land Tax, so Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was 1788. directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collector Leave to sit again, of the Cess, for Ten Years past. Resolved, Inat this House will, upon Wednesday

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of tht Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Burgh, for 1788. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted

4th, Account of Lands alienated since thq to His Majesty.

Union.

Kingdom — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, , That the Order of the Day, for the House

for Ten Years past. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collectors to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend

of the Cess for that Period. an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights

Burgh, for 1788. of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of

Wigton — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Great Britain called England, be now read.

Ten Years past. And the said Order being read accordingly;

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collectors The House resolved itself into the said Committee, of the Cess for that Period.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the Burgh, for 1788.

4th, Account of Lands alienated since the Union.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which

Stranraer — Account of the Gross Revenue of the they had directed him to report, when the House will Burgh, for 1788. please to receive the same.

Campbellon — 1st, Account of the Cess, Stent, or Land Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Tax, for 1788. Mr. Rolle accordingly reported from the said Com-

2d, Account of the Revenue of the Burgh, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had for 1788. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

Irvine — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ten Years preceding 1789. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

2d, Account of Salaries paid to the Collectors Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the of the Cess for that Period. Report was read.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Burgh, for 1788.

4th, Account of Lands alienated since the

Union

Cupar — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, from 1784 to 1789.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors for that Period.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue of the Burgh, for 1788.

4th, Account of Lands alienated since the Union.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tc consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, of the Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have

The said Papers are preserved amongst thd other been presented to this House, in this Session of Par-Papers of this Session. " '

Committee of Supply.

Account of

Money

issued for

American

Sufferers

referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House Tesolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

liament, of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

07 Morning

Committee on County Elections re-committed Bill.

reported.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts, &c. referred.

Produce of Customs, Excise, See.

Income and Charge on Consolidated Fund.

407

Bill to amend Tobacco Act ordered.

Report on East India Company's

Revenue

Accounts

deferred

Accounts relative to the East India Company to be printed.

Ihstillery Bil deferred.

Bill respecting Seizures deferred.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Mart is, 20° die Aprilis

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and’ Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James , the Earl of Mornington, the Lord the Lord

Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 19th Day of February and the 11th Day of March last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Statement and Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton (from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoase, upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 45.

Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

MR. Bernard reported from the Committee, to Bowbrickhill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure re-Opeti and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Petition for Houses within certain Streets and other Places within ?r?]^?ion the Parish of Saint James, and such Part of Coventry Westminster Street as lies within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Paving Bill. Fields, and Part of Princes Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, commonly called Optional Streets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House, by the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberty and Parts adjacent, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to enforce the Payment of the Rates authorized to be made by them within the Optional Streets in the Limits aforesaid now under their Care and Management; and that by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Power of paving, lighting, and cleansing the several Streets and other Places within the said Parish of Saint James (except the said Optional Streets) was taken out of the Hands of the said Commissioners, and vested in a certain Number of Committee-men to be Annually chosen by the Vestry of the said Parish, subject in some Respects to the Controul of the said Commissioners, but the said Optional Streets, and such Part of Coventry Street and Princes Street as aforesaid, have continued, and are now, under the sole Direction and Management of the said Commissioners; and that the Petitioners and the several other Inhabitants of the said Optional Streets have been, and now are, charged with higher Rates, for the several Purposes aforesaid, than the Inhabitants of the several other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint James are for the like Purposes, and the Petitioners apprehend that if the said Optional Streets were put under the Direction and Management of the said Committee-men, in like Manner as the said several other Streets within the said Parish of Saint James, the Works would be properly done at a much less Expence to the Inhabitants than they are now charged with; and that the Powers the said^ Committee-men are now invested with are not sufficient to enable them effectually to remove and prevent Annoyances by Projections, Encroachments, and otherwise, within the said Optional Streets, and in the other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint James, and it would be a great Convenience to all Persons passing along the said Streets and other Places, if such Annoyances were removed and prevented for the future: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting

Petition for Leave to present a Petition to amend the St. James's Burial Groiad Act

Leave given.

St. James’s Burial Ground Petition.

the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and

other Parts therein mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of James JV ster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused a Burial Ground to be set out and made agreeable to the Directions thereof, but have not yet appointed any Minister, Clerk, or Sexton; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that, by an Order, made in the early Part of the Session, the Time for presenting Petitions for private Bills was limited to the 5th Day of March last; and that it is very material that a Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, should be forthwith appointed to officiate in burying the Dead, but, since the making of the said Order, the Petitioners have been advised no such Appointment ought to be made until some Amendments and Alterations are made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition for amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Noblemen and Trustees.

Then a Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, Power is given to the said Trustees to appoint, from Time to Time, Ministers and Preachers, to be licensed by the Bishop of London for the Time being, and also to appoint Clerks and Sextons of the said Chapel, and to pay all such Ministers, Clerks, and Sextons, such Sums of Money Yearly as the said Trustees shall think fit, but Doubts have been entertained whether, after such Appointments have been made, the said Trustees, or any other Person, are authorized to remove or displace any of the Ministers, or other Persons aforesaid, upon any Account whatsoever; and that some other Amendments and Alterations are found necessary to be made in the said Act, particularly for enforcing the making the Rates, and for varying the Manner of applying and disposing of any Surplus Money that may hereafter happen to be in the Hands of the said Trustees: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Amendments and Alterations in the said Act as to the House shall appear necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

A. 1T90.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Archibald Mr.

Brett, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Augustus William reported Warwick

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Ga1 Bill and better regulating the Gaol for the County of War- r*Porte<L xvick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands within, and Inhabitants of, the Town and Borough of in

the County of Warwick, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Houses and Lands within, and Inhabitants of, the said Town and Borough, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on 15,11 upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the ,§ ns Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general, be now read.

And

20° Apri»

Mr. Gould reported from the Committee, to whom Waterbeach the Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the Draiimge Bill Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty rePorted* King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach " Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish " an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners " within the said Manor," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House AfricanSlave to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in ,the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying " Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Norwich and Watton Road Bill reported.

Report Sap-ply.

American

Sufferers.

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Bill reported.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Billy and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir JohnIVodehouse reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for defraying the Expence of making the Road on the South instead of the North Side of the River Blane.

You 4$.

And the said Clause was Twice read J and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, and from thence to the Court of Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order; reported from the Report Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Meant, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolxxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Money out of That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Surplus of Majesty, thei e be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Three hundred thousand Pounds out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Ninety thousand Nine hundred Thirty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence Half-penny each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 27th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 18th Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 30th Day of Jtdy next; Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of September next; Two Pounds on or before the 22d Day of October next; Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of December next; and.

Two Pounds on or before the 14th Day of January 1791; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so' completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1790, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 2d Day of June 1791, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said Lottery, who shall pay any of the Sums to be respectively paid by Instalments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respectively fixed for the same, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums bo respectively paid in, to be computed, from the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Periods at

5 M which

Googh

410 20° — 21° Aprilis. 1790.

which the same would be paid according to the respective Instalments herein-before mentioned.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Edward James the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

former Re#o- The House was moved, That the Resolution which,

W*00 °nd upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee Means read, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con-and Instruc- sider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-tion accord- ply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to *nSv- by the House might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; vis.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred Twenty-one thousand " One hundred Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and " Three Pence Half-Penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5 th Day of April 1790, of the Surplus " of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition " of Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution now read.

isle of Mann The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle of Mann;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning nc.xt, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to remit Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sentences of enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Offenders Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to orfered!1* ’ w^ich Felons, or other Offenders, may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders: And that Mr. Secretary Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Counsel The other Order of the Day being read, for the

beard on 2d Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Royalty Reading of Qf the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands, liceMh °* for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the said City, and for giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Heretors, Burgesses, Householders, or Resi-denters, in the City of Glasgow, and also, the Petition of John M'Caslan, Deacon Convener of the Trades in the City of Glasgow, in Name of and by Appointment of the Trades House of the said City, and of the other Persons thereunto subscribing, in Name of, and as having Power from, the incorporated Trades of the 01

said City; and also, the Petition of the Persons there-untb subscribing, Heretors, Burgesses, Householders, or Residenters in the City of; and also, the

Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Proprietors, Life Renters, or Tacksmen, of Houses, Lands, and Burying Grounds, in the City of Glasgow, in Behalf of themselves, and others, were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners wa» heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21* die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1790.

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Harmood, Account of from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Sums ad- Majesty's Forces, attended at the Door; he was called vaiiced for in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to

1 /-v i iur nuiia,

their Order, presented.

An Account of the Sums advanced by the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, on Account of the Troops raised for, and serving in, India, during the last Five Years, to 24th December 1789, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was reao.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Norwich amt Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for Watton Road amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Bill passed. Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Catherwood, Account of Receiver of Com Returns, attended at the Door; he Price of Corn was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Pre6ented-pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, "Price of Com from 1770 to " 1790, by Act 10th Geo. III. Ch. 39.’*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message

30 Geo. III.

411

The Lords have agreed to >

Land Tax Commissioners Bill.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Ex-chequerBilis.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Expiring Laws BUI.

Papists Leeds and Wills Inrollment Bill.

Longitude

Bill.

Malldraeth, Sec. Embanking and Drainage Bill.

Dudley Hoad Bill.

Biggleswade and Bugden Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An *c Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety;" together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill, near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Pattingham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Street End, in the Parish of Kingswinj'ord, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and A Icon bury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through LittleBarford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to

the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 45.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Edington In-Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, closure Bill. Commons, or Waste Lands, called otherwise

Burtle Moor, East Heath, West heath, and Clyde Batch, within the Hamlet of Edington, and Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dormstone Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common ^closure Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Harby Iu-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common closure B‘H< Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Scotch altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering menu."'*" Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lewes, &c. Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at Amendment! the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and also of a Branch of the said River, to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Account of which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pur- Money issued suant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and addresses, which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred, referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Bill respect-the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His in8 S«izur«» Majesty's Share of Seizures in general, was read the passe Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

Banbury Church Petition imported,

Isle of Mann Bill deferred.

Ouze Haling Paths Bill pissed.

Lords

Amendment to Lewes, Ac. Navigation Bill agreed to.

412 21 "Aprilis, . 1790:

Sir William Dolbenreported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens,

’ and Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of Oxford,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr., Samuel Pcpys Cockrell, an Architect, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Church and Tower of the said Parish, and that the same are in a very ruinous and decayed State, and it is absolutely necessary that they should be taken down and re-built — And he added, That the Expences of taking down and rebuilding the said Church and Tower will be very considerable, and cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and for re-building the same: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. North, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle of Ma,might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouzc, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfield, and also of a Branch of the said River, to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. L 25. After " deducted " insert Clause

(A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That

" all Sums of Money which are " to be paid to any Bodies Politic. Corporate, or Collegiate,

" Corporations Aggregate or " Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees,

" or other Trustees whatsoever,

" for or on Behalf of any Infants,

" Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts,

" or to any Person or Persons " whose Lands or Grounds are " limited in strict Settlement for " the Purchase of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments " as aforesaid, shall, in case the " same exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by such Bodies Politic. Corporate, or Collegiate,

" Corporations Aggregate or " Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors. Administrators, Husbands. Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person " or Persons, seised of Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" so limited in strict Settlement,

" be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements,

" or Hereditaments, in Fee Sim-

" pie, and conveyed to or to the " Use of such Person or Persons,

" and for such Estates, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Li-- " mitations, Remainders, and " Contingencies, as the Messuages, Weirs, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for " or in respect whereof such Per- chase Money shall be so paid " as aforesaid were limited, settied, and assured, at the Time " such Money was so agreed for,

" ascertained, or assessed, respectively, as aforesaid, or so many " of such Uses as shall be then " existing and capable of taking " Effect, such Conveyances and " Settlements (other than those " which concern any Purchase " or Exchange between any of " the respective Land Owners)

" to be made at the Expence of " the said Company of Proprietors, and in the mean Time " and until such Purchase and " Purchases shall be made, the " said Money shall be placed out " by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, u Feoffees in Trust, Executors,

Administrators, Husbands,

" Guardians, Committees, or " other Trustees, Person or Persons, in some of the Public " Funds, or on Government or " Real Securities, in the Names " of Two Persons, the one to " be nominated by the Party " or Parties interested therein,

" and the other by the said Company of Proprietors, or any " Five or more of them, and the " Interest arising or to be produced from such Funds or Securities shall be paid to such " Person or Persons respectively " as would for the Time being " be entitled to the Rents and " Profits of such Lands, Tenements,

t

Reports, on t!ie Isle of Man Bill, to be printed.

Motion respecting the Expen Inure of the Ordnance.

Neg.

Ways and Means deferred.

Distillery Bill deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

" ments, or Hereditaments, so " to be purchased, in case the " same were purchased and settied, pursuant to the Tenor " and true Meaning of this " Act"

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Attorney and Solicitor General’s Reports, in the Years 1780 and 1781, and also of the Report of the Crown Officers of the Isle of Man, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Rose, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Expenditure of the Public Money under the Administration of the present Master General and Board of Ordnance, from the 1st of Janua 1784;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22° die Aprilis;

Anno 30° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

P'R AVERS.

r\ RDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attend- ing this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Vol. 45.

House, do j*o, with the Mace, and cleat* the Lobby, and the Speaker s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by iheir Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Williams presented to the House, according to Denbigh and Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, jrtd rRoad and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of g Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Aj'on Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bowbrick-and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste hill inclosure Grounds, within the Parish of Bowb and Hamlet pass*d*

of Fenny Stratford, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed. Dealers by Retail in Spirituous against the Liquors, and Inhabitants of the City of London, was pre- Spirituous sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by j jjence Act an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Foreign Spirituous Liquors, the Petitioners are obliged to take out an additional Licence Annually, for which they pay certain Sums, according to the Rent of the Houses occupied by them (that is to say) if the Rent is under Fifteen Pounds, 2/. 8 s.; if Fifteen Pounds, and under Twenty Pounds, 2/. 16s.; and so on in Proportion to the Yearly Rent of Fifty Pounds, which pays 4/. 16s.; and a House of One hundred Pounds, or upwards, per Annum, pays no more, and the Peti-

tioners are required, by the said Act, to attend Eight Times in the Year at the Chief Office of Excise in London, to pay, by Instalments, the Sums directed by the said Act; and that the Petitioners understood that, the better to enable them to pay the same, all smuggled condemned Spirituous Liquors were to be destroyed, but, instead thereof such Liquors are now sold in as small Quantities as Two Gallons, for the

5 N Accommodation

Bromham ftouds Bill ordered.

22° Apr

A. 1790.

Accommodation of private Persons, at the Custom House and Excise Sales, to Persons who are not Dealers, and who do not take out Licences; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Act, obliging them to take out such additional Licences, was passed in consequence of the Duties on Foreign Spirituous liquors being reduced, which, it was apprehended, greatly lessened the Revenue, but, the Petitioners are credibly informed, the Revenue on such Spirits has since considerably increased; and that the Petitioners are ready and willing to concur in contributing, in

from Bromham Bridge, in the County of , to

the Turnpike Road leading from to

Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newpor Pagnell, in the same County: And that Mr. Brett and Mr. St. John, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, Petition in of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, in favour of the common with their Fellow Subjects, to the Exigencies Common Hall assembled, pursuant to Notice duly given Leeds Water

of the State, yet they cannot but consider themselves for that Purpose, was presented to the House, and read; lg 11118

as partially aggrieved by the Continuance of this addi- Taking Notice of the Bill for better supplying the Town tional (or Six Weeks) Licence Act, inasmuch as they and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, cannot charge it on the Consumer, and, as the Peti- with Water, and for more effectually lighting and

tioners, as Dealers in Foreign Wines, are, by a late Act cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said

of Parliament, prohibited from dealing in Home-made Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Wines (generally called Sweets) by the Sale of which Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstruc-many of them used to make considerable Profits, they tions, therein: And praying, That the same may pass hope that the House will take their present oppressed into a Law.

~ " Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Situation into Consideration: And therefore praying, That the said Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, may be repealed, or such other Relief granted them as the House shall think fit, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and House-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Monday last. That leavers p Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Magis- deferred, trates, within their respective Jurisdictions, to regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, and to limit the Number of Apprentices to be

holders residing in the City and Liberty of Westminster, employed, by any Master Weaver, at the same Time, and Parts adjacent, and that the Petitioners be permitted be now read.

to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, in support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Bedford and Bucks, near the Roads thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Andrews being examined, said, That, agreeable to the Leave granted by this House upon the 15th Day of March last, Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the Petition described, were affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses of the Counties of Bucks and Bedford, at the Time of the last Easier Quarter Sessions: Then,

Mr. John Higgins produced to your Committee Three several Newspapers, called The Northampton Mercury, of the 20th and 27th of March, and of the 3d of April last, wherein the like Notices were inserted.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Bedford and Bucks, near the Roads thereinafter described, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road 02

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Stourport the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to scour, cleanse, and deepen, the Bed or Chanpel of the reported. River Severn, fjrom Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to make Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present ^ec'tp^J!iJ Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High farming DuTreasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for ties on Past " the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted Horses,

" by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His or<krc<ipresent Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the same," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Act perpetual: And that Mr. Rose, Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

-Air.

to

I to Report

Via, ^w1/-

k

h

i.Tie

do

its . AtMrfss in v. Money'

and

said

tin*

5

Uc-

30 Geo. III. 2S° Apritis *415

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the and other Parts therein mentioned, Is referred: And

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and referred to consider further of the Supply granted to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to thfe His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had House, directed him to report to the House; which he read

is his Place; ami afterwards delivered in at the Ord, That there be laid before this House', a Statement of Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Statement of the Claims examined by the Commis- Claims for followeth; vis. sioners appointed to enquire into the Losses sustained J^er-C!)1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by His Majesty's Loyal Subjects, either by furnishing ordered.’ That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Provisions, or other necessary Articles, for the Service Four hundred Twenty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings of His Majesty’s Navy or Army in America during the and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make late War, or by having their Property used, seized, good the like Sum, which has been issued, by His or destroyed, for carrying on the Public Service Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this there.

House.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, Ordered, - That there be laid before this House, an Account of was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Account of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Secret Ser-House. Service, which has been repaid into the Exchequer. ordered^ ’

, L'5 Petition for A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Tobacco Bill addition ti Houses within a certain Street and Place called a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last presented.

’ fhT'west-" Holborn and Middle Rozv, situate and being in the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing

tj minster United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint" the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting Paving Bill. George, Bloomsbury, and in the Parish of Saint Andrew, " new Duties in Lieu thereof:’’ And the same was Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called received; and read the First Time.

,;f r- an Optional Street and Place, was presented to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

5i;.; find Application hath been made to the House, by the Tomorrow Morning.

|; :u. Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

several Streets and other Places within the City and

‘o Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in the County The other Order of the Day being read;

# of Middlesex, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee

them to enforce the Payment of the Rates authorized whole House, to consider of the Petition of the se- on Petitions to be made by them within the Optional Streets veral Persons whose Names are thereunder written, s^Htuous6

and Places under their Management, and for other Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and House- liquor#

n* Purposes; and that, by an Act made in the Eleventh holders, residing in the City and Liberty of - Licence Ant.

Year of His present Majesty, the Power of paving the minster, and Parts adjacent, and of the several other

several Streets and Places within the said Parishes, Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said

ro' ~ which were then under the Management of the said Committee.

Commissioners (except the said Optional Streets and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

0 Places) were taken out of the Hands of the said Com- Mr. Alderman took the Chair of the

missioners, and put under the Management of a certain Committee.

Number of the Parishioners of the said Parishes, to be Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Annually chosen Committee-men by the Vestries and Mr. Alderman Nezvnham reported from the Corn-

Inhabitants thereof, subject in some Respects to the mittee, That they had heard a Counsel in Support of the

e Controul of the said Commissioners, but the said Op- said Petitions, and that they had Notice that there was a

e tional Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Rozv Message from the Lords; and that he was directed by

1 still continue, and are now, under the Sole Direction and the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to

i Management of the said Commissioners; and that the sit again.

Inhabitants of the said Optional Street and Place called Resolved, That this House will, immediately after Holborn and Middle Row have been, and now are, the Message received, resolve itself into a Committee

charged with much higher Rates for the several Pur- of the whole House, to consider further of the said

poses aforesaid than the Inhabitants of the other Streets Petitions, and Places within the said Parishes for the same Purposes, and the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Optional A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Mr. Hastings’ Street and Place were put under the Management of the Trial.

Joint Committee-men for paving, cleansing, and lighting Mr. Speaker,

the said United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

and Saint George, Bloomsbury, in like Manner as the House, That their Lordships will proceed further in other Streets and Places within the said last-men- the Trial of Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday

tioned Parishes now arc, the Works to be done Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster within the said Optional Street and Place would be Hall.

properly done, and at a much less Expence to the And then the Messengers withdrew.

Inhabitants than they are now charged with for the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee

be made in the said Bill for putting the said Optional Committee of the whole House, to consider further of on Petitions Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Rozv under the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are against the the Management of the said Joint Committee-men for thereunder written, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors008 the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Liquors, and Householders, residing in the City and Licence Act.

George, Bloomsbury. Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Peti- the said Committee, tion of the Commissioners for putting in Execution Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, Mr. Alderman Nezvnham took the Chair of the

and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Committee.

Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vo i. 45. Mr.

416 22° — 23°

Mr. Alderman Newham reported front the Committee, That they had heard another Counsel, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petitions, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the Petitioners; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III® Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

East Gri list tad Church Bill reported.

MR. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, wa3 committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ramsgate Chapel Bill passed.

Warwick Gaol Bill passed.

SainUatnes's Burial Ground Petition reported*

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Wwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him *to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Aprilis. . 1790.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby Power is given to the said Trustees to appoint, from Time to Time, Ministers and Preachers, to be licensed by the Bishop of London for the Time being, and also to appoint Clerks and Sextons of the said Chapel, and to pay all such Ministers, Clerks, and Sextons such Sums of Money, Yearly, as the said Trustees shall think fit: Then,

Luke Ideson, Esquire, being examined, said, That Doubts have been entertained whether, after such Appointments have been made, the said Trustees, or any other Person, are authorized to remove or displace any of the Ministers or other Persons aforesaid upon any Account whatsoever. — And he added, That some other Amendments and Alterations are found necessary to be made in the said Act, particularly for enforcing the making the Rates, and for varying the Manner of applying and disposing of any Surplus Money that may hereafter happen to be in the Hands of the said Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Sir Archibald Edmonstone do prepare, and bring in, the same.

f4n

d

r''

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Leeds and prietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the line of the said Canal Navigation, and BUI '^»sed. to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CLEK

isS

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain HitchinRoid Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, BiH row-through Shefford,to the Turnpike Road from mitted'

Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, the Lord Grimston,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House ad-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. 10

The House was moved, That the Order made Yes- Petition from terday, for referring the Petition of several Owners and Owners of Occupiers of Houses within a certain Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row, situate and being in Middle n» the United Parishes of Saint Giles the Fields and referred t» a

George, Bloomsbury, and in the Parish of Saint Andrczv, Committee. Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called an Optional Street and Place, to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein mentioned, is referred, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

30 Geo. III.

23° Apnlis.

417

lS|j

".He

fi-i

tail,

saiii

That

Ap.

' any

an?

Wit:

7 b

tc*S

that

iaid

il to pro-

j oi ad-it thit do

’ro- le-

er- J-:,‘ ma »i:;

Peterbo* rough Paving Bill committed.

De Luc’s Nat. Bill committed.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses within a certain Street and Place called Holbornand Middle Row, situate and being in the United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George, Bloomsbury, and in the Parish of Saint Andrea', Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called an Optional Street and Place, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Michael Angelo , Mr. Alderman Watson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Places within the City and Township of Peterborough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benyon, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Franfoise Antoinette De Luc was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard, Mr. Rose, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

in the said Amendment, in order to fill the Blank with the Words " One Half-penny."

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 13, 1. 4, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 13, 1. 4, which was to fill the Blank with the Words " the full," being read a Second Time, it was proposed to disagree with the Committee in the said Amendment, in order to fill the Blank with the Words " One Half."

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

(The Marquis of Gr«-"|

Tellers for the Yeas,| ham, ! 28.

[Mr. Hen J

Tellers for the N*K3>{s}r 7%<ma.r Dtaidas: } 3°-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

jr;j Bedwin and A Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and Presbote In- Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of tie committed* Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the &[ ‘ County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Mar- quis of Graham, Sir George Howard, &c: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Stanton and Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and BirchoverIn-Lordship of Stanton, and also within the Hamlet of committed Birchover, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stiding Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee,

Roads Bill to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter reported. tpie Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to in

the said County of Stirling, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, Trustees on the Turnpike Roads, and Heritors of the County of Stirling, thereto subscribing; and also, the Petition of William Forbes,

Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Flouse; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 13, 1. 1, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 13, 1. 1, which was to fill the Blank with " One Penny," being read a Second Time, it was proposed to disagree with the Committee Vol. 45.

Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to Hutton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the uninclosed Bushell In-Fields, Arable Lands, lugs, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Hutton Presen Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year Newcastle of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act and Sunderto regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in *"nc[c°a}|

" the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland" was read a committed. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Tempest, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Glamorgan-Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near Cardiff, in the "hire Canal County of Glamorgan, was read a Second Time. ®1.11 cona‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Wltte ’ Mackworth, Sir William Dot ben, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lovcden reported from the Committee, to Abingdon whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bill of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for

5 O repairing

Day appointed for 3° Beading of Coventry Paving Bill.

Tickton Inclosure Bill reported.

Statement of Losses sustained in America, presented.

418 23° Aprilis.

repairing and widening the Road from The Mayor's at 29/. 13$. 8 per Annum, or thereabouts; and 1

Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through that no Person appeared before the _ Committee to I

Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Su'inford,in oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone I

the said County, was committed; That the Committee through the Bill, and made several Amendments I

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thereunto, which they had directed him to report to I

the same to be true; and that the Committee had the House; and he read the Report in his Place; I

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- I

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- 1

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second I

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally I

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. I

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be I

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- ingrossed. I

upon, were agreed to by the House. I

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account ingrossed. Account of the State of the printed Journals of this of State of

House; distinguishing the Number and Condition of '

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better the Setts remaining in the Office. ordered,

paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of

Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committi* preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and jesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number of aengenAct. regulating the public Wells and Pumps within the " Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage said City and Suburbs, be read the Third Time upon " Coaches or other Carriages," might be read, this Day Sevennight And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, into Consideration the said Act; and to report to the to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Tickton House what Measures may be deemed necessary to Carr, or Common, in the County of York, was com- enforce the due Observance thereof: mitted; That the Committee had examined, and And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gamon, found that the Standing Orders of the House, of Mr. Pyc, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s bad been complied with; and that the Committee Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found and Records, the same to be, true; and that the Parties concerned

in the Division and Inclosure of the said Carr had The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Account o( given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called the Committee, and that all Persons concerned in, or in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant affected by, the Appointment of, and Powers given to, to their Order, sented.

Arbitrators for determining certain Claims of Ex- An Account of the Money advanced for Foreign

emptions from the Payment of Tythes, had also given Secret Service, which has been repaid into the their Consent to the Bill (except the Proprietors of Exchequer.

Lands rated to the Land Tax at 4/. 12$. 8 d.per And then he withdrew.

Annum; and that the Whole of the Property to be And the Title of the said Account was read,

affected by the Arbitration is rated to the Land Tax The said Account is as followeth; vix.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service, which has been repaid into the Exchequer.

1 9

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 'fl

B

1

The Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service, which has been repaid into the Exchequer, amounts to the Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 23d Day of April 1790. John Hughson.

A. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Monro, from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses sustained

by His Majesty’s Loyal Subjects, either by fumisliing Provisions, or other necessary Articles, for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy or Army in America, during the late War, or by having their Property used, seized, or destroyed, for carrying on the Public Service there.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

STATEMENT

23° Aprilis.

419

to

jck

sis

to

Si.

si-

ini

illy

30 Geo. III.

STATEMENT of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses sustained by His Majesty’s Loyal Subjects, either by furnishing Provisions, or other necessary Articles, for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy or Army in America, during the late War, or by having their Property used, seized, or destroyed, for carrying on the Public Service there, &c.

Pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 2 2d April 1790.

Uh

tilgiX

ic

tut Ma-

1 ot'll

t»? '

N° of Claims examined. Total Sum claimed. Total Sum admitted.

216. £ 305,725- 6. 4. £.66,124. 14. it.

ale

L‘.e

y a

sJ;

urs

'A

American Office, 23d April 1790.

Thomas Dundas,

J. Pemberton,

Robert Ma

rc-m h

jiiatr'

TL

African

elm Slave Dill

deferred.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie- upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, " for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying " Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for farm- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to ingDuties on Order, a Bill to make perpetual an Act, made in the ^werted* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, " for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to " Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such " Persons as should be willing to contract for the " same:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this I louse, an

Six Weeks Account of the PrdOuce of the Duty of the Six Weeks

Dut"0* Licences, imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-

ordered. seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties upon " Licenses to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail " in Spirituous Liquors."

Vo 1,. 45.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Address for posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Reports of Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order so "j?

much of the Report of the Commissioners appointed certa’in Of-to enquire into the Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments fices. of Offices, as relates to the Victualling Office Department, to be laid before this House;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " so much," and insert the Word " Copies" instead thereof; and to leave out the Word " Report," and insert the Word " Reports" instead thereof; after the Words " Emoluments of " to insert the Word "certain:" and to leave out the Words " as relates to the Victualling Office Department."

And the Question being put, That the Words

" so much" stand Part of the Question;

ft passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word

" Copies " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word

" Report" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word

" Reports " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " certain" be inserted after the Words "Emoluments of;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " as " relates to the Victualling Office Department," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order Copies of the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments, of certain Offices, to be laid before this House.

Ordered,

Order for a® Reading of Tobacco Bill, read*

Petition against D° Bill.

Bill committed.

Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts deferred.

Persons to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Motion for calling over the House. Neg.

King’s Consent to Lutterworth In-ciositre Bill.

420

23° Aprilis. A. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Beading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, being Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff in the Port of London, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are confirmed in Opinion, that no Modification or Alteration of the said Act, while the Principle of Excise is preserved, can afford any permanent Relief to the fair Dealers, but must ultimately destroy their Manufacture, and the Revenue collected on it: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill now depending, the Survey of Excise may not be continued upon the Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Setond Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for receiving upon Tuesday next the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the i gth Day of February and the 11 th Day of March last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Sevenniglit, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That Captain Wilson do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalrymple do also at-

tend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Wadstroom do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowen do also attend the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over upon Wednesday Four Weeks, the 26th Day of May next;

It passed in the Negative.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Housg, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained ra<*' of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, w'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that a Select Committee be appointed to take the Examination of the several Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend the said Committee of the whole House; and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House.

And Sir William Dolben moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to Select Com-take the Examination of the several Witnesses that mittee ap-have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend l,inted 10 the said Committee of the whole House; and to report witnesses. the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Penrhyn, Mr. Secretary Grenville, Mr. John Scott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sloane, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Marsham, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Alderman Newnkam, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Alderman Sarc-bridge, Mr. William Smith, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir Charles Middleton, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Sir Wat kin Lewes,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Cruger, Mr. Burke, Mr. Brickdale,

Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Blackbume, Mr. John Smyth, Sir John Trevelyan, the Earl of Moi'nington, Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Edwards, Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Mr. Eliot,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Devaynes, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Gavion,

Mr. Burges, Mr. Estxvick, General Rooke, Mr. -niker, General Burgoyne, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Whitbread,

Mr. Tudway, Mr. Windham, Mr. Grigby, Mr. Milnes,

the Lord Muncaster, Sir William Young, Mr. Pye,

Mr. Sumner, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Dickinson,

Mr. Call, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Thomas Stanley:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir William Dolben also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee of the whole House to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of which Bill

was, upon Friday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

The other Orders of the Day beirf£ read;

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to.

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Me*"* <*«-

House, ferred‘

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Di»tilierjr Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Bill deferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in,

upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of BritwA-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lutub, Aprilis;

Anno 30® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1790.

Prayees.

Returns of *\/f Speaker acquainted the House, That the Names of J.VJ. Clerk of this House had received several Re-Towrain turns to the Order of the House of the 25th Day of Pngi.^ and March last, " That the Clerks of the Peace in the Wales. " several Counties of and Wales do, forthwith,

" make out Returns of the Names of the several " Market Towns in their respective Counties, including " therein the Towns and Cities that are Counties of themselves, and transmit the same to the Clerk of '* this House, to be by him laid before the House;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sloane Street Mr. Sloanereported from the Committee, to whom Paving Bill the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watch-reported, and ing^ and watering Sloane Street, and certain other Streets re-commit- an(j piaces within the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Waterbeach An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, made Draiuage in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Bill passed. Vo L.45.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the effectual Draining and Preservation of " Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and " to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the " Commoners within the said Manor," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach " Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish " an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor " of Wa ter beach cum Denny and the Commoners within " the said Manor."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gould do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church East Grin-of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, was read the stead Churshi

Third Time. Bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to De Luc's whom the Bill for naturalizing Frangoise Antoinette De Nat. Bill Luc, was committed; That the Committee had exa- rePorte(1* mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without sny Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Lutterworth whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open J?«osure, . Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lul- 1 repor terworih, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Petition for certain Acts of Parliament for making a free Market to prefer the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, was "on* respect-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ingWestmin-That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that by an sterFish Order made in the early Part of this Session, the Timfe Market, for presenting Petitions for private Bills was limited to the 5th Day of March last; and that a General Meeting of the said Trustees was holden upon the 15th Day of this Instant April (being the earliest Day a General Meeting could be had) when the State of their Affairs was taken into Consideration, and it appeared that they are possessed of a considerable Sum of Public Money, and other Property, which they conceive they are not authorized to apply for

5 P any

Le&vfe given.

Petitions from Trustees of Westminster Fish Market.

422 26° Apr ilis. 1790.

any particular Service, and they are tflso in the Receipt of certain Duties payable upon all Fishing Vessels coming from Sea up the River Thames, although the Object for which- those Duties were granted is at an End; and that the Petitioners think it their Duty to apply to the House to enable them to dispose of their said Estates and Property, for such Purposes, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit, although the Time for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Trustees.

Then a Petition of the'Trustees appointed and elected by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the late King, intituled, "An Act for " making a free Market for the Sale of Fish, in the " City of Westminster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing " the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned " in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year " of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are " taken with a Hook," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for the Establishment of a Market in Westminster for all Sorts of Fish, by virtue whereof Twenty-six Trustees were named and appointed, with full Powers to carry the said Act into Execution, and they were enabled to collect certain Duties from Fishermen and others selling Fish in the said intended Market, and were empowered to assign over the said Duties as a Security for any Monies that should be borrowed for discharging the Expence incident to the said Design, as also to appoint a Treasurer, Collectors, and other Officers, to allow them Salaries, and to remove them, if they should think fit, and, if the said Duties should yield a Surplus over and above the said Expences, the Trustees were directed to apply such Surplus in binding out poor Boys Apprentices to Fishermen, or others employed in the Sea Service, and the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge were likewise empowered, by the said Act, to grant a Piece of Ground at the Foot of the Bridge to the Trustees, for the Use of the Market, the Property of which, and of all Buildings to be erected thereon, was vested in the said Trustees, and it was also enacted, that, upon every Vacancy among the Trustees, occasioned by Death or Resignation, Seven or more of them should fill up such Vacancy, by Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that, soon after the passing of the said Act, the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge conveyed to the Trustees a Piece of Ground near Carman Raw, on -which the Market was erected and opened, to defray the Expence of which, and of the passing of the Act, the Trustees, agreeably to their Powers, borrowed the Sum of 400l., and applied it to those Purposes; and that many Difficulties arose which impeded the Execution of the said Design, insomuch that the Trustees were obliged to apply to Parliament for Assistance, and an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the late King, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market ufor the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and " for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing " of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the " Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, * in case the same are taken with a Hook," which enacts, that all Owners of Fishing Vessels, coming from Sea for the Supply of JJondan and Westminster with Fish, should sell off their Cargo within Eight Days after their Arrival, and the Trustees were empowered to appoint an Inspector, to take an Account of the Arrival of such Vessels, and to examine into the State of their Cargo, and for defraying the Expence of such Appointment, and otherwise, it was directed, that there should be paid to His Majesty’s Searcher at Gravesend, for the Certificate of the Entry of any such Fishing Vessel, Two Shillings, whereof the Searcher was to have Six Pence, and the remaining One Shilling and Six Pence was to be paid by the Searcher to the Trustees, or such Persons as they should appoint, and all Masters and Owners of Fishing Vessels were ordered, within Three Days of their Arrival, to report the same to the Searcher at Gravesend, but, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the late King, it is directed, that, instead of making such Entries with the Searcher at Gravesend, they should be made with the Deputed Clerk in the Coast Office, under the Collector Outward in the Port of London, at the Custom House there, subject to the same Payment, for the same Purposes, and the Trustees were likewise empowered by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of the late King, to mortgage and otherwise dispose of the Ground and Buildings of the said Market, for securing any further Sums of Money that might become necessary to be borrowed; and that notwithstanding all proper Means were used to carry the said Design into Execution, yet the Market was but little resorted to, insomuch that scarcely any Toll Duties were received, and the Debt contracted for its Support w-as rapidly increasing, to defray which the Trustees were finally obliged to abandon the Design, and borrow Money on a Building Lease of the Market Ground, w'hich Lease was granted to Richard Hughes for the Term of Seventy-two Years, commencing from Lady Day 1753, at a Pepper Corn Rent Yearly for the First Two Years, and at the clear Annual Rent of 6,51, for the remaining Seventy Years, and the said Trustees borrowed a Sum of 6001, upon the Security of the said Lease for the Discharge of the Debts thus contracted by the Failure of the Market; and that the Trustees continuing in the Receipt of the above stated Ground Rent, and of the Profits arising from the Entries of Fishing Vessels, were enabled, and actually did, some Time in the Year 1774, discharge the Whole of the* Principal Money, and Interest due on the Two several Loans of 400l. and 600l. before-mentioned, since which Time the said Ground Rent and Profits have been accumulating in the Hands of the Trustees, without being applied to any particular Object, and have, of late Years, been constantly and regularly invested in the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, for the Benefit of the Trust, and for the Increase of the Fund; and that, since the passing of the Act of the Twenty-second of the late King, all the Trustees originally named in the said Act are dead, except the Marquis of Stafford, and the present Trustees have been regularly elected agreeably to the Provisions contained in that Act; and that their Receipts and Disbursements Annually are as follows, the Interest of 4,2001. Throe per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, being the Total, of the Savings invested in Government Security, 65/. per Annum, being the Ground Rent of the Market, and the Yearly Sum of 140/., being the Average Three Fourths of the Duties arising from the Entries of Fishing Vessels in the River Thames, that the Disbursements consist in 25 /. a Year for an Inspector at Gravesend, 201, a Year for a Clerk, with about 15/. Annually for the Use of a House, and otherwise; and that the Petitioners conceiving that it was their Duty, under the present subsisting Acts, to abstain from applying the remaining Profits to any new Purpose, and hoping that the Wisdom of Parliament would find out some other 01 Mode

26° Apr

423

Banbury Church Bill

presented.

Tuns tall Hoad Bill reported*

Mode of Application, have carefully, and to the best of their Ability, preserved and improved what little remained for their Management, until it is now become of some Consideration, but they are without the Means of making it beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be relieved from the aforesaid Trust, and that the Monies now standing in the Names of Janies Thomas Parker, and

George Stubbs, Esquires, Three of the said Trustees for the Benefit of the Trust, together with the Ground Rent and Reversionary Interest in the Tenements situated in Cannon Raw, belonging to the Trustees, and also the Interest granted to them from the Entries of the Fishing Vessels in the River Thames, may be applied in Augmentation of the Fund of the Marine Society, or be disposed of in such Manner, and to such Purposes, as to the House shall seem fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committees And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and for re-building the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments Amendments niade by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

And the said Amendments were read; arid are hs followeth; viz.

Pr. i.l. 7. After " oP insert that Part of " Great Britain called."

I. 19. Leave out from " May "to " except," in Line 21; and in the same Line, after " except," leave out to "shall," in Line 23, and insert " the said Twelfth Day of " May." *

1. 2j. After "the" insert "said."

1. 27. After " the" insert " said ;" and in the same Line, after " and, " insert " the said Summer Session " shall at all Times hereafter end

Vo 1,. i.f.

Lords

to Scotch Terms Bill agreed to.

" upon the Eleventh Day of July,

" except the said Eleventh Day " of July shall happen to be upon " a Sunday or Monday, in which " Case the said Summer Session."

1. 29. After "the" insert "said."

Pr. 2. 1. 3. After "Mayinsert "except the " said Twelfth Day of May shall " happen to be on a Sunday, in " which Case the said -

" tide Term shall begin upon the "* First Monday after the said " Twelfth Day of and in

the same Line, after " and, " insert " that at all Times hereafter the said Whitsuntide Term " shall."

1. 4. After "June" insert "except the " said Second Day of June shall " happen to be upon a Sunday,

" in which Case the said Term " shall end on the Saturday preceding such Second Day of " June."

1. 7. After " June" insert " except the " said Seventeenth Day of June " shall happen to be on a Sunday,

"in which Case the said Lamnuis " Term shall begin upon the " First Monday after such Seventee,nth Day of June?

1. 8. After " and" insert " that at all " Times hereafter the said Lam*

" mas Term shall.’’

1. 9. Leave out from " except " to " Fifth," in Line 19, and insert " the said."

1. 20. Leave out " which."

1.21. After " Sun" insert "in which " Case the said Term shall end " on the Saturday preceding such " Fifth Day of July."

Pr. 4. 1. 6. After " the" insert " said."

1. 16. After " the" insert "said."

Pr. 5* 1* 5- After " aforesaid " insert " that the " said several Writs and Processes " shall and they are hereby dedared to be returnable on the " said Seventeenth Day of the " said Month of June, being the " First Day of Lammas Term, as " by this Act established, and."

L 13. After "had" insert. " originally," and in the same Line, after " been," insert " made;" and in the same Line leave out from " on," to "the," in Line 14; and in the same Line, after " said," leave out " -

" tide," and insert " First Day of " Lammas."

1. 16. After "Ninety" insert "as by this " Act established."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and

Holywell,

Denbigh and Mold lload Bill committed.

Member added to Committee for examining Witnesses respecting the Slave Trade.

Quorum of D° Comr mittee.

Accounts of Duties on Post Horses, ordered.

Statement of Hast Florida Claims ordered.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Account of Foreign Secret Service Money repaid, referred.

424

26° Aprilis-.

A. 1790.

Holyzocll, and from Afon W to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and ,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Williams, Mr. Brett,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Parker be added to the Select Committee who are appointed to take the Examination of the several Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, for Two Years, ending the ist Day of August

1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, for the Year ending the 1st Day of August 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, up to the 11th Day of June 1789, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service, which has been repaid into the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chaii* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by p"s^orse, Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, presented, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, for Two Years, ending August 1st, 1787:

And also,

An Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Post Horses, for the Year ending August ist, 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Litchfield, from Statement of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the East ^ast Florida Florida Claims, attended at the Door; he was called presented, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant p to their Order,

A Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, up to the 11th Day of June 1789, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

A STATEMENT of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, up to the 11th Day of June 1789, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

CLAIMS. LOSSES.

r Number. A Total Amount Total Amount. Sums provided for. \ Sum to be provided for.

JJ. s. d. s. d. £. s. d. £> s. d.

372 649>255 6 9 170,351 n 146,345 19 51 24,005 12 —

H. C. Litchfield,late Secretary.

April 26th, 1790.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Brett, &c.:

the Table, to be perused by the Members of the And, they are to meet T^o-morfow Morning, at Nine House. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition for A Petition of William Hamilton, Esquire, the Agent Leave to pre- of Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honoura-on from'* Order of the Bath, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraor-Sirwlniam binary, resident at the Court of Naples, was presented

Hamilton. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said

Sir William Hamilton is possessed of certain Lands adjoining to the Creeks of Milford Haven, in the County of Pembroke, called Castle Pill and Priory Pill, on which he enjoys various Rights and Privileges, and collects Duties of Keelage; and that the said Lands

' . might be greatly improved, the present public Esta-

blishment of the Packets between Milford Haven and Ireland very essentially assisted and benefited, and the Public be materially accommodated, if the said Sir William Hamilton was enabled to make certain Improvements on his said Lands, and to erect Docks and Quays on the said Creeks, and if proper Rules and Regulations respecting Markets, and the Port Business of the said Creeks, were established; and that t the said Sir William Hamilton is desirous of obtaining an Act of Parliament for the above-mentioned Purposes, and the Petitioner hath received a Petition from him, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly; and that any Delay in the Execution of the several Purposes so proposed to be carried into Effect, will not only be prejudicial to the Interest of the said Sir William Hamilton, but productive of Inconvenience to the Public: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances above stated, Leave may be given to present the Petition of the said Sir William Hamilton.

Leave given. Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said William Hamilton, Esquire.

Sir William Then a Petition of Sir William Hamilton, Knight of Hamilton’s the most Honourable Order of the Bath, His Majesty’s Petition. Envoy Extraordinary, resident at the Court of Naples, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Creeks of Milford Haven, called Castle Pill and Prioiy Pill,remain unimproved, and, notwithstanding the Petitioner is possessed of Lands adjoining thereto, and enjoys various Rights and Privileges, and collects Duties of Keelage therein, he cannot, without the Authority of Parliament, effectually employ the same to accommodate the existing public Establishments of the Revenue and Packets, nor ensure to Mercantile Persons, or others inclined to settle on the said Lands, nor to Passengers who may resort thereto, the necessary Accommodations, and consequently cannot contribute to the beneficial Objects of Government in its late permanent Establishment of Packets from Milford to Ireland; and that, in order to facilitate the Objects of Government, it will be necessary to erect Piers, Docks, and other Buildings, on the said Lands, and also on any Part of the said Pills or Creeks within High "Water Mark, and to project the same into Mi ford Haven, and to establish and regulate a Pair and Markets; and that it will also be necessary to appoint proper and convenient Places for the more easy clearing the Packets established there, as well as for the landing and clearing all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Foreign Parts and Coastways, and to regulate the general Police of the said Pills: And therefore praying, That Leave may'be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vox,. 45.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of tjbe whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Estimate of Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1789, ^{£^ebt be referred to the said Committee. er

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir JohnThorold be added to the Member ad-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring ded to bring in in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of &cflndosure several of the Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons Bill, otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, thereinafter mentioned.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Hogsthorpe, to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improv- In sur* ing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Hogsthorpe, Mumby cum Chapel, and in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Shawbury whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Roads an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His reportt ' present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle wider Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury. aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingvossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Distillery to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill to continue Twro Acts, made in the

5 Q Twenty-

County Elec tions bill again recommitted.

considered.

Stourport and Worcester Navigation Bill passed.

Committee on Isle of Mann Bill.

426 26° ApriUsA. 1790.

Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low 'Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-amde Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited' Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for* Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the I Vest Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was recommitted;

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to scour, cleanse, and deepen the Bed or Channel of the River Severn, from , in the County of Worcester, to a Place called near the

City of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Navigation to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle of Maim;

Ordered, That the Copies of the Attorney and So- Papers licitor General’s Reports, in the Years 1780 and 1781, Ie,en'ed* on the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made " pursuant to the Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth " of his late Majesty King George the First, between " the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury and " the Duke and Dutchess of the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island, and its Dependencies,

" under certain Exceptions therein particularly named and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned; and also, the Report of the Crown Officers of the Isle of Man on the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl was referred; together with the several Papers and Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues of the Isle of Man, be referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of March 1765, of the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider what Rights of the Proprietor of the Isle of Man, under the several Grants of the said Island, it may be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the said Island, and what Compensation it may be proper to make to the said Proprietor in respect thereof, and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }*»

{Mr. Curwen, j

Mr. Michael Angelo >85.

Tayloi': J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Abingdon Road Bill passed.

Trial of Mr. Hastings*

Ditto*

Account of Six Weeks Licences Duty presented!

£7° Ap

427

Maiiis, 27° die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III'" Regis, 1790. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayors Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at in the said

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Hall,

and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, 10 attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take thetti immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Morn-

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the'Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Law, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty of the Six Weeks Licences, imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Vol. 45.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties " upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by " Retail in Spirituous Liquors."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account i9 preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Laws relating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 10 to consider further of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Petition re-Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- Southwark second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Road Act*. George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and" for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, and also another Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 18th Day of March last, Notices were given in the Newspapers published in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, in the Month of April Instant, of Application having been made to Parliament for an Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said Acts, and for making and repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto, and that Notices were also given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said Counties of Surrey and Kent, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for making the several new or additional Roads before described, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to S\v Joseph Mazobey, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred P’y-to consider fhrther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Piece; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy Debt. That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, wa9, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an<1 Mean* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, theilesolution

which

.27° Aprilis.

A. 1790.

which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Foreign Se- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, g*"? That towards making good thfe Supply granted to His peiiT* re* Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds repaid into the Exchequer of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 20th Day of this Instant April, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Motion for a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the suk Weavers jyjotion ma(je Upon the 19th Day of this Instant April, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Magistrates, within their respective Jurisdictions, to regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, and to limit the Number of Apprentices to be employed, by any Master Weaver, at the same Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Eardley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Petition for A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Provirion P^sh of Saint John Baptist, in the City of -

in Peter- borough, was presented to the House, and read:

borough Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, light-Paving Bill, ing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Public Places, within the City and Township of Peterborough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township; and Setting forth, That the Public Passage leading from the Market Place to the Gateway of the Minster Close, within the said City (being about Twenty-five Yards in Length) is very narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and it would be of Safety and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said City, and others making use of the said Passage, if Power was given to take down Two Houses of small Value, situate upon the Sides of the said Passage, and to make the same of a proper. Width: Ana therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for widening the said Passage, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Pulteney,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts re- ' Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an lating to the Account of the Gross Produce of the Post Horse Duties

Poet Horses, for Ye" *7»7, Lendi"g 1'f f August.

ordered. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Districts under the Farm

03

Act, the Names of the Farmers, and the Amount of the Rents respectively, with any Variations therein that have taken Place since the First Letting to the present Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such of the Farmers of the Post Horse Duties as have become Defaulters, and to what Amount.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of Collection of the Post Horse Duty previous to the passing of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,

" for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty’3 Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such " Persons as shall be willing to contract for the " same," and the Amour# of the Saving to the Public in the Article of Collection in consequence of passing the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bl11 forfarm-Reading of the Bill to make perpetual an Act, made p^st Horse*'* in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present committed. Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to farm the Duties granted by " an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Friday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That, the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commitieeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tobacco Bill, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hhn to report, when the House will please, to receive the same.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Repdrt be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

African Slave Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Bill deferred. next, resolves itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of " Africa."

Distillery Bill Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-deferred. ingf next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made irt the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of Britiskrma.de Spirits from to

land, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28® Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Prayers,

Bromham IV/TR. Brett presented to the House, according to Hoads Bid lY-L Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and pie^ntea. keeping in Repair, the Road from Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South. End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell,in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom Provision in ^e Qf several principal Inhabitants of the

Peterborough Parish of Saint John Baptist, in the City of Paving Bill was referred; That the Committee had examined the reported. Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Martin Cole, Esquire, being examined, said, That the public Passage leading from the Market Place to the Gateway of the Minster Close, within the City of Peterborough (being Twenty-five Yards in Length, or there abouts) is yery narrow and incommodious for

Vo l. 45.

Passengers and Carriages, and it would be of Safety and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said City, and others, if Power Afras given to take down Two Houses of small Value situate upon the Sides of the said Passage, and to make the same of a proper Width:

And a Member present informed your Committee,

That the Owners of such Two Houses have no Objection to the same being taken down.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Laries, Passages, and public Places, within the City and Township of and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, und Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township, is committed;

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for w idening the Passage leading from the Market Place to the Gateway of the Minster Close, within the said City.

The Earl of Courtoam reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would Address* be graciously pleased to order Copies of the Reports therein mentioned to be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will order the same accordingly.

Mr. Shane reported fvgjm the Committee, to whom sioane Street the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, Paving rewatching, and watering Sioane Street, and certain other committed Streets and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, 1 repwr,e Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi?

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, 'upon the- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message, by Sir Francis M Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Bluck Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

- Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at tire House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Leeds, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Mones by Loans

5 R or

430 £8" Aprilts. A. 1790,

or Exchequer BiIIb, for the Service of foe Veer One An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh

thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: within the Parishes of Saint Clement's and

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans Saint John's, in the County of Norfolk, and

t>r Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One for dividing and inclosing the same, and other Corn-thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: moos, within the said Parishes:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put id An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti- Commonable Lands within the Manor of

tilled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty ' u by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for u the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax:

An Act to continue the several Law's therein mert-tiooed, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Bate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer: An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deed and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers:

An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfidd, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfeld, and also of a Branch of the said River, to Shortbridge, in £he Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for more effectually embanking the March called MaUdraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the inclosed low Lands contiguous thereto:

An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair the Road from Fosbrook, in foe Parish of , through Dillom, and from thence to or near to Chedle-ton, in the County of Stafford:

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrave, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill, near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Pattingham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Street End, in the Parish of Kingszomford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and tram Bug den to Huntingdon, and from Cross Halt to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and -also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the Ferry House in the Parish of to and through Little Barferd, Eynesbury, end Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at 'the Endfo Cross Hall Lane:

02

Longbridge, Hussey DeveriU, and Monkton DeveriU, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called -ion, otherwise BurtleMoor, East Heath, West Heath, and Clyde Batch, within the Hamlet of and Parish

of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormsione, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing Willem

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads in the stirlingand Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, was read the Third Dumbarton Time. Rottds Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Passed* be. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, Southwark to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Roads Bill putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in ortkred-the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, and also another Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers, called The Essex, Herts, Kent, end Middlesex Chronicle, of the 13th, 20th, and 27th of this Instant April; and also, The Diary, or Wood-fall's Register, of the 12th, 19th, and 26th of the said Instant April, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging thfe Powers, of the before-mentioned Acts, and for making the several new or additional Roads before described, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 18th Day of March last: And,

Mr. William Hosier informed your Committee, That agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Kent, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions: And,

Mr. Beriah Drew also said, That the like Notice had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Surry, at the said Easter Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report, which,

upon

Committee on Corn Laws.

Stirling Roads Bill pussed.

upon the 18th Day of March last, w&s made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for opening and making a new Road from the East 4< End of Next Street, in the Parish of John,

" Southwark, to and through the several Places therein M mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Re- pair for the future;" and also, another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the iseveral Places

therein mentioned, and for keeping the same and several other Roads adjoining in Repair, and also for making and keeping in Repair other Roads adjacent thereto: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Lord Wit-ham Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint in the said

County of Stirling, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. to 1. l. To leave out " Penny," and insert " Halfpenny" instead thereof.

1.1 g. To leave out " Penny," and insert " Halfpenny" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resotted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, in the said County of Stirling.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 45.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Fran$oise De Lne’s

nette De Luc was read the Third Time. Nat Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pa8s be, An Act for naturalizing Frangoise Antoinette De Luc.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bitt to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dove do attend the Com- Several Permittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to *°n® at* consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave ttee°o^' Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which slave Trade, have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. James Morky do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Parker do also attend the said Committed

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Town do also attend the said Committee. -

Ordered, That Doctor Trotter do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Norris do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are ap- Committee pointed to take the Examination of the several Wit- °n Sieve . nesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the B^tw*th^ wt' House to attend the Committee of the whole House, standing any to whom it is referred to consider further erf the Circum- Adjournment stances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several °Dhe House. Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Petition of William Knox, Patentee for Life under Mewre. the Great Seal of Great Britain, of the Office of Secre- Kn°x ""1. tary of the late British Colony, now State of New Fords peti-York, and of James Ford, Patentee of the Office of °n‘ Provost Marshall of Georgia, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Patent Offices in the late British Colonies, now American States, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Acts of Parliament having passed in the Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-seventh Years of His Majesty’s Reign, appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons as had suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, the Petitioners delivered in to the said Commissioners Statements of the Incomes they had respectively received from the several Offices they held by Patents under the Great Seal during their own Lives, or the Lives of others, and proved the same to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and expected to receive Compensation for the Life Estates therein, as legal Rights and Freehold Property within the Meaning of the said Acts, but the House having, on the 9th of June 1788, Resolved, That Allowances should be made to such Persons whose Losses of Income arose from Professions or Offices, in the Proportion of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Income above Four hundred Pounds, where the Value did not* exceed Fifteen hundred Pounds, and where the Value exceeded Fifteen hundred Pounds, then in the Proportion of Thirty per Cent, of the Value exceeding Four hundred Pounds, the said Commissioners understanding the Word " Offices," in the said Resolution, as generally applicable to Patent Offices, as well as all others, conceived themselves restrained thereby from reporting upon the Petitioners Patent Offices as Legal Rights

Warrants granting Pensions to Mr. and Mrs. Knox, ordered.

Glasgow Police Bill deferred.

Ways and Means defer red.

Supply deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings

482 28" — 29° Aprilis. A. 1790.

and Freehold ^Property, as they ft7e deemed in all And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Courts of Law, and have, as the Petitioners are in- Managers at the Trial of Warren , Esquire,

formed, classed them with Incomes arising from the were called over; and they went to the Places in -casual Gains of Professions, and of Offices in which minster Hall appointed for them.

the Possessors had no certain Tenure, contrary, as the Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Petitioners conceive, to the Intention of the House, and the whole House, in order to be present at the said to the great Detriment and Injury of the Petitioners: Trial.

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by

shall seem fit. their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Hall accordingly.

Table. And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Chpy of his Majesty’s Warrant, dated June 16th, The House was moved. That the Order made upon Coventry 1778, granting a Pension of 1,200l. a Year to Wil- Friday last, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow, Paving Bill liam Knox, Esquire; and also, a Copy of His Ma- the ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, de'erred-jesty’s Warrant, dated March 19th, 1782, granting a lighting, and watching the City of and the

Pension of 600l. a Year to Mr. Knox, and a like Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Niu-Pcnsion of 600l. a Year to Mrs. Knox, in Lieu of sances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and the Pension of i,*oo/. a Year granted to Mr. Knox otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the in 1778. Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and

Suburbs, might be read.

The other Orders of the Day being read; And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glas- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

gow over certain adjoining Lands, for paving, light- upon Wednesday Morning next, ing, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the

Police of the said City, and for giving certain Power Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Manchester

to the Magistrates of Glasgow for the Benefit of the whom the Bill for providing a new Poor House for, and Poor Bill

said City, be further adjourned till Monday Morning for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of rePorted-next. the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lon-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- caster, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for to be true; and that the Committee had gone through raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- which they had directed him to report to the House; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards House, to consider further of the Supply granted to delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the His Majesty. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Morning, Ten of the Clock. agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jovis, 29° die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

RDE R ED, That the Serjeant at Arms attend- ing this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places, adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of ail Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the 6ame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And lie went accordingly.

And being returned, be reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Mr. Samuel Smith reported from the Committee, to Goldsmith* whom the Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in Bill reported, the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and " Silver Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver " Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold " and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," as relates to the marking of Silver Wares, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Petitions to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, against the to consider further of the Petition of the several Per- sP,pt Nisons whose Names arc thereunder written, Dealers by ^"emY*

Retail

S96 Ap

433

Accounts relating to the Duties on Post Horses, presented.

Retail in Spirituous Liquofe, and Householders, residing in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Ddor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Post Horse Duties, for the Year ending the ist of August 1787: And also,

An Account of the Number of Districts under the Farm Act, the Names of the Farmers, and the Amount of the Rents respectively, with the Variations therein that have taken Place since the first Letting to the present Time: And also,

An Account of such of the Farmers of the Post Horse Duties as have become Defaulters, and the Amount: And also,

An Account of the Charges of Management of the Post Horse, &c. Duties for One Year, ending the ist of August 1786.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Papers re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a MesmKnox ^st ^e Names of the several Persons to whom and Ford, Allowances have been made for their Losses of In-

ordered. comes by the Suppression of the Board of Trade, and the Office of Secretary of State for the Colonies; with a Statement of their respective Incomes, and of the Allowances made to each of them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from George Rose, Esquire, Secre-Vol. 45.

tary to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to William Knox, Esquire, dated the 17th March 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Parts of the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to examine the Claims of the Sufferers by the Dis-sentions in America, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as relate to the Claims of William Knox and James Ford for the Loss of Offices in New York and Georgia.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Lottery Rill a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of PreBebtWi Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to

Mickleover

Inclosure Bill.

Road and Langham Inclosure Bill.

DudleyCanal

Navigation

Bill.

Shawbury Reads Bill passed.

Tamer Ferry

Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graces and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mickleover, in the County of Derby', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectually carrying, into Execution Two Acts,

.of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and -point, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleatarn, in the Parish

of Warcop, in the County of Westmwith some

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon', with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain printing the Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be printed; l^Bl ‘

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Tobacco Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reported, the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the

5 S la:t

Bleatarn Inclosure Bill,* with Amend- merits.

Honiton Paving, Ac. Billy with Amendments.

Mr, Hastings Trial.

Motion for re-committing the Tobacco Bill. Neg.

Report Com Laws.

29° ApriU

A. 1790.

last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. St. John,

Tellers for the Yeas, < Sir James Erskine St. 72.

[ Clair:

Tellers for the Noes, {m.} ,4'-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bramston, according to Older, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Meal or Flour, except Meal or Flour made of Wheat, or of Oats, be prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Wheat hall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal, or Flour, imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Wheat shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal, or Flour, imported from any other Country, except Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, into this Kingdom, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported from Ireland,or the Province of Quebec, into England,

a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal imported into England, a Duty of Five Shillings.

Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal imported from any other Country, except Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, into England, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, whenever the Price of British Oat-meal shall exceed Sixteen Shillings per BoU, weighing One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Troy, in Scotland, there be laid, upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported from Ireland, or the Provmce of Quebec into Scotland, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, whenever the Price of British Oat-meal shall exceed Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Troy, in Scotland, there be laid, upon every Hundred Weight of Oatmeal, imported from any other Country, except Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, into Scotland, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted on every Hundred Weight of Biscuit Bread exported, made of British Wheat, a Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted on every Hundred Weight of Flour exported, made of British Wheat, a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 31st Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain; and also " for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and " the Importation of Rape Seedand to report their Opinion to the House in what Manner the Provisions of the said Act may be more effectually carried Into Execution, and also what Alterations and Amendments it may appear necessary to make in the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Warrants Order, grautingPen-

A Copy of His Majesty’s Warrant, dated June 16th sl<\nVj° Mr* 1778, granting a Pension of 1,200l. a Year to William ^nnox Knox, Esquire; and also a Copy of His Majesty’s santedl Warrant; dated March 19th, 1782, granting a Pension of 600l. a Year to Mr. Knox, and a like Pension of 600 /. a Year to Mrs. Knox, in Lieu of the Pension of 1,2001, a Year granted to Mr. Knox in 1778.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Major General instruction* Rooke, a Member of this House, could give material toCommitto* Information on the Subject Matter of the African Slave ll|e 51ave Trade; Tr*dt-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Select Committee, who are appointed to take the Examination of the several Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the

o 8 St>ite

State of the African Slave Trade, That they do take the Examination of the said Major General Rooke, if he shall think fit to be so examined; and that the Committee do report the said Examination to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Distillery Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Bill deferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in th'e Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vemris, 30°. die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1790.

Pea y ees.

Southwark O IR Joseph Maxvbey presented to the House, accord-Roads Bill ij ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and presented. for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, and also, for making and keeping in Repair other Roads adjacent thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Westminster Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Fish Market whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed and Trustee* elected by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-

reported. second Year of the late King, intituled, "An Act

" for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the " Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained" in an Act of the First " Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are " taken with a Hook," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty

Vox.. 45.

was read; by which it appeared, That the Trustees were thereby authorized to make a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster', and in order to defray the Expence thereof, certain Duties in the said Act mentioned were directed to be paid by all Fishermen and other Persons bringing Fish to the said intended Market; and by the said Act the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge were authorized to convey a certain Piece of Ground for the Sum of Five Pounds, to be made use of for the Purpose of holding such Market; and the said Piece of Ground was accordingly conveyed to the said Trustees, as appeared by a Deed of Bargain and Sale which was produced to your Committee by the Clerk to the said Trustees.

And it further appeared by the said Act, That if there should be any Surplus of the said Duties, the same should be applied Yearly in binding out Boys Apprentices to Fishermen, Masters of Ships, or some other Persons employed in the Sea Service.

And it also appeared by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, That the Sum of Two Shillings is made payable for every Fishing Vessel arriving at The Nore, One Shilling and Six Pence of which is directed to be paid to the said Trustees, to be applied as therein is mentioned;

Then,

Mr. Thomas Drake, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said, That soon after the passing of the said first-mentioned Act the Trustees caused a Fish Market to be erected upon the Piece of Ground conveyed to them for that Purpose, which Market continued for some Time, but the same could not be kept up in such Manner as to be of any Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City; and the Trustees were therefore obliged to abandon the Design, and the said Piece of Ground whereon the Market was held hath been since let out upon a Building Lease, for a certain Term of Years, at a reserved Rent of 65 /. per Annum.

And the Witness further said, That for several Years past the Surplus Money, as it came into the Hands of the Treasury, had been placed in the public Funds, and had been accumulating.

And it appeared by the Treasurer’s Accounts, which the Witness produced, That the Trustees are now possessed of 4,200l. in the 3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, and that their whole Annual Income amounts -at present to the Sum of 320/. or thereabouts, and their Disbursements to about 50/. per; and that

there is now in the Hands of the Treasurer the Sum of 185/. lf>J. 11 d.

Then several of the Trustees informed your Committee, That they are desirous of conveyir.g and giving up all their Estates and Property they are entitled to by virtue of the said Acts, to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and to be discharged from their Trust; and they beg Leave to submit to the House, whether so much of the several Acts as relates to the said Fish Market should not be repealed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for conveying and applying the Estates and Monies belonging to the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market, to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and for repealing certain Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Fish Market: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Samuel Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of pavi^ °"

Honiton,in the County of Devon. , &c. Bill

And agreed u>.

30° Aprilis. A. 1790.

And the stud Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr, 20. 1. 18,1 Leave out " it shall be lawful to and > " place," and in Line 19, after

10. I " Money," insert " shall be

" placed."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lutterworth An. ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of

*" Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Banbury A Bill for taking down the Church and Tower be* Church Bill longing to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of commute . Otford, and for re-building the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sloan* Street An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, Paving Bill lighting, watching, and watering Sloane Street, and cer-P*8 " tain other Streets and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for forming, and keeping in Repair, the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within a certain District in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, called, Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Goldsmiths An ingrossed Bill to alter so much of an Act, made Bill passed. ;n the Iwelfto Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and " Silver Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties on all Gold ana Silver Plate imported, " and also certain Duties on'all Gold and Silver Wrought " Plate made in Great ," as relates to the marking

of Silver Wares, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver " Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Dutias on all Gold and Silver Plate " imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and " Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concureenco.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendment* tuled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common *° Bleatwn and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleatam, in agreed the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 19.

1. 21. Pr. 7. 1. 38.

Pr. 8. 1. 25. 1. 26.

1. 29.

1. 3l*

1- 33-

and

34-

Pr. 10. 1. 3.

1. ip.

1. 11. 1. 15. Pr. 22. 1. 23.

In the Interlineation leave out " Brough, Musgrove, and " pleby respectively," and insert " all the Parishes adjoining the " said Common and Waste " Grounds."

Leave out " Seven," and insert " Fifteen."

After " the" insert " Expiration " of Five Months from the " Time of the "

Leave out " Great Door," and insert " Doors."

Leave out " Church of ,"

and insert " Churches."

Leave out " Seven," and insert " Fifteen."

Leave out " or at Appleby."

Leave out " or as near thereto as " conveniently may be."

Leave out " or Appleby," and after " aforesaid" leave out to " and, " in Line 5.

Leave out " Great Door," and insert " Doors."

Leave out " Church of Warcop" and insert " Parish Churches." Leave out " Seven," and insert " Fifteen."

After " shall " insert within Five " Months from the Date thereof."

1. 24. Leave out from " inrolled" to " by," in Line 25.

1. 36. Leave out from " the" to "Clerk," in Line 38.

Pr. 23. 1. 4. Leave out " proper Officer or."

Leave out " or other proper Officer as aforesaid.

1. 19. After "Words" insert "and the " said original Award or Instrument shall be deposited in the " Chest of the Parish Church of " Warcop aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

1. 11. and

12.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- N*wca*tl« mittee, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made and Suodtr-in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, I®nd,c?*}, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships " with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

30° Aprilis.

437

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Scotch Elec- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a Bill for tion Bill further regulating the Election of Members to serve in

or ere ' Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland: And that Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Pnlteney, Mr. Anstruther, and Mr. Adam, do prepare, and bring in, the same. *

Alfreton Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do make the Report

mwitecL from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place, in the Town oi, Mansfield, called Stockwell; and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwclt and JIuekn nail, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike," at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County ‘ ofj Nottingham, was committed.

Mr. Pochin accordingly reported from the saidj Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leeds Water Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to and Lighting whom the Bill for better supplying the Town and Bill reporte . Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Pate Nevile, of Holbeck, in the County of York, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One.by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, - with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to secure the Interest of Mr. Sagar in Pitt-fall Mills.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

vot. 45.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the uriinclo&ett Fields, Huttoii Arable Lands, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Towtiship of Hutton Bushell, in committed, the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time. t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVal-pole, Mr. Vyner,&e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is King’s Cott* concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing Tickton 8*nt toTick-Carr, or Common, in the County of York, which Bill g[j| nc ur® was, upon the 2*3d Day of this Instant April, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr- Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is Concerned, that the House may do therein as they \ foaUfehink ‘fit.

Mr. Gamon reported from the Committee, who were Report from

appointed to take into Consideration an Act made in Committee the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present on Sta?e Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number Coach p»®* ".of Persons-to be carried on the Outside of Stage 8enge " Coaches or other Carriages," and to report to the House what Measures may be deemed necessary to enforce the due Observance thereof; That the Committee had considered the said Act, and had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table'

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

.Your Committee think, That it will be necessary to alter, explain, and amend the said Act, particularly with respect to the N umber of Passengers allowed to go on the Outside of Stage Coaches; and that for the better enforcing the due Observance thereof, it will be necessary to authorize the Collectors of the Tolls at every Turnpike Gate through which any Stage Coach shall pass, to demand and take, as a Toll, a certain Sum for each Passenger above the Number to be allowed, and that proper Powers shall be given for the collecting, levying, and recovering such Toll, and to prevent the same being evaded — To oblige the Owners of Stage Coaches to put the Names of the Proprietors thereon, and to Number the same — To prevent any. Passenger from driving the Coach, without the full Consent of all the other Passengers; and also to prevent the Guard of the Coach from tiring off his Arms, except for the Defence of the same. ’

Mr. Gamon also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be " carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other " Carriages."

And Mr. Gamon moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number of " Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches,

" or other Carriages :’’ And that Mr. Gamon, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Robert Burton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Honge a<J^ House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. journs to *

5 T The Monday.

A. 1790.

30" Aprilis — 3°

Slave Trade deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mr. took the Chair of the Committee,

to consider further of the Circumstances of the' Slave Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

have been presented to this House, relative to the State had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments of the African Slave Trade; thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Tobacco Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

pawed. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed. to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu " thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Regul*t‘°M Copy of the Regulations made by the Treasury for the Mode of letting in Farm the Tax on Horses travelling Tax, ordered. Post

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- AfricanSlw ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ®>'l deferred.

jrtla-

;5.CVe‘ I

A

Rill, by Way of Ryder, for giving to Persons, prpse- House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be

cuted for Offences against this Act, an Option to' have the Matter of the Complaint tried by a Jury.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yetis went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

22.

.},0°-

limited, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate,

" for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves,

" in Rrittsh Vessels, from the Coast of Africa."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ant ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole d£' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferr raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- SuPP'y ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'ene

the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt Persons keeping House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Public Houses from being obliged to take out Licences His Majesty, as Dealers in Tobacco.

Account of Post Horse, Sec, Duties, presented.

And the Question being put, That the 9aid Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof."

Ordaed, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 3° die Mali;

Anno 30* Georgii III'1 Regis, 1790

Prayers.

v-yn

*BJ1

Jotd.

the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, AyT R- Speaker acquainted

An Account of the Charge of Management on the -kVL Clerk of this House Post Horse, Stage, and Diligence Duties, for the Year 1786; and also, of the Saving to the Public in the Article of Collection of the Post Horse Duties in consequence of the Act for farming the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Committee for farming Duties on Post Horses.

the House, That the Account o(

_______________ - had received, from the Stat*.

Clerk of the Journals, an Account of the State of the printed Journals of this House, distinguishing the ' I

Number and Condition of the Setts remaining in the Office; and that the said Account was now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account? «f the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at ^5- the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Licences to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Duty, pre-

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of sintel1-

j" "H dA

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make Excise, between the 5th of 1788 and the 5th of perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year April 1789, and between the 5th of April 1789 and of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An the 5th of April 1790: And also,

" Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commis- An Account of the Produce of the Duty of the Six " sioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let Weeks Licences, imposed by an Act, made in the " to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present " Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same."

upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors."

And then he withdrew.

And

30 Geo. III. 3° Mail

439

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That- the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Curnltegala- Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Toted'11 P e* Order, a EM for regulating the Importation and Ex*

' ' portation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on

Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British

f* Corn exported: And the same was received; and read

iv the First Time.

L. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Toiwtall An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road Bill of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign

! c P*8®1* of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening

{ the Road from Tunstull,in the County of Stafford, to

1 Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell

1 to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was read

the Third Time.

:i Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

\ be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of

an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of a-1-’- His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

t j Road from Tunstall, in the County of to Bosley,

ut in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to

Shelton, in the said County of Stafford. tp*" Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton, do carry the Bill

V to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

to

Bromham A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Road* Bill Repair, the Road from Bromham Bridge, in the County iy toimnitted. of Beds ord, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olnei/j in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pegnell, in the same County, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Mr. St.John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

" passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from -

" land near the Sea to the City of Durham, in the " County of Durham;" and, an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers " of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland " near the Sea to the City of Durham, in the County " of Durhamand also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Merchants, Shopkeepers, Dealers, and Traders, in the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the First and last mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Second-mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Maitxoaring presented to the House, accord- St. James’* ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial presente(j. Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Durham Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom

Paving Bill the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, w atching, if ported, and and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public , ei' re-commuted. pasga„e3 ancj Places, within the City of Durham and Borough Of Framuclgate, and the Suburbs thereof, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, lj- Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, for widen-

ing and rendering more commodious several of the i;1 said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and

Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets of- within the said City and Suburbs, was ’ committed;

and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose a Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-

selves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Burgages, Lands, Tenements, and lleredita-® f , inents, within the City of Durham, anti the Suburbs and

it - Neighbourhood thereof, and also, of the Merchants,

it 111 Dealers, and Traders, in the Town of near

t'1' the Sea, in the said County; and also, the Petition

oi " of the several Persons w hose Names are thereunto sub-

ut scribed, being acting Trustees appointed in and by

ri virtue of the several Acts of Parliament herein after

mentioned; (that is to say) an Act of the Twentieth a Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing

! " the Road leading from Sunderland near the Sea to

i " the City of Durham,in the County of ;" an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Vql. 45.

An ingrossed Bill for better supplying the Town and Letd* Water Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with and Lighting Water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing Bypassed, the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. L 7. After " Covert’’ to insert " where the " same shall exceed the Sum of " Twenty Pounds."

1. 24. After " Money" to insert " and also " such Sums of Money to be paid " as aforesaid as shall not exceed " Twenty Pounds."

Pr. 30. 1. 9. To leave out from " mentioned" to " or" in I. 12.

1.13. After " D.irt" to insert " or," and to leave out " or Stones."

Pr. 33-1. 36. After " Pounds" to insert " Provided " nevertheless, That no One Person ’ " shall be obliged to serve the said

" Office of Assessor more than " Once."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water,

and

440

3° Ma

A. 1790.

Peterborough Paving Bill reported.

and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Places, within the City and Township of Peterborough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

" Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by " an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the same," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Obstructions therein, and for repairing the Highways within the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, ingrossed.

with the Amendments, be

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Regulation Orders,

A Copy of the Regulations made by the Treasury papfrsre. for the Mode of letting in Farm the Tax on Horses latingio travelling Post: And also, Me*sn.Koot

A List of the Names of the several Persons to whom Allowances have been made for their Losses of Incomes by the Suppression of the Board of Trade, and the Office of Secretary of State for the Colonies, with a Statement of their respective Incomes, and of the Allowances made to each of them: And also,

Newcastle and Sunderland Coal Trade Bill passed.

A Copy of the Letter from George Rose, Esquire, An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury,

«« TJm IV /T o i Anfu^n D il rJ 7/f/* /11 T?___J aL a „ X. 1

Tickton Inclosure Bill passed.

Manchester Poor Bill passed.

Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals " in the Ports of Newcastle and ," was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland "

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburnedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch Election Bill pre-seated.

Bill for farming Duties oil Post Horses reported.

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or

Commissioners 06

to William Know, Esquire, dated the 17th of 1783: And also,

Extracts from such Parts of the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed to examine the Claims of the Sufferers by the Dissentions in America, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as relate to the Claims of William Knox and James Ford for the Loss of Offices in Nezv York and Georgia.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and amend, an Act made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a " limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill to to empower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, and examine and cer- visit ’ tify the State and Condition of the Poor to the Quar- Workhoitu, ter Sessions: And that Mr. and Mr. Drake, orderti

Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Boughton Rouse, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Kevepnu/ Papers which were presented to the House, upon the Accounu. 19th Day of February and the 1 ith Day of March last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-Qf the Treasury for the loweth; viz.

Resolved,

30 Geo. III.

3s Ma

4*41

IT

r

T

3

I.

IT,

T)

Cl

It

4

a-

4

a

a

a

w

r-;. r-v

V*'

id:'

it

iii. -iei; t,

it

Resolved, That it appeal's to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Proviness of Bengal, Bah and > , and front Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coin-

age Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue,

Chide Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium,- for the Year 1789-90, are estimated by the Governor General and Council to amount to the Sum of Five Crore, Sixty Lacks, Ninety-three thousand Nine handled ana Seventy-one Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1789-90, are estimated by the Governor General end Council to amount to the Sum of Three Crore, Sixteen Lacks, Twenty-six thousand Two hundred and Seventy Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales . of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1786-7 to 1788-9, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore, Thirty Lacks, Fifty-seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it* appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues, of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from

Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated for the Year 178S-9 at Five Crore, Forty-four Lacks, One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-one Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore, Sixty-one Lacks, Ninety-nine thousand Nine hundred and Forty-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated for the Year 1788-9 at Two Crore, Ninety-four Lacks, Fifty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Eighteen Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore, Eighteen Lacks, Thirty-two thousand Five hundred and Five Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on an Average of the Years 1786-7 and 1787-8, to the Sum of Twenty-seven Lacks, Ninety-five thousand Nine hundred and Twelve Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carmlic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, which were estimated (after allowing for the Charges of collecting the same) to amount to Thirty-one Lacks, Seven thousand Four hundred and Seventy-eight Pagodas, amounted to Thirty Lacks, Thirty-three thousand and Seventy-two Pogodas.

Vox.. 45.

Resolved, That it appears t6 this Committee; That the Charges defraydd by the East India Chtnpany at the Presidency of Fort Saint Geot'ge, and the Settlements Subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military;

Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1788-9, to amount to Twenty-nine Lacks,

Eighty-seven thousand Five' hundred and Sixty-four Pagodas, amounted -to Thirty-two Lacks, Fifty-five thousand and Ninety-three Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues,

Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1789-90, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Bombay at the Sum of Eleven Lacks, Ninety-one thousand Six hundred and Twenty-seven Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settle- . ments subordinate thereto, in the Year 1789-90, are estimated at Forty-nine Lacks, Two thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted on an Average of Three Years, from 1785-6 to 1787-8, both inclusive, to the Sum of Eleven thousand and Twenty-four Dollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Total Debts owing by the East India Company in their different Settlements in the East Indies, exclusive of the Sums for which Bills have been granted, payable on the Court of Directors at Home, in pursuance of their Orders of the 15th Day of September 1785, and 31st Day of July 1787, amounted, according to the latest Accounts of the whole Debt received in England, to the Sum of Six Crore, Fifty Lacks, Thirteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Total of the Debts owing by the East India Company in their different Settlements in the East Indies, bearing Interest, amounted, on the 30th Day of April 1789. to the Sum of Five Crore, Twenty-six Lacks, Six -thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Amount of Interest, payable on the said Debts in India, was forty-three Lacks, Eighty-four thousand Two hundred and Sixty-three Current Rupees.

A Motion was made, and the Question 'being pro- Motion for posed, That the said Report be re-committed; re-commit-

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the tln%R*p?r*i* Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Company’s,a jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Relief to the Revenue " United Company of Merchants of England trading Accounts,

" to the East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Neg’

" Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due,

" to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain " Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer " Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a M Dividend of Four Pounds, per Centum, to the Proprietors, at Christmas, One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India " Goods," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the said Report-be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

5 U Then

3°- — 4a

A, 1790.

Then the said Rebolulions WcVe severally read a Second Tilne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Clarkson Ordered, That the Reverend Thomas Clarkson do Committee ^^ik] the Committee of the whole House, to whom bnSlave it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances Trade. of the- Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

C*la~>gow Police Bill eelerred.

vered the Bill, with the Amencldients, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the’ Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mh Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Durham the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and Paving reregulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Pas* committed sages and Places, within the City of Durham and BlUreP°rtti

Tho other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon Borough of Framwdgate, and the Suburbs thereof the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glas- foi- removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances*

gend over certain adjoining Lands; for paving, lights ing, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating tlx; Police of the said City; and for giving certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Seved-nigfrt, the n th Day of Hits Instant May,

Encroachments; and Obstructions therein, for widem ing and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Public Passages and Places, and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amend*

Distillery Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday mentff to the Bill, which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill deferred, ftforning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinue ing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wine# and Spirits, and upon Worts; Walsh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirit#, and lot granting to His* Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation o i British-made Spirits from

England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Westminster

to continue, for a limited Time, m Act, made in the mittee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners Paving P«i-Twenty-sixth Yefar of the Reign of His present Ma- for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parlia- twnreP"rltli jesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment ment for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts therein men-Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the honed; and also, the Petition of several Owners and hotter Regulation of making and vending British Spi- Occupiers of Houses within certain Streets and Places rits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain in the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported John the Evangelist, in the Liberty of the City of West-from the West Indies. , commonly called Optional Streets; and also,

R: solved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of ing next, resohfo itself into a Committee of the whole Houses within certain Streets anjd other Places within House, to consider further of Ways and Means for foe Parish of Saint , and such Part of Covenliy raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Street as lies within the Parish of Martin in the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Fields, and Part of Princes Street, in the Parish of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Anne, within the Liberty of the City of House, to consider further of the Supply granted to commonly called Optional Streets, were severally re-

Way* and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is,4° die;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

Pray eu«.

Denbigh and

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report foe same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation# of the First-mentioned Petition, the several Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminste were read: And,

Charles Alexander Craig, Esquire, being examined, said, That by the said Acts the Commissioners have not sufficient Power to enforce the Payment of the Rates in the Optional Streets — That the said Acts are in other Respects defective, particularly that the Ma-

.....0___ "VtR. Williams reported from the Committee, to terials of the Paving and Lighting are not vested in

Mold Koad .1YJL whom the Bill for more effectually amending, the Commissioners, and that sufficient Powers are not

Bill imported. wjdening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the given with respect to the Removal of Nuisances and Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Annoyances.

Northop and Hohpcvell, and from Afon Wen to the Town ~

of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts for paving, cleansing, and

true; and that the Committee had gone through the lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places Bill, and rn^de several Amendments thereunto, which within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts they had directed him to report to the House; and adjacent, was read: And,

he read the Report in his Place; and afterward# deli- Mr. Thomas being examined, said. That the

Inhabitants

f - '

443

Inhabitants; of Saint Margaret's- and Saint the Evangelist, resident in Abingdon Street, are charged Three Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound, while the Streets under the Management of the Committee-men ate only charged with One Shilling and Six Pence — That if the Optional Streets within the said Parishes were put under the Management of Parochial Cora, mittees they would be better regulated, and at a less th;. Expence than at present.

To prove the Allegations of the Third-mentioned Pe. 't; tition, the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty was read: And,

Luke Idtson, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Rates in the Optional Streets in the said. Parishes of Saint James, Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Anne, are from Two Shillings to Four Shillings in the Pound, and that the Parochial Rates are only One Shilling and Six Pence, out of which a considerable Saving is made towards discharging the Debt — That, if the Optional Streets within the said Parishes were put under the Management of Parochial Committees they would be better regulated, and at a less Expence than at present — That the Powers the said Committees are invested with are not sufficient to enable them to remove and prevent Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to- bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts,

: made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly s’1- called optional Streets, under the Management of Com-

u'- mittees. to be Annually chosen by the Parish or Pre.

cinct w herein such Streets are situate, and for removing

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places,

1 and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Michael Angelo

i Tailor, Mr. Mainxcaring, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do

I prepare, and bring in, the same.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this I Ibstingp. House, do go, with the Mace into the Lobby, and i Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to W -

ster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their'Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Naples of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Thfin the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vo l. 45.

A Bilf for regulating the Importation and Exportation Com RegU. of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn reported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, commiUe<1' was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Mr. Has tings’ Leeds: Trial.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further ,in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Dolhen reported from the Select Com- First Report mittee appointed to take the Examination of the several Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by re- the House to attend the Committee of the whole specjting the House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Slave Trade. Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Slave Trade to resolve itself intera Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave -Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning nexk resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Message for Mr. Grey, with the Name of John Shore, Esquire, as a Attendance Witness to be examined to make out the Impeachment of Mr. Shore against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to desire that Hastings’ the Lords will make forth a Summons for his Attendance Trial. 8 at the said Trial on Thursday next.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Bill to em-Order, a Bill to empower Justices, and other Persons, to power Jur-visit Parish Workhouses, dr Poor Houses, and examine t,ces> *c-and certify the State and Condition of the Poor to the houses, pie-Quafter Sessions: And the same was received; and seated.’ read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Longlands, Agent Account* for the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, attended at the ^peering Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Buruhsm the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 22d Day of Scotland,

July,in the last Session of Parliament. presented.

Several

Petitions against the Spirit Licence Act deferred.

Day appointed for 3d Reading of Bill for farming Duties uti Post Morses.

African Slave Bill deferred.

Isle of Mann Bill put off for 3 Months.

444 4s — 5° Mail A. 1Y90.

Several other Accounts respecting the Royal Burghs in Scotland; vis.

Inverkeithing. — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, of Land Tax, from 1777 to 1788.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors for that Period.

3d, Account of the Gross Revenue, for the Year 1788.

4th, Account of Lands alienated since the Union.

Dingwall. — 1st, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

2d, Account of the Revenue of the Burgh for

1788.

3d, Account of Lands feued since the Union, and the Feu Duties payable for the same. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid befoi‘6 this House, Co- Muster Rolls pies of the Muster Rolls of all Vessels which sailed from of, Vtjssel,1 the Port of Liverpool, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive. pool, Ac.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* ordered. Copies of the Muster Rolls of all Vessels which sailed from the Port of Bristol, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of the Muster Rolls of all Vessels which Sailed from the Port of Hull, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive.

And thcii the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5° die Maii; Anno 30* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1 *90.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and Householders, residing in the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let " to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by " Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and amend, an Act made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, A’n Act to regulate, for a " limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, " in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Extent and Value of certain Rights, Revenues, and Possessions, in the Isle of Mann.

Ordered, That Mr. TVilberforce have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Brayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, Denbigh and widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Koi"l the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between 1 11 Northop and Holywell, and from A JVen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Towm of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon IVen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Mr. Selby’s, Selby, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and William Ac. Petition Commyns, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and of "ferred 10 Patrick Power, Esquire, William Carr, Esquire, and onimiU<'*-Henrietta his Wife, Barbara While, Widow of Nicholas White, Esquire, deceased, Charlotte Strickland, Spinster, and Sir John Lawson, Baronet, which said Catherine Selby, William Commyns, Patrick Power, Henrietta Carr, Barbara White, and Charlotte Strickland, are the Heirs at Law of Sir Roger Strickland, late of -terick, in the County of York, Baronet, deceased, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baring, Mr. Bastard, See.:

And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Herbert Machvorlh reported from the Com- Glamorgan-mittee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Canal Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near Car- Bl reP°rtt dif, in the County of Glamorgan, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the’ House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

06 Where

446

Where the Amendments were Once redd throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were, with an Amendment to One of them,' agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

irtgrossed.

peterbo- An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting,

rough Paving and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Bill passed. Places, within the City and Township of Peterborough, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for repairing, the Highways within the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and otherwise improving the City and Township of Peterborough.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to em- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower Justices, and other Per-vi»it \\ ork- sons> to v*s‘t Par's^ Workhouses, or Poor Houses, and houses, com- examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor mitted. to the Quarter Sessions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Coventry Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Paving Bill Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better paving, deferred. cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next

Hitchin Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom

Hoad Bill the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of cer-reported. tain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shcfoord, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wbychurch, Mr. Boiecerie reported from the Committee, to whom 4-c. Inclosure the Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Bill reported, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of JVhychurch and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the

Vol. 4 5.

County of Wills, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing (Irders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, amounting to 2/. ioj. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure amounts to 91/. 2 s.6d. per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Oedered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-tQ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fened. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning uext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Dutillery to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deterred, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for

franting and securing the due Payment of other )uties in Lieu thereof, and for the better' Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Com- Bedwin and mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting Preshute inseveral Open and Common Lands and Grounds with-in the Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedum, and rc,0,t' Preshute, in the County of Wiltswas committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined

5 X the King's Message respecting Vessels captured by Spain.

446 5° Mani A. 1790*

the Allegations of the Gill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 80 Acres, who is Abroad, and the Proprietor of 2 Acres, who could not be seen on Account of Illuess, and also the Proprietor of 2 Acres and Two Roods, who refused her Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 2,722 Acres and One Rood; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has received Information, that Two Vessels belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated under the British Flag, and Two others, of which the Description is not hitherto sufficiently ascertained, have been captured at Nootka Sound, on the North Western Coast of America, by an Officer commanding Two Spanish Ships of War; that the Cargoes of the British Vessels have been seized, and that their Officers and Crews have been sent as Prisoners to a Spanish Port.

The Capture of One of these Vessels had before been notified by the Ambassador of his Catholic Majesty, by Order of his Court, who at the same Time desired that Measures might be taken for preventing His Majesty’s Subjects from frequenting those Coasts, which were alledged to have been previously occupied and frequented by the Subjects of Spain. Complaints were also made of the Fisheries carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects in the Seas adjoining to the Spanish Continent, as being contrary to the Rights of the Crown of Spain. In Consequence of this Communication, a Demand was immediately made, by His Majesty’s Order, for adequate Satisfaction, and for the Restitution of the Vessel, previous to any other Discussion.

By the Answer from the Court of Spain it appears, that this Vessel and her Crew had been set at Liberty by the Vice-Roy of Mexico; but this is represented to have been done by him on the Supposition that nothing but the Ignorance of the Rights of Spain encouraged the Individuals of other Nations to come to those Coasts for the Purpose of making Establishments, or carrying on Trade, and in Conformity to his previous Instructions, requiring him to shew all possible Regard to the British Nation.

No Satisfaction is made, or offered, and a direct Claim is asserted by the Court of Spain to the exclusive Rights of Sovereignty, Navigation, and Commerce, in the Territories, Coasts, and Seas, in that Part of the World.

His Majesty has now directed His Minister at Madrid to make a fresh Representation on this Subject, and to claim such full and adequate Satisfaction as the Nature of the Case evidently requires. And, under these Circumstances, His Majesty, having also

received Information that considerable Armaments are carrying on in the Ports of Spain, has judged it indispensably necessary to give Orders for making such Preparations as may put it in His Majesty’s Power to act with Vigour and Effect in Support of the Honour of His Crown, and the Interests of His People. And His Majesty recommends it to His faithful Commons (on whose Zeal and Public Spirit He has the most perfect Reliance) to enable Him to take such Measures, and to make such Augmentation of His Forces, as may be eventually necessary for this Purpose.

It is His Majesty’s earnest Wish, that the Justice of His Majesty’s Demands may ensure, from the Wisdom and Equity of his Catholic Majesty, the Satisfaction which is so unquestionably due; and that this Affair may be terminated in such a Manner as to prevent any Grounds of Misunderstanding in future, and to continue and confirm that Harmony and Friendship which has so happily subsisted between the Two Courts, and which His Majesty will always endeavour to maintain and improve, by all such Means as are consistent with the Dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, and the essential Interests of His Subjects.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to make perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His pres en Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by " an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the same," was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, requiring the Farmers of the Tax to deliver in, upon Oath, every Year, an Account of their Gross Receipts.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Sheridan, 1

Tellers for the YeasJ Sir William Cunyng- > 15.

|_ hame: J

Tellers for the Noes / Mr‘

1 ellers for the JN oes, j 9-

And

Scotch Election Bill to be printed.

Committee on County Elections recommitted Bill.

Bill for-farming Duties on Post Horses, read the 3d Time.

Westminster Fish Market Bill presented.

Southwark Roads Bill committed.

The Lords have passed

Wilson’s Estate Bill.

Mr.I las tings’ Trial.

Mr. Shore will be summoned on Mr. Hastings’ Trial.

Mr. Noble to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

The Lords have agreed to

Polebrookln-closure Bill*

SO Geo. ill. & Mali,

U7

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIIul Regis, 1790. Praters.

MR. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for conveying and applying the Estates and Monies belonging to the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and for repealing certain Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Fish Market: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, and also, for making and keeping in Repair other Roads adjacent thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbcy, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wilson, Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will give Order for summoning John Shore, Esquire, as a Witness to be produced at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, as desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Clement Noble -do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Vol. 45.

Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bradford Act for preserving the Works made for supplying the Waterworks Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part Bl of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of Brads ord aforesaid, with Water, for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrbw Money for the improving such Works; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Truro Paving Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Bl11-Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Abingdon for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed Kuad Bl11-in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road irom the Mayors Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner,to the ancient Horse Road at Swifford,in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ramsgate Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Chapel Bill. Parish of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Linlithgow Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so Roads Bl11* much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Norwich and Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gale, in the County of the City ol Norxvich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cotgrave In-Act to confirm and establish the Division, Allotments, closur* B,1‘* and Inclosure of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ouze Haling Act for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, Baths Bill-and other Vessels, in the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or SeaWralls; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bowbrickhill Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within Bill, with the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny St rat - *

ford, in the County of Buckingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Glamorgnn-Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to or near shire Canal Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Bl1* Passed-Third Time.

The

6° Mail.

A. 1700.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out " Benjamin Hall"

1. 15. To leave out " John Wood, John " Williams."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Houseand the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr T to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff", in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whychurch, An ingrossed Bill for draining, dividing, allotting, Bill passed! ant* *nc*os'ng certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little ford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com-Hoosesin m*ttee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and llolborn and Occupiers of Houses within a certain Street and Place Middle Row, called Holborn and Middle Row, situate and being in reported. the United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George, Bloomsbury, and in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called an Optional Street and Place, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is us followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual several Acts relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was read: And,

Herbert Robertson, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Inhabitants of Holborn and Middle Row have been and are now charged with much higher Rates for paving, cleansing, and lighting, than the Inhabitants of the other Streets within the same Parishes — That if the said Street and Place were put under the Management of the joint Committee-men for the United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George, Bloomsbury, the Works would be better done, and at a much less Expence, than at present

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Committees, to be Annually chosen by the Parish or Precinct wherein such Streets are situate, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, bnd Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for putting a certain Street

and Plate called tiolborn and Middle Row, within die Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George, Bloomsbury, and Saint Andrew, Holbotn, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the joint Com* ihittee-men, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George, Bloomsbury.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting several Bedwin and Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Preshute in-Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and , B'11

in the County of Wilts,was read the Third Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message, acquainting this House of those Circumstances relative to the Capture of British Vessels on the North Western Coast of America, and to the Conduct of the Court of Spain on this Occasion, which have induced His Majesty to give Orders for making such Preparations as may put it in His Majesty’s Power to act with Vigour and Effect in Support of the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and of the Interests of His People; and to assure His Majesty, that we shall readily proceed to enable His Majesty to take such Measures, and to make such Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces, as may eventually be necessary on this Occasion.

That we trust that the Justice of His Majesty’s Demands will ensure, from the Wisdom and Equity of his Catholic Majesty, the Satisfaction which is so unquestionably due to His Majesty; and that we shall sincerely rejoice in such a Termination of the Discussions now depending, as may prevent any Grounds of Misunderstanding in future, and may continue and confirm that Harmony and Friendship which has happily subsisted between^ Great Britain and Spain; but that we, at the same Time, feel it our indispensable Duty to assure His Majesty of the Determination of His faithful Commons, to afford His Majesty the most zealous and effectual Support in such Measures as may become requisite for maintaining the Dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, and the essential Interests of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

King’s Mrs-sage respecting Vessels captured by Spain considered, and Address thereupon.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That there be laid before this House, a State of StateofTrade the Trade carried on from Great Britain and Ireland to the North Western Coast of Noi'th America, and also America,&c. of the Southern Whale Fishery. withdrawn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address con-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to cerning the give Directions, that there be laid before this House, CaPl,.ir« the Intelligence received by His Majesty’s Ministers certe,n 'Ps>

02 concerning

Motion concerning the Spanish Armament. Neg.

Mr. Newton to attend Committee on Slave Trade,

Slave Trade deferred.

African Slave Bill deferred.

Distillery Bill deferred

concerning the Capture of the Ships mentioned in His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,. that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, the Information received concerning the Armament in the Spanish Ports, and the Dates when such Information was received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Reverend John Newton do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and " carrying Slaves, in British Vessels from the Coast " of Africa."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill -to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of

British-made Spirits from England to , and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported" from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 45.

449

Veneris, 7° die M

Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

RATERS.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of Royal Assent the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of PeeTs, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Leeds, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland:

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution Two Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazetey Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford:

An Act for authorizing and enabling the Right honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, to establish and maintain a common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and Torpoiht, in the Parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of Carts within the Borough of Truro, and Part of the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, and Part of the Township of Horton, in the Parish of'

Bradford aforesaid, with Water, for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water, and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such Wrorks:

An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the

5 Y County-

450 7° M 1790.

County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish:

An Act for empowering Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Beasts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls t An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephens Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayors Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Mkkleover, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleaiarn, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of

An Act to confirm and establish the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Cotgrave, in the County of Nottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton.

Saint James’s A Bill to amend an Act of the last Session of Par-Ground Bill ^'aInent> for providing an additional Burial Ground for committed. ^l6 Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-roaring, Sir Archibald &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Petition from The House was moved, That the Petition of the the Inhabit- Inhabitants within the District of Saint James, in the tonviUePeD* ^>ar's^1 of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of referred to a Middlesex, now called which was pre-

Committee. sented to the House upon the 2d Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House v as also moved, That the Order, made upon the 25th Day of March last, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling " down the Church of Saint Jamas, at Clerkenwell, in 04

" the County of Middlesex, and for building a new " Church, and making a new Church Yard, or M Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient " Avenues and Passages thereto," is committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwar'ing, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act witafc for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wilson, E*tatefctt Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for rea<J-settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Inhabitants of Petition the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the aga*1 County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Rood from New in the Parish of Saint John, Southw, to and through

the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, and also for making and keeping in Repair other Roads adjacent thereto; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners find themselves much aggrieved by the above-recited Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such of the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty contained, which any way relate to, or concern, the Petitioners, being continued in Force, and exercised and executed after the Expiration of the Term by the said Act granted, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Corn Rem* Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Coin- lat*nD mittee of the whole Honse upon that Day Sevennight, upon the Bill for regulating the Importation and Ex- Committee, portation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bramston, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet

this

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and Otherwise improving the Streets, and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Right honourable William Lord Craven, who petitioned this

House upon the 29th Day of March last, praying to be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time, declined being heard by his Counsel upon the Third Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out " also," and insert

" if some Provision was made" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 13. To leave out from " Act" to " and, " in Line 14.

Pr. 7. L 28. To leave out " Collectors of the " Tolls," and insert " Surveyor " or" instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 8. To leave Out " and Collector."

1. 9. To leave out " their respective Of-

" fices," and insert " his Offree" instead thereof.

1. *4. Pr. 11. I. 8. Pr. 22. L 20.

.* 1, 36.

Pr. 3». 1. 35.

Pr. 40. 1. 12.

L 15.] and}

16.J

I. 17.

1- 35-Pr. 66. 1. 25.

1. 32. Pr. 67. 1. 33.

1. 36-

Pr. 68. 1. 27. Pr. 69. L 37.

Pr. 70. 1. 20. Pr. 71. 1. 2.

1. 5. Pr. 72. 1. 12. Pr. 73. 1. 13.

1. 19.

Pr. 74. 1. n. Pr. 781 1. 27.

Pr. 80. 1. 2.

Vo L. 45.

To leave out from " all" to the" in Line 26.

To leave out from " Months" to " And" in Line 22.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to projecting'" in line 33.

To leave out u other."

To leave out from " Act" to the firtt " and" in Pr. 39. 1. 19.

To leave out tfor taken."

To leave out " or taken."

To leave out " such," and insert " the " instead thereof.

To leave out from " Highways" to " And " in Pr. 44. 1. 6.

To leave out from " Act" to " And" in Pr. 67. 1. 23.

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out " or any of them."

To leave out from Rates" to " to" in Line 38.

To leave out "and Tolls."

To leave out from " Year" to and" in Pr. 70. 1. 1.

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out from " paid" to " out " in Line 4.

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out from " Annuity" to " And " in Pr. 74. 1. 2.

To leave out " and Tolls."

To leave out from " thereby" to the End of 1. 12. in Pr. 79.

To leave out from " proper* to " And " in Pr. 81. 1. 20.

Pr. 83. 1. 21. To leave out from " same" to the End of the Schedule.

And the said Amendments frere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting^ and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing. Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

Ordered, That the Lord Eardtey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Courlown reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message, acquainting this House of the Circumstances relative to the Capture of British Vessels on the North Western Coast of America, and to the Conduct of the Court of Spain on that Occasion, which have induced His Majesty to give Orders for making such Preparations as may put it in His Majesty’s Power to aet with Vigour and Effect in Support of the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and of the Interests of His People) had been presonted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that His Majesty received, with great Satisfaction, the unanimous Assurances of their Support, which must tend to produce the most salutary Consequences in the present Conjuncture.

Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Selby, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and William Commyns, Esquire, oh Behalf of themselves and of Patrick Esquire, William

Carr, Esquire, tad Henrietta his Wife, Barbara White, Widow of Nicholas White, Esquire, deceased, Charlotte Strickland, Spinster, and Sir John Lawson, Baronet^ which said Catherine Selby, William Commyns, Patrick Power, Henrietta Carr, Barbara White, and lip

Strickland, are the Heirs at Law of Sir Roger Strickland, late of Cattorick, in the County of York, Baronet,

deceased, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Plage; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloiveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Probate of the Will of Mary Brathwaite, dated February 1680, was produced to your Committee, by which it appeared, That 9he devised certain Estates in Catterick, in the County of York, to her Nephew, Sir Roger Strickland, Baronet, and his Heirs Male, and irt Default of such Issue, to his Brother Robert Strickland, for Life, and then to his Heirs in Tail Male, with the ultimate Remainder to the said Sir Roger in Fee.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the said Sir Roger Strickland was attainted of High Treason in the Year 16.89, an^ thereby forfeited to the Crown all the Estates of which he was then seised in Possession or Reversion, which were accordingly seized and held until his Death, which happened in the Year 1717, without his leaving any Issue — That his Brother Robert Strickland died before him, leaving Three Sons, Roger, Mannock, and francis — That by the Settlement made on the Marriage of Roger Strickland, the eldest of the said Three Sons, dated 19th March 1725, it appeared that he had been let into Possession of the' said Estates by Reason that the Forfeiture thereof was, by the Death of the said Sir Roger Strickland without Issue, suspended, as long as there should be Issue Male of the said Robert Strickland existing — That in Consequence of Failure of Issue Male, and by virtue of

divers

Answer to Address oh King's Message.

Mr. Selby's Petition reported.

7° Mail

A. 1790.

divers Conveyances, Assurances, and Acts in Law, Thomas Selby and Catherine his Wife, in Right of the said Catherine, William Commyns, Patrick William

Carr and Henrietta his Wife, in Right of the said Henrietta, Barbara White, the Widow of and Charlotte Strickland, became entitled to, and are now in the actual Possession of the said Estates, as Tenants in Common, except a small Part which hath been purchased by Sir Henry , Baronet. —

And,

William Sheldon, Esquire, being examined, said, That Doubts have arisen whether the Reversion in the said Estates, which, by virtue of the Attainder, became vested in the Crown, has ever been barred, by Reason whereof no Person may chuse to become a Purchaser of the said Estates at a full and valuable Consideration; and that the Title to that Part purchased by Sir Henry Lawson, Father to Sir John Lawson, is of course precarious.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Hitchin An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow-

Koad Bill erg of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the j>atse . Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 21. At the End of the Line to add "so " as to hold both the said Offices " at the same Time."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House adjourns to Monday.

' Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

King’s Mes- Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message sage referred of Wednesday last be referred to the Consideration of of Supp?lWee Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re<-ppy* ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply de- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House irred. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-vif|Wl?rick" tu'ed> An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Bill agreed* ant* Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste to Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbriekhill and Hamlet

of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 34. After otherwise" insert " Provided always, That no such " Exchange or Exchanges shall be made by the said Rector " of Bowbriekhill, or Vicar of " Lathbury, without the Consent "of the Bishop of Lincoln for the " Time being, given under his " Hand and Seal."

Pr. 41. 1. 26. Leave out " or his," and insert and the said Vicar of,

" or their;" and after " Successors" insert " respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving CountyElec-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, t'ons d to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed ferre in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Lottery Bill Money, to be- raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Distillery House, upon the Bill to continue TwcPActs, made in "l the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of- the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to.receive the same.

Ordered,

SO Geo. Ill- V® — Its*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Meaus de- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, trre to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ^Anst the w ^b House, to consider further of the Petition of the Spirit Id- several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, cenceAct; Dealers by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, and Householders, residing in the City and Liberty of sler, and Parts adjacent, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord John Tawnshend took the Chair of the Com-hiittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord John Tawnshend reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Lord John Tawnshend accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties upon " Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail " in Spirituous Liquors."

And Lord John Taumshend moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties upon " Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by " Retail in Spirituous LiquorsAnd that Lord John Townshend and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned ( till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock*.

Luna, 10°

Anno 30° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

Petition from Tl/TR. Mainwaring reported from the Committee,

the Inhabit- IVJ. to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants within urnville re-" District of Saint James, in the Parish of Saint ported. James, Clerkenwell, in the County of now

called Pentonville, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule J, " An Act for pulling " down the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwell, in Vol. 45.

Mnii. 453

" the County of Middlesex, and for building a new " Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery " in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and " Passages thereto," was read: And,

Mr. Aaron Henry Hurst being examined, informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act had caused the old Church to be taken down, and had begun to erect a new Church; that they had already laid out the "Sum of 8,000l. in carrying on the Work, and that a very considerable Sum more must be raised to complete the said Church, and other Works, and that a great Proportion thereof will be paid by the Inhabitants of Pentonville, although many of them will receive very little Benefit from building the said Church, owing to the great Distance of their Places of Residence from the Church. — And he added, That a commodious Chapel hath been built within the said District by private Persons, which may be purchased for the Use of the Inhabitants for a much less Sum than it would cost to build a new Chapel equally large and commodious. — And the Witness informed your Committee, That Henry Esquire,

who is Owner of a considerable Estate in Pentonville, hath offered to give an Acre of Ground to be applied to such Purpose as shall be thought most beneficial to the Parish, in case the Inhabitants shall be authorized to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to purchase the said Chapel.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for pulling down " the Church of Saint James, at Clerkemoell, in the " County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, " and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the " said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages " thereto," is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for providing a Chapel for the Use of the Inhabitants of the District of Penion* ville, in the said Parish.

A Bill for conveying and applying the Estates and Monies belonging to the Trustees of Eish

Market to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and for repealing certain Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Fish Market, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Selby, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and William Commyns, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and of Patrick Power, Esquire, William Carr, Esquire, and Henrietta his Wife, Barbara White, W idow of Nicholas Esquire, deceased, Charlotte Strickland, Spinster, and Sir John Lawson, Baronet, which said Catherine , William Commyns, Patrick Patter, Henrietta Carr, Barbara White, and Charlotte Strickland, are the Heirs at Law of Sir Roger Strickland, late of Catterick, in the County of York, Baronet, deceased, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That

5Z ‘ lie

Westminster Fish Market Bill committed*

Committee on Report of Mr. Selby's, &c. Petition

reported.

Bill ordered.

Westminster Taving Bill presented.

Petition a^Ainst Southwark Roads Bill.

10° Man.

A. 1790.

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Pole CarAo accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Sir ick kind, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the aaid Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

And Mr. Pole Carew moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors: And that Mr. Pole Carpet) and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets, therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Committees, to be Annually chosen by the Parish or Precinct wherein such Streets are situate, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Merchants, Traders, and others, carrying on Trades and Businesses at or near Dock Head, in the County of Surrey, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, at and near the said Place, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, and also for making and keeping in Repair other Roads adjacent thereto; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Powers and Provisions, which, if passed into a Law, would materially affect and prejudice the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass as it now stanCs, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts thereof as may affect them, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in King's Bench His Majesty’s Prison of the King’s Bench, in Behalf Debtors Pe-of themselves, and others, in the different Gaols of tu,on-this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and

read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for changing the Sentence now required by Law to be passed changing the on Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting w^'ln*0

id . _ . rail ry n .© W Omen OI>

another Sentence in Lieu thereof: And that SwBenjamm dered. Hemmett, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Jekyllt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Earl of Courlawn reported the House, That Answer to their Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Intelligence received by His Majesty’s Ministers concerning the Capture of the Ships mentioned in His Majesty’s most Gracious Message, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, that He would give Directions, that the Memorial delivered to His Majesty’s Secretary of State respecting the Vessels captured at Nootka, together with the Papers referred to in the said Memorial, should be laid before the House.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, DurhamPav. watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and inS Blil public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham passed* and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the stud Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Statement of the Claims exa- statement of mined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners ap- American pointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the Claims re-American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, ferrec*‘ and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration

10° — 11° Mail

Statement of American Claims referred.

Distillery Bill reported.

Committee on Lottery

Bill.

ration of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the stud Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 2=;thos March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itsell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Statement.

Air. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in ueu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Oader of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vox.. 45.

455

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Instruction to to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Committee Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty ^"gujation on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on Bri- Bill. tish Corn exported, is committed, That they have Power to extend the Provisions now made in the said Bill, for importing Com and Grain from Ireland and Quebec, to Corn and Grain imported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to 00 African continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, s,ave made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the 1 st Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping " and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the " Coast of Africa."

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from County Elec, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tionsre-com-to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth mitted Bill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the rer>orte Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was again re-committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwanls delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day- being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means dewhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for f*rred* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

Anno30* Georgii III*M Regis, 1790.

Pbayehs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Wikon’s Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Esuue Bill Richard Wilson, Esquire, deceased, in the County of com,nitted* York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Glasgow Police Bill put off for 3 Mouths.

Slave Trade deferred.

Committee oq African Slave Bill.

reported.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

11" Mali.

A. 1790.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hairy Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, kc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the said City; and for

O certain Power to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for enefit of the said City;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, " for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying " Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolbai reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Oi'dtred, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members

there, if an'*, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, were called oyer; and they went to the Places in IV minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by , their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grevillereported from the Committee, to whom sir William

the Petition of Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the Hamilton’* most Honourable Order of the Bath, His Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary, resident at the Court of Naples', rei,or was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ’ffed afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Hamilton, Esquire, being examined, said, That Sir William Hamilton is possessed of an Estate adjoining to Milford Haven, called Castle Pill and Priory Pill, in the Manor or Manors of Hubberstone and Pill, in the County of Pembroke.

Mr. William Davies, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hamilton; and added, That he collects a certain Duty called Keelage for every Vessel that enters the Creeks — That the Creeks are capable of being much improved, and want it principally on account of the Packets established between Milford and Waterford, which has brought with it an Establishment of Post Officers and Custom House Officers; and it is apprehended, that if proper Accommodations and Conveniences were provided, and the Creeks improved, and a Market established, a great Number of Persons would be induced to settle, and a considerable Trade might be carried on therefrom — That it will be necessary to erect Quays, Piers, Docks, and other Buildings, for landing and clearing Goods and Merchanize, and to make Roads of Communication with the said Pills, and such Houses and other Buildings as may be erected within the Neighbourhood thereof. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That if the Improvements, above-mentioned should take Place, it will not only considerably benefit the Estate of Sir William Hamilton, but all the others in the Neighbourhood — That it will afford Accommodation for Persons passing to and from Ireland, promote and assist the present Establishment of Packets, and be of great public Utility.

John Francis Meyrick, Esquire, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Situation of the" above Estate, and of the adjacent Country; and confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect to the particular and general Utility of the intended Improvements.

Ordered, That Leave be. given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, his lleirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections, and to establish a Market with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the 02 Manor

Alfreton

Roads bill passed.

Second Report of Examination of Witnesses respecting the Slave Trade.

The Lords have agreed to

Stourport and Worcester Navigation Bill.

Clayworth

Inclosure Bill.

Lutterworth

Inclosure Bill.

Manor or Lordship of Hubber and in the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Greville and Mr. John Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Afreton, in the County of through Carter

Lane, to a certain Place, in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through

the Town of Sutton in Ashfeld, to the Mansfeld and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfeld, to the Mansfeld and Newark Turnpike, at or near Pytkon Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Stanley reported from the Select Committee, appointed to take the Examination of the several Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Navigation to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from Stourpoi't, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near the City of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham",without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 45.

Man. 457

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname have passed and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vest- &e ’ ing certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tawrie's settling and securing the Lands of - Estate Bill.

lands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistrfess Margaret Lawrie, of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Laurie, Esquire, of,

and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid. Mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Mcol and Cairn, and others, in the County of Wigton; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Tempter's for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Estate Bill. Templer, in the County of Kent] for another Estate of

freater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in ieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estcourt’s vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Thomas Estate Bill.

Estcourt, Esquire, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. IIastings’ House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial.

Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Longlands, Accounts re-Agent for the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, attended at specting the the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented KoyalBurghs to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 2id Day p'le^ed. of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

Several other Accounts respecting the Royal Burghs in Scotland; viz.

Cullen — 1st, Account of the Gross Revenue of the Burgh, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

2d, Account of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

3d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors* for Ten Years preceding 1789.

4th, Account of Lands alienated by the Burgh since the Union.

Kirkwall — 1st, Account of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

3d, Account of the Revenue of the Burgh, for 1788.

Jedburgh — 1st, Account of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, for Eight Years preceding 1789.

2d, Account of Salaries paid to Collectors, for Ten Years preceding 1789.

6 A 3d, Account

Account respecting Southern Whale Fishery, ordered.

Bill for farming Duties on Post Horses, passed.

Keport

Supply.

Vote of Credit.

Relief toPro-prietors of Lands in Georgia.

11"Mail A. 1790.

3d, Account of the Revenue of the Burgh, for 1788.

4th, Account of Lands alienated by the Burgh since the Union.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, which have entered from the Southern Whale Fishery, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789, with the Quantity and Value of the Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, imported therein, and the Amount of the Bounties paid on the said Fishery; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that on Wednesday last, after the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to make perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by " an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as n should be willing to contract for the same," an in-crossed Clause was offered to be added thereto, by Way of Ryder, requiring the Farmers of the Tax to deliver in upon Oath, every Year, an Account of their Gross Receipts; and that upon a Division of the House, on the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; whereupon the House was adjourned.

Then the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the " Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the " Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on

Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by " Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take such Measures, and to make such Augmentations of His Forces by Sea and Land, as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Five hundred Fifty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to' give Relief to certain Merchants, and other Persons, interested in

Lands within the late Province of Georgia, which were Ceded to His Majesty by the Cherokee and Creek Indians, on the 1st Day of June 1773, for the Purpose of discharging the Debts due from those Nations to certain British Traders, which Lands, by virtue of the Treaty of Peace, were ceded to the United States of America.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^m^ricau to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined, claims."^ and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Statement of the Claims exa- Statements of mined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire American into the Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Loyal *1^ claims'*" Subjects, either by furnishing Provisions, or other referred, necessary Articles, for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy or Army in America during the late War, or by having their Property used, seized, or destroyed for carrying on the Public Service there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, up to the 11 th Day of June 1789, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Statement.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is King’s Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the un- sent to Hut-inclosed Fields, Arable Lands, Ings, Commons, and j""josuusree Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Bill. Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, which Bill was, upon the 30th Day of April last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit

Resolved, That this House, taking into Consideration Resolutions the Interruptions occasioned by the Occupations of the Judges and of the House of Lords, as also other i„gs’sTrial. Impediments which have occurred, or may occur, in 02 the

30 Geo . III.

11° — 12°

459

the Course of the Trial upon the Impeachment of in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his

Warren Hastings, Esquire, doth, without meaning to abandon the Truth or Importance of the Charges, authorize the Managers of their said Impeachment to insist only upon such and so many of the said Charges as shall appear to them the most conducive to the obtaining speedy and effectual Justice against the said Warren Hastings.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, and Ji ills, in Trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and That the Commons of Great Britiari, in Parliament for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in assembled, from a Regard to their own Honour, and other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for from the Duty which they owe to all the Commons of applying the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances, Great Britain, in whose Name, as well as their own, was read the First Time.

Heirs, and Successors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estcourt* Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of ®" Thomas Esicourt, Esquire, in the Counties of Gloucester

they act in the Public Prosecutions by them carried on before the House of Lords, are hound to persevere in their Impeachment against Wan-en Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, until Judgment may be obtained upon important Articles in the same;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellm for the Yeas,{ Mr'

The Lord,

Mr. Anstruther:

S’\ Mr. Pole So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Noes,

48.

3G

Persons to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Bill to empower

Justices,

&c. to visit

Workhouses,

deferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Woolrich do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baillie do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Ninian do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Rees do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Sauverin do also attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom Hutton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the uninclosed Bushellln-Fields, Arable Lands, Ings, Commons, and Waste closure Bill Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton rep°r e ’ Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding a Commissioner to the Two named in the Bill (except the Proprietors of 2 Messuages having Right of Common, and 7 Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of One Oxgang of Land, who is at Sea; and that the whole Number of Messuages and Cottages having Right of Common is 65, and the whole Number of Oxgangs amounts to 107; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Lottery Bill deferred.

House, upon the Bill to empower Justices, and other were> wJ*h an Amendment to One of them, agreed to Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, by the House. and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor to the Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Se1by’s,&c. Estate Bill presented.

Mercurii, 12* die Me/ii;

Anno 30* Georgii Iir" Regis, 1790,

Prayers.

MR. Baring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited Vol. 45.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting His Majesty, and His Lessee, from any Expences of carrying the Act into Execution.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for reserving certain Rights of the Lessee of the Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lawrie’s for settling and securing the Lands of Quintinespie, EsUle Bl Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret Lawrie, of Redcastle, Widow of the

deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of , and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by

Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Redcastle, and for vesting in

the aforesaid Mistress Margaret Laxvrie, and her Heirs and

read.

'460

12° Man.

A. 1790.

and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the County of JVigton, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second Time.

Hackney Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

Church Bill whom the Bill for taking down the Church and Tcporte . Tower belonging to the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Church Yard, belonging thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Benyon, Esquire, and the Reverend Peter Beauvoir (Rector of the Parish of Saint John, Hackney, in the County of Middlesex) Lords of the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory, of Hackney aforesaid, as Trustees and Devisees in Fee under the Will of Francis John Tyssen, Esquire, deceased, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates, and principal Inhabitants, within the said Parish; and also, the Petition of Richard Benyon, Esquire, and the Reverend Peter Beauvoir (Rector of the Parish of Saint John, Hackney, in the County of Middlesex) Lords of the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory, of Hackney aforesaid, as Trustees and Devisees in Fee under the Will of Francis John Tyssen, Esquire, deceased, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates, and principal Inhabitants, within the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for Sir Benjamin Hammet presented to the House,

changing according to Order, a Bill for changing the Sentence Women* °n- now re(lu*red by Law to be passed on Women consented. Pr* victed of certain Crimes, and substituting another Sentence in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Tempier’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate Bill for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John reed. Tempter, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-th'P^h8 spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great WhaleFish- Britain, attended at the Door; he was called inj and, ery,presented, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, which have entered from the Southern Whale Fishery in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789, with the Quantity and Value of the Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, imported therein, and the Amount of the Bounties paid on the said Fishery; distinguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts, made In Distillery the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Bill pasted. Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, ‘ for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies-, and for amending the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolve itself into Committeeof a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Ways and of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for regulating the Election of Members to Scotch Elec-serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain ‘ion Bill called Scotland, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

12° M

461

Bill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders, ordered.

Petition against the Com Regulation Bill.

Ditto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Phelips, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council of the City of was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several of the Clauses of a Bill, lately brought into the House, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, must, if passed into a Law, greatly injure the said City, and the Commercial and Manufacturing Counties connected with it, as well as establish a Precedent of the most dangerous Tendency to that Part of the United Kingdom: That more particularly the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, Chap. 43, in so far as it regulated the Importation and Exportation by the Prices in each County separately, proved a great Alleviation of the distressing Restraints imposed on that Country by former Com Laws, and One great Cause of the Establishment and rapid Improvement of their Manufactures; but the present Bill, so far as it goes to regulate the Importation and Expoi> tation by an Average of the Prices of a District, comprehending not only the Frith of Clyde, but also the greatest Part of the West Coast of* must

counteract the former Regulation, from which the most beneficial Effects have been experienced, while, at the same Time, Agriculture has in every Respect kept Pace with the general Prosperity of the Country, and the Petitioners cannot help having the most serious Apprehensions of the Consequences to the Manufactures, the Population, and the Peace and Quiet, of that very industrious Part of the Country, which must at all Times depend upon Importation for a considerable Part of their Subsistence; and that, while the Petitioners acknowledge the Propriety of subjecting all to one

and the same Law, they beg that the Extent of the District in which they are to be classed may be as much confined as possible, and they must object to the proposed separate Regulation of Oat-meal in Scotland, by which, while that Article may be imported into England whenever Oats are at or above Sixteen Shillings Sterling per Quarter, they are to be restrained from importing it till the Price of Meal exceeds Sixteen Shillings Sterling per Boll, which is equal to upwards of Nineteen Shillings per Quarter of Oats, and this proposed Regulation they thus object to, as being not only an Infringement of their Rights, as British Subjects, entitled to the Participation of equal Laws with their Fellow Subjects of England, but as a Precedent of the most dangerous Tendency to the Commerce, the Manufactures, and the Liberties, of the Country: And therefore praying the House to hear them, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of this Petition, and to afford such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Directors of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures established by Royal Charter in the City of Glasgow, and representing the Trading Interest of the West of Scotland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, anxious for the Prosperity of that Part of the Country in which they reside, and solicitous for the Subsistence of its numerous Labourers and Manufacturers, cannot help being alarmed at certain Regulations proposed to be adopted into the Corn Laws, which will not only, in a very great Degree, affect the Prosperity of that Country, but which threatens the Destruction of the very extensive Manutactures established among them: That the District of the Country in which the Petitioners reside is one of the most populous and industrious in Scotland, Von. 45.

and the Manufactures thereto established have, within these few Years, increased in a high Degree, and they hope, from the' Perseverance and Assiduity of its Inhabitants, will increase ‘still further, and though the Agriculture of the Country is greatly improved, yet the Quantity of Com which is raised is so far from being sufficient for the Subsistence of its increasing Inhabitants, that they are always obliged to depend upon Importation from other Quarters; and that the Petitioners were rejoiced to find that it was proposed to make the Regulations of the Corn Trade the same over the Whole of Britain, they were convinced of the Propriety of general Laws and general Regulations for the whole Empire, and they trusted that the illiberal Distinctions in those Laws, which had so long operated to the Disadvantage of that Country, would now be at an End, they were therefore astonished to find that it was proposed not only to keep up these Distinctions, but, by the Alteration of Part of those Laws by which they are at present governed, to make the Situation of, that Country worse than it was before; and that the Grievance-which the Petitioners complain of is the very great Distinction made between their Country and England, that--though Oat-meal is allowed to be imported into England, at a Duty of Two Pence per Hundred Weight, when the Price of Oats is as high as Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, yet, by the proposed Regulations, it cannot be imported into Scotland at the same Duty, until the Price of Meal he Sixteen Shillings per Boll, which is equal to more than Nineteen Shillings per Quarter of Oats; a Distinction of such a Nature, and whereby such a Discrimination is made between one Part of the Country and another, that they trust, it is only necessary to state it to the House, to have it rectified; and that although the present Laws, which have been often and justly complained of, establish this Difference, yet, from the Average of Price for Importation being taken in each County separately, Part of the Hardship was alleviated, but the Petitioners see, with Regret, that while particular Attention has been paid to the local Situation of England, by dividing its Maritime Counties in such a Manner as that sometimes only Two, and, in One Instance, a single County, composes a District by itself, yet that a different System is intended for their Country, as it is proposed to throw the Whole of Scotland into Three Divisions, a Measure which, by uniting that Part of the Country with others less populous or more fertile, will involve its Inhabitants in Distress, and tend to the Ruin of its Manufactures, by preventing the Importation of Grain until it arrives at a Price totally incompatible with their Situation; and that the Petitioners glory in calling themselves British Subjects, and as such depend on an equal Legislation, -but, while they retain that Name, they firmly expect that they shall participate in the Advantages of every Regulation which Parliament shall judge proper for the Welfare of the Empire, and that they shall suffer no Restrictions which the other Parts of the Kingdom are freed from, and therefore rely with Confidence on the Justice of Parliament to prevent such an unequal and -oppressive Distinction, which threatens Ruin to the numerous Manufactures of the said District, and which may, if persisted in, reduce Thousands of its Inhabitants to Distress and Despair: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters under their Consideration, to hear the Petitioners, by themselves, or Counsel, in Support of their Claims, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating . the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign . Com imported, and of the Bounty on

6 B . British

12° Man.

A. 1790

m

British Com exported, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American loyalists, up to the 2.5th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted, on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions .-in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, in the Classes N# t. 2. 3. 5. 6. 7. and 9. contained in a Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the . American Loyalists, with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, up to the 31st Day of March 1790, shall receive the full Amount of such Losses, as far as the same do not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and shall also receive, where the Amount of such Losses shall he above Ten thousand Pounds in the Whole, and not above Thirty-five thousand Pounds, Ninety per Cent, of such Part of the said Losses as shall exceed Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for satisfying the Claims of the several Persons who have suffered Losses, either by furnishing Provisions, or other necessary Articles, for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy or Army in America, during the date War, or by having their Property used, seized, or destroyed, for carrying on the Public Service there, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Sixty-six thousand One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for satisfying the Claims of the several Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, amounting to the Sum of Twenty-four thousand and Five Pounds Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowances be made to such Persons as have suffered during the late uuhappy Dissentions in in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, whose Losses of income, arising from Offices or Professions, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners (and who are not already adequately provided for) in the Proportion of Fifty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Income above Four hundred pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Three first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. ',

Mr. Chancellor ,of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, ;the Earl ,of Morrdngion, the Lord the Lord Apsky, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

06

General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address lor His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to Pensions to give Directions, that Pensions be allowed to such Persons as have suffered during the late unhappy Dissen- Loyalist*, tions in America,- in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, whose Losses of Income, arising from Offices or Professions, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists (and who are not already adequately provided for) in the Proportion of Fifty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Income above Four hundred Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s jnost Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an bumble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give the P°"V Directions, that there be laid before this House, an tie

Account of the Communication made by the Ambas- Spanish sador of his Catholic Majesty by Order of his Court, Ambassador, and referred to in His Majesty’s most Gracious Mes- NeS* sage of the 5th Instant, and the Date of the said Communication;

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message to this House might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of Thursday last, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty for the Intelligence received by His Majesty’s Ministers concerning the Capture of the Ships mentioned in His Majesty’s most Gracious Message, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Communication made by the Ambassador of His Catholic Majesty by Order of his Court, and referred to in His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 5th Instant, and the Date of the said Communication;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

’ Sir James Erskine St.'

Clair,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

’Mr. Pole Carew,

Mr. Rose:

So it passed in the Negative.

121.

213.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Address for that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, o" that there be laid before this House, the Date of the tore of the first Information received by His Majesty’s)Ministers Vessels by of the Capture of any Vessel or Vessels mentioned in Spam-, His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 5th Instant; eg*

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

" Ye-. } „9.

Teller, for the Noes, (Mo* } 203.

So it passed in the Negative.

The

463

Jamaica, &c* Free Ports Act to be considered.

Importation of Rape Seed, kc. to be considered.

Petition against the African Slave Bill.

Lottery Bill deferred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah " la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, " under certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation, from any of the Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North ,of Rape

Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil* and of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, from Ireland, for the Purpose of Manure.

A Petition of John Dawson, Thomas Seaman, James Gregson, and Peter William Merchants and

Ship Owners, on Behalf of themselves and all other Merchants trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, " for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to the said Trade in general: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in such Manner as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo I. 45.

Jovis, 13* die ,‘

Anno 30° Georgii III" Regis, 17901

jpRATERS.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Scotch Elec* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the tion Bill de* whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Election terred* of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to Intelligence their Address to His Majesty, respecting

N# x. Copy of the Memorial of Mr. John Shears; S,ap|Vre,at , inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of his Letter to Captain Colnett;

dated 17th April 1789.

N° 3. Extracts of his Letter to Captain Colnett', dated Macao, 25th April 1789.

N° 4. Obligations to restore the Ship Iphigertla to his Catholic Majesty, if deemed a lawful Prize.

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Shears to Captain William Douglas, commanding the Iphigenia; dated at Sea, 2d February 1788.,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Mr. to

Mr. Robert Funter, Second Officer of the Felice, commanding the America-, dated Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, 1 oth September 1788.

N° 7. Information of William Graham.

N° 8. T. Hudson's Receipt for 203 Sea Otter’s Skins.

N° 9. Certificate of 96 Skins being shipped on Board the Columbia.

N° 10. Deposition of the Officers and Men of the Schooner North West America.

N° 11. John Kendrick’s Receipt for Provisions,

&c. on Board the Ship Columbia.

N° 12. Extract of the Journal of the Iphigenia.

N° 13. Copies of Letters from Mr. Duffin to Mr. Shears.

N° 14. Statement of the actual , and probable Losses sustained by the associated Merchants of London and India by the Capture of their Ships.

N° 15. Inventory of the Golcta, the Property of Don Juan Cawallo and Company, of Macao.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Papers are as followeth;

N® 1.

Mr. Shears's Memorial, dated 30th April 1790.

(14 Inclosu.)

To the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

The Memorial of John Shears, Lieutenant in His Majesty’s Navy;

Most humbly sheweth,

That early in the Year 1786, certain Merchants residing in the East Indies, and under the immediate Protection of the Company, desirous of opening a Trade with the North West Coast of America, for supplying the Chinese Market with Furs and Ginseng,

communicated

13° Man.

464

A. 1790.

Intelligence communicated such Design to Sir respecting Governor General of India, who not only approved

NootkaT8t of the Plan, but joined in the Subscription for its '---. ----- - Execution; and Two Vessels were accordingly purchased, and placed under the Orders and Command of your Memorialist.

That in the Month of March, your Memorialist dispatched One of the said Vessels, which he named The Sea Otter, under the Command of Mr. Tipping, to Prince Williams Sound, and followed her in the other Ship, which he named The Nootka.

That on your Memorialist's Arrival in Prince William's Sound, in the Month of September, he found the Sea Otter had left that Place a few Days before; and, from Intelligence he has since received, that Ship was soon after unfortunately lost off the Coast of Kamschalka.

That your Memorialist remained in ’ Sound the whole of the Winter, in the Course of which

Time he opened an extensive Trade with the Natives, and having collected a Cargo of Furs, he proceeded to China, in the Autumn of 1787.

That in the Month of January 1788, your Memorialist having disposed of the Nootka, he, in conjunction vtith several British Merchants residing in India, purchased and fitted out Two other Vessels, named The Felice and Iphigenia;the former your Memorialist commanded, and the latter he put under the Direction of Mr. William Douglas. That your Memorialist proceeded from China to the Port of Nootka, or King George's Sound, which he reached in the Month of May, and the Iphigenia arrived in Cook's River in the Month of June.

That your Memorialist, immediately on his Arrival in Nootka Sound, purchased from Maqmlla, the Chief of the District contiguous to and surrounding that -Place, a Spot of Ground, whereon he built a House for his occasional Residence, as well as for the more convenient Pursuit of his Trade with the Natives, and hoisted the British Colours thereon; that he also erected a Breast Work, which surrounded the House, and mounted One Three-pounder in the Front; that having so done, your Memorialist proceeded to trade on the Coast, the Felice taking her Route to the Southward, and the Iphigenia to the Northward, confining themselves within the Limits of 6o° and 45* 30' North, and returned to Nootka Sound in the Month of September; that on your Memorialist’s Arrival there,-his People, whom he had left behind, had nearly completed a Vessel, which previous to his Departure he had laid down; and that the said Vessel was soon after launched by your Memorialist, and called The North West America, measuring about 40 Tons, and was equipped with all Expedition to assist him in his Enterprizes.

That during the Absence of your Memorialist from Nootka Sound, he obtained from Wickananish, the Chief of the District surrounding Port Cox and Port Effingham, situated in the Latitudes 48* and 49°, in consequence of considerable Presents, the Promise of a free and exclusive Trade with the Natives of the District, and also his Permission to build any Storehouses or other Edifices, which he might jq^ge necessary; that he also acquired the same Privilege of exclusive Trade from Tatouche, the Chief of the Country bordering on the Straits of Juan de Fuca, and purchased from him a Tract of Land within the said Strait, which One of your Memorialist’s Officers took Possession of in the King's Name, calling the same Tatouche, in Honour of the Chief.

That the Iphigenia, in her Progress to the Southward, also visited several Ports, and in consequence of Presents to the Chiefs of the Country, her Commander had Assurances given to him of not only a free Access but of an exclusive Trade upon that Coast, no other European Vessel having been there before her.

That your Memorialist, on the 23d of September, having collected a Cargo of Furs, proceeded in the Felice to China, leaving the Iphigenia and the North West America in Nootka Sound, with Orders to winter at the Sandwich Islands, and to return to the Coast in the Spring. That your Memorialist arrived in China early in the Month of December, where he sold his Cargo, and also the Ship F.

That a few Days after your Memorialist’s Arrival m China, the Ships Prince of Wales and Princess Royal, fitted out from the Port of London by Messrs. John and Cadman Etches and Co. came to Canton from a trading Voyage on the North West Coast of America-, and your Memorialist finding that they had embarked in this Commerce under Licences granted to them by the East India and South Sea Companies, which would not expire until the Year 1790, and apprehending at the same Time that the Trade would suffer by a Competition, he and his Partners associated themselves with the said Messrs. Etches and Co. and a formal Agreement was executed in consequence between your Memorialist and Mr. John Etches, then Supra Cargo of the Two Ships, making a joint Stock of all the Vessels and Property employed in that Trade; and under that Firm they purchased a Ship, which had been built at Calcutta, and called her The Argonaut.

That the Prince of Wale? having been chartered to load Teas for the East India Company, soon after returned to England, and the Princess Royal and Argonaut were ordered by your Memorialist to sail for the Coast of America, under the Command of Mr. James Colnett, to whom the Charge of all the Concerns of the Company on that Coast had been committed.

Mr. Colnett was directed to fix his Residence at Nootka Sound, and, with that View, to erect a substantial House on the Spot which your Memorialist had purchased in the preceding Year, as will appear by a Copy of his Instructions hereunto annexed.

That the Princess Royal and Argonaut, loaded with Stores and Provisions of all Descriptions, with Articles estimated to be sufficient for the Trade for Three Years, and a Vessel on Board in Frame, of about 30 Tons Burthen, left China accordingly in the Months of April and May 1789. They had also on Board, in Addition to their Crews, several Artificers of different Professions, and near 70 Chinese, who intended to become Settlers on the American Coast, in the Service, and under the Protection, of the Associated Company.

That on the 24th of April 1789, the Iphigenia returned to Nootka Sound, and that the North West America reached that Place a few' Days after; that they found, on their Arrival in that Port, Two American Vessels, which had wintered there, one of them was called The Columbia, the other The Washington-, that on the 29th of the same Month, the North West America was dispatched to the Northward to trade, and also to explore the Archipelago of St. Lazarus.

That on the 6th of May, the Iphigenia being then at Anchor in Nootka Sound, a Spanish Ship of War, called The Princessa, commanded by Don Estwan Joseph Martinez, mounting 26 Guns, which had sailed from the Port of San Bias, in the Province of Mexico, anchored in Nootka Sound, and was joined on the 13th by a Spanish Snow of 16 Guns, called The San Carlos, which Vessel had also sailed from the Port of San Bias, loaded with Cannon and other warlike Stores.

That from the Time of the Arrival of the Princessa until the 14th of May, mutual Civilities passed between Captain Douglas and the Spanish Officers, and even Supplies were obtained from Don Martinez for the Use of the Ship; but on that Day he (Captain Douglas') was ordered on Board the Princessa, and, to his great Surprize, was informed by Don Martinez, that he had the King’s Orders to seize all Ships and

Vessels

30 Geo. IIL 13° Man. 465

Vessels he might find upon that Coast, and that he (the Commander of the Iphigenid) was then his Prisoner; that Don Martinez thereupon instructed his Officers to take Possession of the which they

accordingly did, in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, and the Officers and Crew of that Ship were immediately conveyed as Prisoners on Board the Spanish Ships, where they were put in Irons, and were otherwise ill-treated.

That as soon as the Iphigenia had been seized, Don Martinez took Possession of the Lands belonging to your Memorialist, on which his temporary Habitation before-mentioned had been erected, hoisting thereon the Standard of Spain, and performing such Ceremonies as your Memorialist understands are usual on such Occasions, declaring at the same Time, that all the Lands comprized between Cape Horn and the 6oth Degree of North Latitude did belong to his Catholic Majesty; he then proceeded to build Batteries, Storehouses, &c. in the Execution of which he forcibly employed some of the Crew of the Iphigenia, and many of them who attempted

to resist were very severely punished.

That during the Time the Commander of the Iphigenia remained in Captivity, he had frequently been urged by Don Martinez to sign an Instrument, purporting, as he was informed (not understanding himself the Spanish Language) that Don Martinez had found him at Anchor in Nootka Sound; that he was at that Time in great

Distress; that he had furnished him with every Thing necessary for his Passage to the Islands, and

that his Navigation had in no respect been molested or interrupted; but which Paper, on Inspection of a Copy thereof, delivered to Mr. Douglas, and hereunto annexed (N* 2.) appears to be an Obligation from him and Mr. Vinania, the Second Captain, on the Part of their Ow ners, to pay on demand the Valuation of that Vessel, her Cargo, &c. in case the Vice Roy of New Spain should adjudge her to be lawful Prize, for entering the Port of Nootka without the Permission of his Catholic Majesty; that Captain Douglas, conceiving that the Port of Nootka did not belong to his Catholic Majesty, did frequently refuse to accede to this Proposal, but that Don Martinez, partly by Threats, and partly by Promises of restoring him to his Command, and of furnishing him with such Supplies of Stores and Provisions as he might stand in Need of, ultimately carried his Point; and having so done, he, on the 26th of the same Month, was restored to the Command of the Iphigenia, but restrained from proceeding to Sea, until the Return of the North West America, insisting that he should then dispose of her for 400 Dollars, the Price which One of the American Captains had set upon her.

That during the Time the Spaniards held Possession of the Iphigenia, she was stripped of all the Merchandize which had been provided for trading, as also of her Stores, Provisions, Nautical Instruments, Charts, &c. and in short every other Article (excepting 12 Bars of Iron) which they could conveniently carry away, even to the Extent of the Master’s Watch, and Articles of Clothing.

That the Commander of the Iphigenia, finding himself thus distressed applied for Relief, and after much Solicitation obtained a trifling Supply of Stores and Provisions, for which he was called upon to give Bills on his Owners. The Articles so supplied were charged at a most exorbitant Price, and very unequal in Quality or Quantity to those which had been taken from him.

That notwithstanding what had been insisted on by Don Martinez, respecting the Sale of the North W America, he had constantly refused to dispose of that Vessel on any Ground, alledging that, as she did not belong to him, he had no Right to dispose of her; that the North West America not returning so soon as was expected, lie (Captain Douglas) was told by Don Martinez,

Vol. 45.

that on his ordering that Vessel to be delivered to him Intelligence for the Use of his Catholic Majesty, he should have Liberty to depart with the Iphigenia; that he accord- a

ingly, on the First of June, w’rote a Letter to the > ‘.aster . of the North West America, but cautiously avoided any Directions to the Effect desired *, and availing himself Vide of Don Martinez's Ignorance of the English Language, Jp^aJia s he instantly sailed from Nootka Sound, though in a very our " ’ unfit Condition to proceed on such a Voyage, leaving behind him the Two American Vessels which had been suffered to continue there unmolested by the Spaniards, from the Time of their First Arrival; that the Iphigenia proceeded from thence to the Sandwich Islands, and after obtaining the re such Supplies as they were enabled to procure with the Iron before-mentioned, returned to China, and anchored there in the Month of October 1789:

Your Memorialist thinks it necessary upon this Occasion to explain, that in order to evade the excessive high Port Charges demanded by the Chinese from all other European Nations, excepting the Portuguese, that he and his Associates had obtained the Name of Cawalho to their Firm, though he had no actual Concern in their Stock; that Cawalho, though by Birth a Portuguese, had been naturalized at Bombay, and had resided there for many Years, under the Protection of the East India Company, and had carried on an extensive Trade from thence to their several Settlements in that Part of the World.

That the Intimacy subsisting between Cawalho and the Governor of Macao had been the principal Cause of their forming this nominal Connection, and that Cawalho had in consequence obtained his Permission that the'Two Ships above-mentioned, in case it should be found convenient so to do, should be allowed to navigate under, or claim any Advantages granted, to' the Portuguese Flag.

That this Permission had answered the Purpose of your Memorialist, so far as respected the Port Charges of the Chinese, until the Return of the Iphigenia; but the Portuguese Governor dying soon after her Departure, and Cawalho becoming a Bankrupt, his Creditors demanded his Interest in that Ship; that your Memorialist having resisted their Claim, an Application was made by them to the succeeding Governor for Possession of the Ship; that the Governor had, in consequence, investigated the Transaction, and finding that Cawalho had no actual Concern or Interest in the Property, obliged her to quit the Port; that this Proceeding had subjected the Iphigenia at once to the increased Port Charges, which were instantly demanded by, and paid to the Chinese.

Your Memorialist has stated this Transaction thus fully, in order to shew, that the Iphigenia and her Cargo were actually and bond side British Property, as well as to expain the Occasion of the Orders which were given to her Commander, Extracts of which accompany this, and are referred to in the Journal of that Ship, having been under the Inspection of Don Martinez.

Your Memorialist further begs Leave to state, That after the Departure of the Iphigenia, Don Martinez became apprized of the Purport of the Letter with which he had been furnished, and that on the Return of the North W1st Amei'ica, off the Port of Nootka, on the 9th of June, she was boarded and seized by Boats manned and equipped for War, commanded by Don Martinez; that he did tow and convey the said Vessel into the Sound, and anchoring her close to the Spanish Ships of War, did then take Possession of her in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, as good and lawful Prize; that the above-mentioned Vessel was soon after hauled alongside of the Spanish Frigate, and that the Officers and Men, together with the Skins which had been collected, amounting to 215, of the best Quality, and also her Stores, Tackle and Furniture, .

6 C Articles

466 13° Mail. 1790.

intelligence Articles of Trade, &c. were removed on Board the respecting Spanish Frigate; that the Commander of the North

NootkaT at WestAmerica, his Officers and Men, were accordingly

<---,..... made Prisoners, and Mr. Thomas Barnett, one of the

Officers of that Vessel, and some of her Men, were, as appears by the Affidavit of William Graham, one of the Seamen belonging to that Vessel, hereunto annexed (N® 4.) afterwards put in Irons.

That the Princess Royal arriving a few Days after the Seizure of the North West America, and being allowed by Don Martinez to depart, the Skins collected by the last mentioned Vessel (excepting 12 of the best Quality, which Don thought fit to detain)

were returned to the Master, and with the Permission of Don Martinez, were shipped on Board the Princess Royal, for the Benefit of the Owners; and that Ship, ias appears by her Journal, put -to Sea on the 2d of July, to pursue the Trade upon the Coast

That Don Martinez, after seizing the North West America in the Manner and under the Circumstances above stated, employed her on a Trading Voyage, from which she returned after an Absence of about 20 Days, with 75 Skins, obtained by British Merchandize, which had either been found in that Vessel at the Time of her Capture, or had been taken from the Iphigenia; and that the Value of the Furs so collected, cannot upon a moderate Calculation, be estimated at less than 7,500 Dollars, and which Don Martinez had applied to his own Advantage.

That the Argonaut arrived off the Port of Noot/ca on or about the 3d of July 1789. That Don Martinez, on observing her in the Offing, boarded her in his Launch, and, with Expressions of Civility, promised *Mr. Colnett, her Commander, every Assistance in his Power; that before the Argonaut entered the Sound, Mr. Thomas Barnett (who had belonged to the North West America, and who was then a Prisoner) came off in a Canoe, and informed Mr. Colnett of the Proceedings which had taken place, and of the Danger to which he was exposed; but that, under the Assurances given by Don Martinez, that the Argonaut should remain unmolested, and, being in Want of Refreshments for the Crew, Mr. Colnett proceeded into Nootka Sound.

That, notwithstanding the Assurances given by Don Martinez, he on the next Day sent the First Lieutenant of the Princessa, with a Military Force, to take Possession of the Argonaut, and that Ship was accordingly seized in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, the British Flag was hauled down, and the Spanish Flag hoisted in its Stead.

That on the Seizure of the Argonaut, her Officers and Men were made Prisoners, and Mr. Colnett was threatened to be hanged at the Yard-arm, in case of his refusing Compliance with any Directions which might be given to him.

That on the 13th of July, the Princess Royal, as is stated in her Journal, again appeared off the Port of Nootka; that her Commander approaching the Sound in his Boat, in Expectation of finding the re the Commander of the Expedition (from whom he was desirous of receiving Instructions for his future Proceedings) was seized and made Prisoner by Don Martinez, and under Threats of hanging him at the Yard-arm, forced him to send Orders to his Officers to deliver up the Princess Royal without Contest.

That a Spanish Officer was dispatched into the Offing with these Orders; and that the Vessel was accordingly seized in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, and brought into Port; that her Crew were in consequence made Prisoners; and that her Cargo, consisting of 473 Skins (including 203 which had been put on board her from the North West America, as appears by the inclosed Receipt, N® 5.) was seized.

That Mr. Colnett, from the Circumstances of his Capture, became so deranged, that he attempted fre-

questly to destroy himself; and that, according to the last Accounts received, the State of his Mind was such as to render him unfit for the Managment of any Business which might have been entrusted to his Care; that in this melancholy Situation, however, Don Martinez (notwithstanding the Vessel and Cargo had before been formally seized) attempted to procure from him the Sale of the Copper, of which a principal Part of the Cargo of the Pi'incess Royal had been composed,

and that such Sale would actually have taken place, had not the other Officers of that Vessel, seeing Colnett'% Insanity, prevented it.

Your Memorialist farther begs Leave to represent, That the American Ship Columbia, intending to proceed to China, the Crew of the North West America were ordered by Don Martinez on Board her, principally, as your Memorialist understands, for the Purpose of assisting her in her Navigation to China, the greatest Part of her own Crew, as well as of her Provisions, having been previously put on Board the,

in order that she might be enabled to continue on the Coast.

That the Columbia having reduced her Provisions considerably, from the Supplies she had spared to her Consort, was furnished from the Argonaut, by Order of Don Martinez,vi'wh what was necessary for herVoyage, said to be intended however for the Supply of the Crew of the North West America. That previous to the Departure of the Columbia, 96 Skins were also put on Board her, as appears by the Paper hereunto annexed, N® 6, to defray the Wages of the Officers and Crew of the North West America, under a Supposition that their late Employers would be unable to liquidate their Demands, first deducting, however, 30 per Cent, from the Sales, which Don Martinez had agreed should be paid for the Freight on the said Skins to the American Commanders.

That the Columbia thus supplied left Nootka Sound accordingly, and proceeded to the Southward; that a few Days after she entered Port Cox, where she was joined by her Consort the Washington, from w hom she received a considerable Number of Skins, conceived to be the Whole (excepting the 96 before-mentioned) which had been collected by the Americans and as well as by the British Traders, and with which, after sparing a further Quantity of Provisions to the Washington, the Columbia proceeded to China, where she arrived on the 2d of November, and landed the Crew of the North West America.

That the Crew of the North West America, previous to their leaving Nootka Sound in the Columbia, saw the Argonaut proceed, as a Prize, to San Bias; and that her Officers and Men, who were Europeans, were put on Board her as Prisoners; and that the Princess Royal was shortly to follow, with her Crew in Confinement, in the same Manner. The Washington, on joining the Columbia in Port Cox, gave Information that the Princess Royal had also sailed for San Bias.

That Don Martinez had thought fit, however, to detain the Chinese, and had compelled them to enter into the Service of Spain; and that on the Departure of the Columbia, they were employed in the Mines, which had then been opened on the Lands which your Memorialist had purchased.

Your Memorialist begs Leave to annex a Deposition of the Officers and Crew of the North West America, together with an Extract of the Journal of the Iphigenia, and also some Letters which he has received from Mr. Duffin, Second Officer of the Argonaut, which Papers will serve to throw considerable Lights on the several Transactions alluded to in this Memorial: He also has subjoined a Statement of the actual as well as the probable Losses which be and his Associates have sustained from the unwarrantable and unjustifiable Proceedings of Don Martinez, in open Violation of the Treaty of Peace subsisting between this

Country

30 Geo. III.

13° Mail

467

Country and the Court of , and at Times and in Situations where, according to the common Laws of Hospitality, they might have expected a different Conduct.

Your Memorialist therefore most humbly begs Leave to submit the Case of himself and his Associates to the Consideration of Government, in full Confidence that the proper and necessary Measures will be taken to obtain that Redress, which he and his Associates have, as British Subjects, a Right to expect.

London,

30th April x 790.

Your Memorialist also begs Leave to annex an Acknowledgment given by Don Martina, of his having obtained Possession of the North West America, N° 11.

J. M.

N*

(Signed) JoMears.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Shears to Captain Colnett;dated 17th 1789.

In Mr. Shears*s Manorial of 30 April 1790. (N* 1.)

Sir,

Macoa, 17 th April 1789.

Perpetrators punished; we therefore most particularly I»telligence order, that in the Course of your Command, if any e^'tuJesat Person or Persons whatever in our Employ shall Nootka. commit any Murder on the Natives of America, or on — *

others, that you seize the Offenders, and put them in Irons, and send them to the Agents in China, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment; we are here necessitated to dwell on this Subject, from the strong Reports of such atrocious Acts being committed, which are at once not only destructive of the Commerce, but of every Sentiment of Humanity; we recommend a steady Pursuance of a mild Conduct, as the only Means to Cultivate the good Will of the Natives, and draw them within the Verges of civilized Life.

We recommend to you, if possible, to forth a Treaty with the various Chiefs, particularly near Nootkia. If you happily accomplish this, you at once become possessed of the Furs of a great District with Honour and Credit, and without incurring a Stigma; and, if there is a Possibility of conquering our Competitors, we beg it may be in a Mode so honourable to ourselves as Generosity and Humanity, and also a strict Attention to our Business.

On the Strength of a Treaty we form considerable Hopes, for though at the Moment it may not be productive, yet in Time it will be found the most stable Way of accomplishing our Wishes, and gaining the Confidence of the Chiefs, who are known to manage the Commerce of their Subjects; for this Purpose we have supplied you abundantly with every Article known to be had in Estimation among them; and so anxious are we to have a good Uunderstanding,

So soon as the Argonaut is ready for Sea, you will and the perfecting a Treaty, that we authorize you to

proceed on your Voyage, and put into Execution the several Plans we have laid down, and with which you are so thoroughly acquainted; you are also so perfectly informed of the Basis they are founded on, that any Recapitulation here would be needless. We place the strongest Reliance on your Perseverance, Temper, and Prudence, and are convinced that our Hopes can only be matured but through an Exertion of those

take under your Protection all our Allies, and protect them from Insult from all Persons whatever. Our Sentiments on this Head you will make known to all Persons whom it may concern, in order that they may govern themselves accordingly.

You will keep a Diary of your Proceedings, in which every minute Occurrence is to be recorded; and you will forward this Account of your Pro-

Dispositions; we strenuously recommend a moderate ceedings, from Time to Time, by all Opportuni-Use of the Powers you are invested with, not only in ties

your Transactions with Ships of Foreign Nations, who must be treated with that good Faith and Generosity which is the Characteristic of the English Nation, and which must turn ultimately to the Honour and Credit of your Employers, but to all Ships of our own Nation, to whom we desire you to be particularly attentive in case of Distress, or any other calamitous Situation they may be thrown into; we impress on your Mind this Point, not only for the Honour and Credit resulting to us from such a liberal

In planning a Factory on the Coast of ,we

look to a solid Establishment, and not One that is to be abandoned at Pleasure. We authorize you to fix it at the most convenient Station, only to place your Colony in Peace and Security, and fully protected from the Fear of the smallest sinister Accident. The Object of a Port of this Kind is to draw the Indians to it, to lay up the small Vessels in the Winter Season, to build, and other Commercial Purposes. When this Point is effected, different Trading Houses will

Line of Conduct, but from the absolute Necessity of be established at Stations that your Knowledge of the avoiding all Subject of Dispute with Foreign Powers; Coast and its Commerce point out to be the most ad-we hope that no Motive whatever will induce you to vantageous.

deviate from this Point, as we assure you, that a Com- In the Course of the Summer we recommend your inerce that is not carried on with Honour and Respec- leaving single Persons to reside with some of your tability, as well as Humanity, would be entirely re- Friends, the Chiefs of the Charlotte Isles, in order to pugnant to our Feelings, as Men, and Characters as British Merchants, a Character which appears to us ki so respectable a Light, that no Emolument, no Advantage whatever, would persuade us to countenance the smallest Deviation from it in the Person and Acts of those we employ.

collect the Furs the Natives, in full Persuasion of your returning to them, would keep back from our Competitors; and here at once you will perceive the Advantages to be derived from conciliating their Confidence and good Will. To such People, who are so prone to serve their Employers, Rewards should be

Reports having been spread of great Acts of Cruelty given, which should be agreeable to their Success, and Inhumanity being committed by the Crews of You are so well acquainted with the American Corn-various Vessels on the Coast of America, in their Commerce, that it would be needless to dwell on the merce with the Natives, we now embrace the earliest Necessity of husbanding your Articles of Trade; of Opportunity of expressing our utter Abhorrence of guarding against the Impositions of the Native Mer-such hostile Acts: We sincerely hope that no Person chants, and of impressing them with an Idea of the or Persons in our Employ will have Cause to be re- Superiority of your Merchandize, &c. &c. The Tide proached of any Thing in this Kind; Acts which we of Fancy of those People may be turned; the Fickle-never will countenance or protect; on the contrary ness of their Disposition is well known to you, as well we shall use every Means in our Power to have the as your Ingenuity to us in combating those Difficulties.

Vol. 45. The

13° M

A. 1790.

intelligence respecting Cap.ures at Nootka.

v - w ’ "*

The Fall of the Year we wish all the small Craft to be laid up at the Factory, which you will name Fort Pitt.

You will invest Mr. R. Dvffin with the Superintendence of this Station, and strenuously recommend to him to keep good Order and Harmony therein; to build Storehouses for the Reception of the Tackle and Furniture of the Shipping that you may order to be laid up, and above all, to recommend to him to use every Precaution against the Scurvy by Exercise, and the unremitting Use of the Decoction of Pine Tops.

You will in the Winter Season send what Vessels you judge proper to the Sandwich Islands for Provisions, &c. In their Return we imagine that some of the Natives of those Isles, both Men and Women, may be embarked and transplanted to America, and made useful in our Employ; this must be done with their own Consents, and with every Precaution with regard to their Health as well as Happiness.

We desire the Argonaut may be returned to China the End of this Season with the Furs. You will deliver her to Captain William , and receive

from him the Ephigene and America, shifting the Crews, &c. &c. You will also receive his Surplus Trade, and all other Stores of that Nature, and in Return supply him with Refreshments to carry him to the Islands where he can procure a Supply.

The Furs you send to Chi,we desire may be well cleaned, and otherwise dressed, classed, and put into Chests; Musters of each Quality must be put into a separate Box; every Skin, Piece, and Tail, must be numbered, and a Register kept of the Whole, and transmitted to us, with your other Dispatches, by Captain Douglass-, in these you will be very particular in advising us of all Articles wanted for the Year 1790.

We recommend to your Attention the State of the Markets in China;the vast Difference between good and bad Skins, as a Guidance to your Purchases on the Coast, as ioo prime Skins are most assuredly worth 500 bad, independent of lessening the Value of your Articles of Commerce. All Collections of Furs, to the latest Period, you will send Home, in the Argonaut.

Sea Otters Tails and Seal Skins now become an Object, from the Price they bear. — It will be entirely needless to direct you in the Purchases of Furs, where you are so well acquainted; this we leave entirely to yourself; but we cannot avoid reminding you, and to desire a strict Attention is paid, that no illicit Commerce is carried on by any Persons in our Employ; on any Circumstances of this Kind, the Offenders may depend on our availing ourselves in the strictest Manner which a Breach of Articles may occasion. The Pay of Officers of every Description is extremely liberal; and we shall esteem it the Duty of every Individual to make known such Circumstances of illicit Commerce as may come within their Knowledge, as in our Eyes it is equally criminal, and shews a great Neglect of their Employer’s Interest, to either hide or stifle such Discovery; and you have our most positive Orders, on such Points coming to your Knowledge, to instantly dismiss such Persons, and those concerned, from our Service; nor will we permit any Deviation from this Point, except your Reasons are strong and sufficient for pursuing a different Line of Conduct.

We also authorize you to dismiss from our Service all Persons who shall refuse to obey your Orders, when they are for our Benefit, and, in this Case, we give you to understand, the Princess Royal, America, and other small Craft, are always to continue on the Coast of America; their Officers and People, when the

Time of their Service is up, must be embarked on the returning ship to Chinj and on 00 Account

whatever will we suffer a Deviation from those Orders.

Should you meet with any of the Ships of Messrs. Etches and Co. on the Coast, you will of course afford them every Assistance in your Power; but as we shall have no Interest in those Ships, if you can induce the Commanders to trade on our Joint Account, it will be most agreeable to us; but no trading Connections whatever must be, except on Account of the present Company. To the Person entrusted with the Command of those Ships you will make known the Nature of our Connections with Mr.; you will

in consequence make a Demand of all their Surplus Stores, or Articles of Commerce, &c. that they have to dispose of, in order that they may be left in the Factory; and a particular Account must be taken of all that are delivered, as they must be accounted for to Mr. Etches by the Company. We have no Doubt but that your Requisition will be complied with, as it ultimately tends to the Good of their Employers.

The Number of Competitors you will meet with on the Coast will, wre fear, somewhat diminish your Collection of Furs, as well as enhance their Price; we have no Doubt of your Activity and Perseverance, as well as Address in your Negociations. We place the strongest Reliance on your Vigilance and Caution, and as we have conferred on you the most ample Powers, in Return w-e look for considerable Responsibility, and a happy Completion of our 1 Ians. In a full Persuasion of this we shall take ou Leave, with a strong Recommendation of Unanimity amongst your Officers, and the strictest Discipline over your People. We'wish you Health and a prosperous Voyage, and remain, &c.

J. Shears,

For Messrs. E, Cox, and Co.

N*3.

Extracts of a Letter from Mr. Shears to Captain Colnett; dated Macao, 25th April 1789.

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

To accompany Inclosure (N* 1.)

We have well-founded Information, that Mr. Jaques, Mate of the Princess Royal, gave Copies of his own and Captain Hudsons Journals and Charts to Captain Metcalf, who commanded an American Ship when he was in China. This Act of Mr. Jiiqucs we esteem to militate so extremely against himself and our Service, that we desire you to return him to China.

Our Displeasure is no less pointed against Mr. Gibson, one of your Officers, whose Acts of Inhumanity, exercised on the Coast of America, render him extremely unfit to be employed in our Service; you will thefore return him to China. Those Circumstances relative to the above Persons did not come to our Knowledge till after the Departure of the Princess Royal from China, or we most assuredly would have embraced the earlist Opportunity of dismissing them our Service; but, with regard to Mr. Gibson, we have put the small Stock of his remaining Merit against his Situation, and our Promises prior to the Discovery of his Character, and we have formed the Resolution of employing him but One Season.

As the Dismission of those Officers may put you to some Inconveience, we shall write to Messrs. Shep-pardson and Barnett to remain under your Command; and though they are, yet we are convinced of their Value, being entirely attached to Interest and Service."

" As it is probable, that in Autumn 1790 you may ot meet

meet with a Store Ship from England, on the Company's Account, we have the strongest Hopes, should that Event happen, that from her you will form the entire Establishment of the Coast on such reasonable Terms under the present, that will meet our Satisfaction, and enable the Company, through the Medium of Oeconomy, to destroy our Competitors. It is probable, however, that all those Engagements may be settled in England prior to the Departure of the Store Ship; in this Case you will resign the Charge of our Cdncerns to those who are appointed to manage the same, and return with the Officers and People who are impressed from China on the Store Ship, or the Argonaut, which ever you think most eligible; but we rather apprehend that, by the above Period, you will have so much Tonnage on the . Coast, that it will be needless detaining the Argonaut, more particularly as we shall want her in 1791, to rctumTher again to the Coast. We have nothing more to repeat, in Addition to the former Orders." ,

Signature, & authorised by the Commandant D" Intelligence Stephen Joseph„ & by the proper Notary, inspecting

Raphael de Canizares, on said Day, Month; & Year, at

being Witnesses thereto, D" John Kendrick, Com- ----- -- — *.

manaer of the Boston Frigate, named The Columbia, and D" Joseph Ingraham, Second Captain & First Pilot of said Frigate, &. of this I give Faith — Francis Joseph Fiona — William Douglas — John Kendrick —

Joseph ^Ingraham — Stephen Joseph Martinez — Raphael de Canizares.

This is a literal Copy of the Obligation, of which Triplicates were signed at the Foot of the Inventory made of the said Packet Boat of MacaOi whereof I certify. On Board the Princess Frigate, 26th May 1789.

Raphael de.

n*4.v*

Obligation to restore the Ship Iphigenia to his Catholic Majesty, if deemed a lawful Prize. 1

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

' (N* 2.)

N' 5-

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Shears to Captain . William Douglas, commanding the;

dated at Sea, 2d February 1788.

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

(N* 30

On board His Majesty’s Frigate, called Our Lady of the Rosary (alias) The Princess, 25 th of s'

Year; I, D" Francis Joseph Fiona, & Don William Douglas, the first, Captain, & the second, Supercargo of the Packet Boat Iphigenia Nubiana, at Anchor in this Port of St. Lawrence of being

empowered by D* John Cawallo, Inhabitant of &

declare bind

Trader at Macao;We say that we oblige ourselves

(in Name of said Cawallo, to whom belongs said Packet Boat), to satisfy whomsoever shall present to us the Import of Valuation by experienced Persons of s' Vessel, with Lading & other Appurtenances on board; & in order the better to certify in the antecedent Inventory, in case that H. E. the Vice Roy of New Spain, may judge the s' Packet Boat, the Iphigenia, to be a Prize, on Account of having lound us at Anchor in said Port of Nootka, without having a Passport, Permission, or particular from

his Catholic Majesty for so doing, that is, for Navigating or Anchoring in Seas or Ports belonging to his

hind

Dominions. For all which we oblige ourselves to the s' D° John Cawallo, as lawful Owner of said

bind

Packet, and we oblige ourselves in his Name, in all lawful Form, with our Persons & Effects, present

Value

& future, to the Satisfaction of the Quantity of Contents of s' Inventory, Masts, Stores, Cargo, contained in s' Inventory; subjecting ourselves, as we do subject ourselves, to the Laws, Pragmatic Sanctions, and Ordinances of s' Sovereign; & renouncing, as we do renounce, all Laws, Liberties, & Privileges which might favour us, without it

Value

being necessary in the Exhibition of the said Quantity, in which we may be condemned, to have Recourse to Law Suit; for altho’ this Obligation be made

unstamped

upon simple" Paper, we give it as much Force and Value as if it were a Wilting made before a Royal or Publit: Notary, and for its Force we sign Three of one Tenor, One being fulfilled, the others to be of no Value, which we have signed with our Hand & Vol. 45.

On your Return to Macao you will seal up youf Log Book, Charts, Plans, &c. &c. &c. and forward them to Daniel Beale, Esquire,' Canton, who is the ostensible Agent for the Concern; and you have the most particular Injunctions not to communicate or give Copies of any Charts or Plans that you may make, as your Employers assert a Right to all of them, and as such will claim them.

Should you, in the Course of your Voyage, meet with the Vessels of any other Nation, you will have as little Communication with them as possible; should they be of superior Force, and desire to see your Papers, you will cause your Portuguese Captain to shew them. You will be on your Guard against Surprize. Should they be either Russian, English, Spanish, or any other Civilized Nation, and be authorized to examine your Papers, you will permit them, and treat them with Civility and Friendship; but at the same Time you must be on your Guard. Should they attempt to seize you, or even carry you out of your Way, you will prevent it by every Means in your Power, and repel Force by Force; you will on your Arrival protest Publicly, before a proper Officer, against such illegal Procedure, and ascertain, as near as you can, the Value of your Cargo and Vessel, and send such Protest, with a full Account of the Transaction, to Juan Carvalho, Esquire, of Macao, Daniel Beale, Esquire, Prussian Consul at Canton, Messrs. Francisco Jose Bandeiro, and Jononimo Rubisno Neoes, Attornies, at Lisbon.

Should you, on such Conflict, have the Superiority, you will then take Possession of the Vessel that attacked you, as also her Cargo, and bring both, with the Officers and Crew, to Macao, that they may be condemned, and their Crews punished as Pirates.

6 D

470

13* Mail.

A. 1790:

Intelligence

respecting

Captures at

Nooika.

N* 6.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Mean to Mr. Robert Funter, Second Officer of the Felice, commanding the America; dated Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, 10th September 1788.

In Mr. Mean's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

To accompany Inclosure (N® 3.)

You are on no Account to hoist any Colours until such Time as your Employers give you Orders for this Purpose, except on taking Possession of any new-discovered Land; you will then do it, with the usnal Formality, for the Crown of Great Britain.

N® 7.

The Information of William Graham.

In Mr. Means Memorial.of 30 April 1790.

(N® 4.)

*^}The Information of William Graham, of Grub Street, Mariner; taken before me Sir Sampson Wiright, Knight, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, this 5th Day of May 1790.

Who, being on Oath, says, That on or about the Month of September 1788, he entered himself on 'Board the Vessel called The North West America, then lying in King George's Sound, on the North West Coast of America, belonging to Mr. John Meares, a Merchant trading in those Parts: And further says, That be saw said Vessel launched in said Harbour under British Colours, and navigated under the British Flag, and that she was commanded by Robert Funter, who is a British Subject.

And this Informant further says. That said Ship was trading on Account of said John Meares on the North West Coast of America, between the Latitudes of 60 and 45 North, for Furs, a large Number of which they had purchased and got on Board; and that being in Want of Provisions, they sailed from the Archipelago of St. Lazarus, where they had been so trading as aforesaid, and returned to King George's Sound for a fresh Supply of Provisions, at which Time the Natives were bringing great Quantities of Furs for Sale.

And this Informant further says, That when the said Vessel arrived in the Offing of said King George's Sound, a Number of Boats came out of said Sound, and seized said Vessel, and conducted her into said Sound; that One of said Boats had a Gun in her Bow, and all the People on Board the Boats were Spaniards, and were armed with Cutlasses, Pistols, and Musquets; that they took Possession of said Vessel in the Name of the King of Spain, and made this Informant and the rest of the Crew Prisoners.

That on entering said Sound in Manner aforesaid, he, this Informant, saw Two Spanish Men of War lying the re, one carrying 26 Guns, called The Princessa, and the other 24 Guns, called The St. Carlos, with several Hundred Men on Board, and carrying the Spanish nag-

That the Spaniards who had boarded said Vessel as aforesaid, brought her to an Anchor close to said Frigates, and put the Captain and Crew of said Vessel on Board said Frigates; that they then took out of said Vessel all the Furs and other Merchandize, and put the same also on Board said Frigates, and then

hoisted the Spanish Flag on Board the Vessel they had so captured.

That the Spaniards entreated this Informant, and the rest of the Crew of said Vessel, to enter themselves as Seamen on Board said Frigates, which they all refused to do; that said Spaniards then put the Crew of said Vessel in Irons, and fed them with Horse Beans and Water, for the Space of about Three Weeks, and beat and otherwise ill treated several of them.

And this Informant further says, That he was informed that the Name of the Officer who commanded said Frigates is Stephen Joseph Martinez; and he also further says, that if said Vessel could have continued longer in the Archipelago of St. Lazarus, from whence she was obliged to return to King George's Sound through 'Want of Provisions, or if she had got a Supply of Provisions at said Sound, and gone back to the Archipelago (from which she was prevented by being captured as aforesaid) he is well assured that they should have collected a large Quantity of Furs, and other Merchandize, and that the Voyage would have 'been very advantageous to the Parties interested therein.

That soon after the Capture of said Vessel as aforesaid, she was fitted out, and sent on a trading Voyage, by said Stephen Joseph Martinez, manned with Spaniards, bearing the Spanish Flag, and having also on Board one David Coolidge, Mate of the Sloop Washington, belonging to the United States of America, which was then lying in said Sound; that in the Month of July following, said Vessel returned to said Sound, having on Board a considerable Quantity of Otters Skins, which he, this Informant, saw taken out of said Vessel, and put on Board said Frigates.

That on the 14th Day of the Month of June 1789, the Princess Royal Merchant Ship, of London, belonging to said Mr. Meares and others, and commanded by Mr. William Hudson, came into said Sound with British Colours flying, and Anchored near the said Frigates; that said Vessel Princess Royal lay in said Sound a few Days, and then sailed (having first obtained the Permission of said Martinez so to do) without any other Interruption or Molestation whatever.

That on or about the Third of July, the Argonaut, a Merchant Ship, appeared in the Offing of said King George's Sound, commanded by James that

said Martinez equipped a Launch with Twenty Men and upwards, and went with the same himself, accompanied by Richard Home, an American, and Supercargo of the Ships Columbia and Washington (belonging to the United States of America, and then lying in said Sound) on Board said Argonaut; that said Argonaut sailed into and Anchored in said Sound with British Colours flying; that the next Morning the Argonaut wanting to put to Sea, was prevented by said Martinez, who seized said Vessel with an armed Force, took the Captain and Crew on Board said Frigates, and put them in Irons; that said Martinez ordered the British Colours on Board the Argonaut to be hauled down, and the Spanish Colours to be hoisted, and fired a Gun on Board the Argonaut, and took Possession of the Vessel in the Name of his Catholic Majesty; that said Martinez then ordered all the Property on Board said Argonaut to be removed on Board said Frigates; that on the 13th Day of July the before-mentioned Vessel the Princess Royal appeared in the Offing of said King George's Sound, and that Robert Hudson, Master of said Vessel, came into said Sound in his Boat; that since Martinez immediately seized said Boat, together with said Hudson and the Boat’s Crew, on whom several Spanish Soldiers who were on Board the Argonaut and the Princessa (one of said Frigates) fired with Ball; that when said. Hudson came along-side said Frigate in his Boat, the Crew belonging to said Frigate beat said Hudson and his Men, and threw said Hudson down

13° Mail

471

the After Hatchway of said Frigate, saying, "Got " down, you English Dog," and afterwards put him in the Cabin under a Guard of Soldiers; that the Spaniards then launched Two Boats, armed with Cutlasses, &c. which went on board the Princess Royal, and brought her from the Sound; that they then fired a Gun on Board her, hauled down the English and hoisted Spanish Colours on Board her, and put the Crew, all the Merchandize, and other Property that was in her, on Board One of said Frigates, and took Possession of said Princess Royal in the Name of his Catholic Majesty; that at this Time, he, this Informant, saw Two Spanish Batteries which were erected on Shore in said Sound, the one mounted 16 Guns, and the other 7 Guns, with the Spanish Flag flying thereon.

And this Informant further says. That he remained in Confinement on Board one of said Spanish Frigates for the Space of Three Weeks, and was then put on Board the aforesaid American Vessel the Columbia, in order to return to China; that before said Vessel sailed, he, this Informant, was several Times on Board the Argonaut, where he saw Captain Colnet and his Officers confined in the Cabin, and the Crew in the Fore Hatchway in Irons.

And this Informant further says, That he sailed from China on Board the Fcelice, and arrived in said King George's Sound in the Month of May 1788; that in about a Fortnight or Three Weeks after their Arrival, he saw Mr. Meares deliver some Articles of Merchandize to Maquilla, the Sovereign Prince of the said Sound, which he then understood and believed were given as a Consideration for Lands which the said Mr. Meares had required for an Establishment on Shore; that said Mr. Meares did erect a Building and other Conveniences on said Land; and that the same were taken Possession Of by said Martinez, who raised a Battery of Two Guns, and hoisted the Spanish Flag thereon.

And this Informant says, That there were a Number of Men, Natives of China, at said Sound, who had been taken thither by said Mr. Meares; and that said Martinez refused to let them return to China, and employed them in erecting Batteries and other Works, and, as he hath been informed, in digging in the Mines.

That while he was on his Passage in the Columbia to China, he saw a Quantity of Furs put on Board said Vessel from said Princes and that the Name Martinez was stamped or marked thereon; that in Port Cose, in their Way to China (and w'here the Washington and Columbia met) he also saw a Number of Furs put on Board the Columbia from the Washington.

And this Informant hereby acknowledges, That he has received from said Mr. Meares all the Wages due to him from the Time of his embarking on Board the Fcelice as aforesaid, to the Time of his Arrival in China on Board the Columbia: And says, that the principal Reason of his coming to Europe was to give Information of the before-mentioned Transactions.

That when he was at Port Cose, in the Columbia as aforesaid, Captain Kenrick, who commanded said Vessel* told this Informant, that if he would not sign Articles to assist in navigating her to China, he would turn him ashore among the Indians', and in consequence of said Threats, he signed said Articles; and he, this Informant, is of Opinion, that if he and others under the like Circumstances had not given such Assistance, they could not have carried said Vessel to China; but he did not receive any Recompence for such Service.

William.

Sworn before me, the Day and Year above written.

Sampson Wright.

Vo I. 45.

8. Intelligence

respecting

T. Hudson's Receipt for Two hundred and Three Sea Captures at

Otter Skins. Nootka- .

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

(N* 5.)

July 2d 1789, in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound.

Received from Robert Funter, Two hundred and Three Sea Otter Skins, numbered 1 to 215, in good Order and well-conditioned, of which Numbers Twelve are wanting, viz. ^96, 170, 179, 180, 163, 197, 199,

202, 203, 205, 208, and 204, which I promise to deliver in the like good Order and Condition at Macao,

Canton, or any other Port where they may be ordered by the Established Company of Merchants trading from the above Ports to this Coast.

Witness my Hand, this 2d Day of July 1789.

T. Hudson.

203 Skins.

N *9.

Certificate of Ninety-six Skins being shipped on Board the Columbia.

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

IN* 6.)

Of the 96 Skins which I have permitted to be embarked on board the Columbia, to Captain Robert Funter, and Pilot Thomas Barnet, on their Account, they shall pay to the Captain of said Frigate, John Kendrick, the corresponding Freight for said Skins, as also the Support of the Crew, and Payment of said Individuals, because that they might not lose their Labour and Pain, I have given this Permission, leaving to the said Captain and Pilot their Right, apart, to demand of Don John Cawallo, in whose Service they were, or of the London Company of Free Trade, as this has satisfied the Expences incurred by said Cawallo in his Vessels by Means of the Purchase.

On Board this Frigate under my Command in the Port of St. Lawrence of Nootka, 14th July 1789.

(Signed) Stephen Joseph Martinez.

This is Original Copy of an Order, which they say Don Stephen Joseph Martinez, Captain of the Spanish Frigate, gave.

Canton, 2d December, 1789.

Witness Henry Hopman, Third Supercargo.

Manuel Netgole, First Supercargo of the Phil-lippine Company.

N° 10.

Deposition of the Officers and Men of the Schooner North West America.

In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30 April 1790.

(N- 7.)

We the undermentioned Captain and Seamen of the North West America, a Vessel of 40 Tons Burthen or thereabouts, built in King George’s Sound, on the North West Coast of America, by Captain John Meares, Agent for the Society of British Merchants trading to those Parts, and launched under the Colours of Great Britain, make Oath before the Chief Supercargo of the Honourable East India Company resident at Canton:

That

A. 1790.

Intelligence respeciing Captures at Nook*.

472 13° Man.

That in the Month of September, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, the Carpenters of the said John diaj with the

Assistance of divers Natives of America, build, launch, and equip a Schooner of Forty Tons, or thereabouts, in the Sound or Port discovered by the late Captain James Cook, and named by him King George's Sound, in Honour of our most Gracious Sovereign; that the said John Meares, did name the said Vessel the North

West America, as the First Vessel ever built in that Part of the World; that she was equipped at a great and heavy Expence of Stores, Tackle, and Furniture, particularly of Iron, the most valuable Commodity in those Parts; that all those Stores, Iron, &c. were conveyed to the American Coast, with infinite Labour, Cost, Charge, and Expences, on the Ship Iphigenia, as appears by her Books of Outfit and Equipment; that the said John Meares did appoint Mr. Robert Master of the

North West America, deeming him a full and sufficient Person to conduct her Commerce and Guidance, and also did appoint Peter Henny, Robert Davidson, and John East, Quarter Masters of the said Schooner, as well as Thomas Thistlezcood, William Graham, and John Clarke, Mariners, all Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, and also Assing, a Native of China, a Carpenter, and Assec and Aehaw, Mariners of the same Country, to compose her Crew, to trade along the North West Coast of America, on Account and for the Benefit of the Associated Merchants of Great Britain, trading to those Parts; and that we the above-mentioned People have been paid our full and just. Wages agreeable to Justice, from the Time of our first sailing from China until the Time of our Return, as the Books of Outfit will shew, and agreeable to our Receipts.

That on the Ninth of June 1789, being returned to King George's Sound from a trading Expedition amongst the Charlotte's Isles, unsuspecting Enemies or other hostile Attacks, there did come from thence Boats manned and equipped for War, commanded by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, Commander of Two Ships of War of his Catholic Majesty then in King George's Sound, and did tow or convey the said North West America, her Crew, Tackle, Cargo, and Furniture, into the said Sound, and did Anchor her close to the Spanish Ships of War, and then did take Possession of the Schooner, her Tackle, Cargo, Furniture, Goods, and Chattels of the Associated Merchants, in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, as a good and lawful Prize.

That the said Schooner North West America did barter and trade with the Natives of the North West Coast of America, for Two hundred and Fifteen Sea Otter Skins of good and Prime Quality; that the said Number of Two hundred and Fifteen Sea Otter Skins, were put on Board of the Sloop Princess Royal, of London, belonging to the Associated Merchants, for their Use and Advantages.

The the said Robert Funter and his Crew were removed Prisoners on Board the said Spanish Ships of War, to their Vexation, Detriment, and Loss; and that the said Schooner North West America was taken out of his Care, and given up to the Plunder of the Subjects of his Catholic Majesty; that the Colours of Spain were hoisted on Board the said North West America; that every Formality was used by the Spaniards, by sprinkling Holy Water, &c. on the above Vessel, in order to cover their unjust and cruel Proceedings.

That the Quantity of Trade and Commerce on Board the North nest America, when taken by the Spaniards, was great and considerable; and that being in Want of Provisions, she returned to King George's Sound, in the sole Hopes of meeting with some of the Ships of the Associated Merchants, to receive from them the Supplies wanted; that Numbers of Skins were left behind amongst the Charlotte's Isles; and we do aver to the best of our Belief, that had there been

06

sufficient Provisions on Board the Schooner, so as to have permitted her further Stay, that One thousand Sea Otter Skins would have been collected, in Addition to the Two hundred and Fifteen above-mentioned: And we further make Oath, That the Detention in King George's Sound, by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, was to the Ruin of the Voyage, and the irreparable Loss of the Associated Merchants.

That the said North West America was immediately equipped and manned by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, with Spanish Officers and Seamen, with Mr. David Coolidge, First Mate of the Sloop Washington, of the United States of America, a Pilot; that she sailed front King George's Sound under the Spanish Flag on a trading Voyage; that in the Month of July she returned to the said Sound with a Cargo of Seventy-five Sea Otter Skins, or upwards, to the heavy Loss of the Associated Merchants.

That we do further make Oath, That Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did offer to Mr. Robert Funter to go as Pilot to the Schooner, to shew the different Harbours where Skins were to be collected, and to trade along the Coast; and as an Inducement to accept of this Station the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did offer unto the said Mr. Robert Funter the Half of all Furs or Valuables collected during the Voyage; and the said Mr. Robert Funter having acquired a con-sderable Knowledge of the Trade of the North West Coast of America, was pressed by D. J. S. Martinez to discover the Nature of the Commerce, and to enter into their Service. And we do further make Oath, That those Offers of Don Joseph Stephen Martinez were rejected with Indignation, as incompatible with our being in the Service of the Associated Merchants.

That the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did make use of all Manner of Threats and other unlawful Endeavours of Punishments and Imprisonments, &c. &c. &c. to induce the said Robert Funter to make some Instrument of Writing, whereby the Right and Title to the said Schooner North West America, should be conveyed to the above Don Joseph Stephen Martinez; that all those Efforts and Threats were sustained without giving such an Instrument in Writing. And do further make Oath, That of the Two hundred and Fifteen Sea Otter Skins collected on Board the North West America, Twelve whereof were either lost or stolen on Board the Spanish Ship Princcssa, which reduced the above Number of Two hundred and Fifteen to Two hundred and Three Skins, which were put on Board the Princess Royal.

That on or about the .14th of July, the Princess Royal of London, being in want of Wood and Water, and otherwise much distressed, did sail into King George's Sound, and did Anchor near to the Ships commanded by the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez; and that Mr. William Hudson, Master of the above Vessel, finding the Schooner North West America, belonging to the Associated Merchants, with Cargo and Tackle, &c. seized by the Spaniards, did receive on Board the said Sloop Princess Royal, with the Leave and Licence of Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, the Number of Two hundred and Three prime Sea Otter Skins, on Account of the Associated Merchants; and the stud Don Joseph Stephen Martinez having determined to capture the Hull and Tackle of the North West America, but liberate the Cargo of the above Number of Two hundred and Three Sea Otter Skins.

That the above Sloop Princess Royal, William Hudson, Master, did put to Sea out of Nootka Sound, having on Board the above Cargo of the Associated Merchants, and after having signed a Receipt for the above Skins, which Receipt is attached to this Affidavit

And we do further make Oath, That the Receipt attached to this Affidavit is the true and just Receipt

received

13s M

473

received from William, Hudsonblaster of the Princess Royal.

And we do make Oath, That the Ship Argonaut, commanded by Lieutenant James Colnett, of His Majesty’s Navy, and belonging to the Associated Merchants, did arrive off King George's Sound, on or about the 3d of July 1789; and that Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, perceiving the said Vessel in the Offing, did man and equip a Launch with Seventy Men and upwards, and went himself, accompanied by Mr. Richard Howe, art American, and Supracargo of the Ships Columbia and Washington, belonging to the United States of America, and then in George's Sound, and went on Board the said Ship Argonaut, where he was received with every Friendship and Civility; that the Argonaut being come off a long Voyage, and otherwise much distressed, was enticed and decoyed into the said Sound by the Assurances, and resting on the Faith of Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, who promised him every Assistance and Friendship; and that the Ship Argonaut having in consequence of this entered King Georges Sound, was boarded by armed Boats equipped from the Spanish Ships, and seized and made a Prize of, her Officers, Crew, and Cargo, in the Name of his Catholic Majesty, by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez; and that the Officers and Crew were immediately removed on Board the Spanish Ships, and the British Ship Argonaut was given up by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez to Plunder, not only the Goods, &c of the Associated Merchants, but the private Moveables and Valuables of the Officers and Crew.

That Don Joseph Stephen , with Priests and

all due Formalities, hoisted the Flag of Spain on the British Ship Argonaut, and did threaten Captain James Colnett, that if he did not comply with all Orders, Injunctions, and other Demands, that they would immediately hang the said Captain James Colnett at the Yard Arm, which pressed so forcibly on the Mind of the said Colnett, that it deprived him of his Senses; that he made repeated Attempts to destroy himself, and did once jump out of the Cabin Window into the Sea, and was with Difficulty saved.

That the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, being in Possession of the Ship Argonaut, did take out of her the creates! Part of her Copper Trade, Arms, great Guns, Ammunition, Provisions, Tar, Pitch, Canvas, and other Naval Stores, with all the Charts, Instruments^ &c. of the Officers.

We do further make Oath, That the Journal of the Ship Argonaut was true, and faithfully delivered by Mr. Robert Duffin, First Officer of the said Ship, to Mr. Robert Punter, Master of the North West America, as well as the Letters signed Duffin, and

addressed to John Meares, Agent for the Associated British Merchants trading to the N. W. Coast of America, which Journals or Letters are attached to this Affidavit.

And we do make Oath, That on the 13th of July the Sloop Princess Royal, of London, was out at Sea, in the Offing of King George's Sound, and that Mr. Robert Hudson, Master of the said Sloop, did take his Boat and row into the said Sound, and that himself, Boat, and Crew, were seized by Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, who made Prisoners of them, and did by Force, and Threats of hanging him at the Yard Arm, get the said William Hudson to write a Letter on Board the Princess Royal, then lying off at Sea, to deliver up without Contest the above Sloop; and that Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did order his Second Lieutenant, named Montefare, to take armed Boats, equipped for War, and go on board the Princess Royal, and deliver the said written Letter to the Commanding O&cer on Board, and that those Boats did accordingly go to the Princess Royal; and did seize her, and with Force confined the Crew below the Deck, and did carry her into King Vol. 45.

George's Sound, when Don Joseph Stephen Martinez intelligence did order the Spanish Colours to be hoisted on the respecting Princess Royal, and captured her Officers, Crew Cargo; Ntwtka* at Tackle; and Furniture, in the Name of his Catholic — . ‘ <

Majesty.

That to the best of our Knowledge and Belief the said Princess Royal had on Board Two hundred and Seventy prime Sea Otter Skins; belonging to the Asso* ciated Merchants, as well as Two hundred and Three prime Sea Otter Skins received from Mr. Robert -ter, Master of the North West America, making in alt Four hundred and Seventy-three prime Sea Otter Skins, all which were seized by the said Joseph Stephen Martinez, in the Name of his Catholic Majesty;

That the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did. take Possession, with all due Form, &c. &c. of the Princess Royal, of London. And we do further make Oath,

That Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did give us, the above-mentioned Mr. Robert Punter and Seamen, Leave and Licence to return to China in the American Ship Columbia; and that we did embark on Board the same . Ship, and did return to China on the 2d of November 1789; and that previous to our leaving King George's Sound, and the N. W. Coast of America, we did see sail out of the said Port the British Ship Argonaut, under the Spanish Flag, a Prize to Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, having on Board Captain James Colnett, Mr.

Robert Dteffin, and the greater Part of her Crew, with

a Guard ot Fifty Spanish Seamen, bound to the Spanish Port of St. Bias, in the Latitude of 21 or thereabouts, agreeable to the Orders of Don Joseph Stephen Martinez 5 and that Jos. Tobar, First Lieutenant of the Spanish Ship Princessa, was in Command of the Argonaut, on her leaving King George's Sound; and that the Columbia and the American Sloop Washington did depart from King's George's Sound together unmolested in any Measure by the Spaniards, but on the contrary in full Friendship and Alliance, leaving in that Sound Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, with his Two Ships, and the Sloop Princess Royal and the North West America as Prizes. That the Columbia and Washington did steer to a Harbour to the Southward of King George's Sound, where they separated, the Columbia returning to , and the Washington remaining on the Coast.

That we do further make Oath, That Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did order a certain Number of Sea Otter Skins (the Number of which we cannot ascertain) to be put on Board the American Ship Columbia, previous to her and the Washington'% leaving King George's Sound, and that the said Ship Columbia did go to Sea with those Skins on Board; that on the Arrival of the Two American Ships at the Port above-mentioned to the Southward, Mr. John Kendrick, Master of the Ship Columbia, did leave the said Ship, and go on Board the Sloop Washington, taking the above-mentioned Spanish Skins with him; and Mr. Robert Grey, Master of the Sloop Washington, did go on Board the Ship Columbia, and took Charge of the said Ship, quitted the Coast of America, and returned to China as above-mentioned, leaving the Sloop Washington in the above-mentioned Harbour to the Southward.

And \ve do further make Oath, That the Provisions, agreeable to the Receipt attached to this Affidavit, were put on Board the Ship Columbia, by Order of Don Joseph Stephen Martinez, in order, as he said, to victual us, the Captain and Crew of the North West America; but that, instead of being appropriated to this Use, Part thereof were put on Board the Sloop Washington, theu commanded by Mr. Kenrick, in order that she might continue out a longer trading Voyage on the Coast of America.

That the said Don Joseph Stephen Martinez did order to be shipped on Board the Ship Columbia, commanded , by the said Mr. Grey, the Number of Ninety-six Sea Otter Skins, for the Purpose of fulfilling the

6 E Contents

13" M

A. 1790.

Intelligence respecting Captures at Nootka-

Contents of a Spanish Paper attached to this Affidavit* duly authenticated by the Chief of the Spanish East India Company at Canton.

And we do further make Oath, That the Ship Columbia, on quitting the Coast of America, was so weakly manned, that we do verily believe that she would not have been able to have returned to , had it not been for the Exertions of us, the Master and Seamen of the North West America; that the Reason of this Weakness on Board the Columbia was their sending the greater Part of their Crew on Board the Sloop Washington;in order that she might be

manned and made more competent to continue on the Coast of America.

Sworn at Canton before the Honble. East India Company’s Chief Supra Cargo, this Fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

(Signed.)

Robert Funier,

Master of the North West America.

Robert Davidson,

Quarter Master.

Peter fienry,

Q. Master.

John East,

Q. Master.

William Graham,

Thomas LHlletvood,

Seameh.

Sworn before me, at Canton in China, this Fifth Pay of Decemb& One thousand Seven hundred

-and Eighty-nitie.

(Signed .)John Harrison, Junior,

Chief Supra Cargo,

N* u.

John Kendrick's Receipt for Provisions, &c. on Board the Ship C

In Mr. Shears's Memorial bf 30 April 1730.

To accompany Inclosure (N* 7.)

13th July 17S9. Received from on Board the Snow Argonaut, on Board the Ship Columbia, the under-mentioned Articles; viz*.

5 Casks of Salt Provisions.

20 Pickles of Rice.

180 Gallons of Arrack.

12 Squares of Shoe Leather. it Small Casks of Vinegar.

P' John Kendrick.

The^above is a true Copy.of the Original, signed as above, &c\

Pr Rob. Dtijftn.

N* 12.

Extract of the Journal of In Mr. Shears's Memorial of 30th April 1790. (N* 8.)

Remarks, &c. on Board the Iphigenia

178n At One P. M. a Breeze sprung up from onth AnriiNW. stood in for the Sound. At 7 -D*

‘ the Tide and Wind failing, drdpped the Stream Anchor in 30 Fathoms Water, One Mile from the Shore, and Two D* from Friendly Cove. At 10 A. M. weighed with a Southerly Wind. Shortly afterwards came along-side Captain Kendrick and Officers; they had wintered in Friendly Cove, and had only removed a few Days with their Ship up to,

about 8 Miles higher up the Sound. At 11 D* dropped Anchor in the Cove, and moored with the Pieces of Junk. Employed unbending Sails, and getting the Top-

SUant Masts and Yards down on Deck.- — This Log at idnight

21st April.Light Winds and variable. The Lim-

bers being all choaked with the Sand Ballast, so that the Water could not find its Way into the Pump Well* set all Hands to work in the Morning to clear the Hold, Departed this Life Acchon A, a Seaman, he was delirious from the Time of his Fall from the Cross-trees till he died; interred the Corpse on Shore.

22d April. The Wind from the NW. and SW. with fair Weather; sent some Sails on Shore, and erected a Tent for to put our empty Casks in: Employed in the Hold, the Cooper overhauling the Provisions, and put- ting fresh Pickle in the Casks.

23d April. First Part light Winds and variable: Employed heaving out Ballast; in the Morning moved the Tank to get to the Limbers. At 10 A. M. arrived the Sloop Washington from the Southward: I found that they had been out 6 Weeks, and had procured about 300 Sea Otter Skins.

24th April. Strong Gales and Hazy Weather, with Rain: Employed moving the great Guns in the Hold, which we found a very laborious Piece of Work; every Rope we had in the Ship gave Way, so that we were obliged to born>w a Fall from the American Sloop. Having Intelligence that a Sail was in the Offing, did* patched the Long Boat to her Assistance; found her to be our Consort, the North West America; at Noon she anchored in the Cove. Sailed out of the Cove the Sloop Washington for Moweena.

25th April. Fresh Gales and cloudy Weather, with the Wind from the SW. Having Intelligence that the American Sloop was bound to the Northward as soon as they could get Trade wrought up. I gave Orders for the Schooner not to unbend her Sails, but to be hauled on Shore immediately to stop her Leaks. At 6 P. M. having stopped her Leaks as well as we could, by nailing Lead over them (for we had neither Pitch or Tar on Board) and scrubbed her Bottom, at 10 hauled her off the Ways.

26th. In the Morning hauled the Schooner alongside, and struck her Guns and other Stores in; sent likewise on Board her the following Articles; via*. All the Canvas I had got, One Panclieou of Bread, One Cask of Yams, One of Pork. Two of tuy best Men, and Second Officer, who was well acquainted with the Part of the Coast I intended to send her: J sent on Board her as Trade 50 Bars of Iron, 30 Cut t$, 200 Choppers, 3 Dozen of Adzes, One Dozen of Wood Axes, and a Quantity of large Blue Beads.

28th. Moderate and clear Weather, with the Wind from NE. At Day-light towed the Schooner out of the Cove, the Long Boat attending her out to Sea about Two Leagues.

May 6th. Moderate and fair Weather. Having Intelligence from the Natives that a Vessel was in the Offing, in the Morning I ordered the Long Boat to go off with the Chief Officers (being unwell myself); about 10 I was acquainted by my People that the Vessel appeared to be a Ship, and not the Felice Adven-iurara. At 11 D° she dropped Anchor, and saluted me with 9 Guns, which I returned; my Boat came on Board, and acquainted me she was a Spanish Ship of War, commanded by Commodore Don Stephen Joseph Martinez,on Discovery; that, there were Two

others, a Ship and a Snow, that had parted Company about 14 Days ago: The Commodore sent his Com-

01 pliments

30 Geo. III.

13° Mail

475

pliments to me, and requested my Company oil Boat'd the Princessa (for that was the Name of the Ship) to

Dinner; I went on Board, and carried him a Present of a long feathered Cloak and Cap. He told me on my going on Board he came from; that he

had been in Prince Williams Sound and Cookes River; and shewed me a Copy of a Letter I wrote in Answer to One I received from Mr. on the 25th Day

of June 1788. At the Time I wrote this Letter I was in Cooke's River, he was at Anchor then off Montagu Island. How we came to pass One another, be sailing from the Sound to Cooke's River, and I sailing from Cooke's River to the Sound, I am at a Loss to know. He fell in with the Washington to the Northward, and supplied her with several Things she was in Want of I acquainted him with my distressed Situation; that the Vessel had like to have foundered before we made the Port, for Want of Pitch and Tar to stop her Leaks; that I expected my Consort from Macao every Day; if she did not arrive, I must beg his Assistance, which he promised me. Captain Kendrick arriving from Mo, after Dinner we went on Shore, accompanied by Don Joseph, and Three Padries that was to make all the Indians Christians. I thought they had taken a hard Task in Hand.

7th May. Foggy Weather, People employed in cutting up Fire Wood.

8th. Moderate Breezes and fair Weather; completed our Fire Wood, waiting with great Impatience for the Arrival of the Felice.

9th. D® Weather. In the Morning I accompanied the Commodore, the Padries, and his Officers to Moweena, to dine with Captain Kendrick. In the Evening we returned.

totli. Pleasant Land and Sea Breezes. This Day Captain Kendrick and Officers, the Spanish Commodore, and the Padries dined on Board the having One Sandwich Island Hog left, and a few Yams, I sent the Hog on Board the Spanish Ship, and had it dressed after their own Fashion; they added Two or Three other Dishes; so that we made it out pretty well.

11th. Cloudy Weather and heavy Rain. In the Morning the Spanish Commodore went up to Moweena, taking his Cot and Bedding along with hini. He promised to let me have the Articles I was in Want of at his Return. In the Evening we had Intelligence by the Natives of a Vessel being in the Offing.

12th May. Moderate and Cloudy Weather. In the Morning, having got some Pitch and Tar from the Princessa, hauled the Long Boat ashore, and set

the Carpenter and Caulker to work to caulk her Bottom. At 3 P. M. having finished the Long Boat,

I intended to send him down to Week-a-nennishies. At 5 D" Mr. Adamson acquainted me that Captain Meares was in the Offing, that the Natives had sold him some Fish; (having been unwell for some Time past, and now confined to my Bed) I ordered him to go oft' with the Long Boat to his Assistance. At 6 I)® I was acquainted she dropped Anchor One Mile to the Northward of the Port, and hoisted Spanish Colours.

13th. Moderate and Cloudy Weather. At 10 A. M. came in and dropped Anchor in the Cove the Spanish Snow St. Carlos, commanded by Captain Arrow. He sent his Compliments to me, and requested my Company to Dinner; being unwell I declined his Invitation. In the Afternoon he paid me a Visit; and in the Evening the Commodore came down from Moweena, accompanied by Captain Kendrick, and some of his Officers.

14th. At Nine in the Morning of the 14th the Spanish Commodore sent for Mr. Viana and me on Board the Princessa. As soon as I was on Board he took out a Paper, and told me, that was the King of Vox* 45.

Spain's Orders to take all the Vessels he met with on Intelligcnca tl»e Coast of America 1 that I was now his Prisoner. I ^sPectin« urged the Distress we were in before we readied the NcStksT Harbour; the Vessel without Cables; no Pitch nor — Tar on Board to stop her Leaks; no Bread on Board, nor any Thing to live on but Salt Pork; that if I had steered for any Port in South America, the Spaniards would not have seized my Vessel, but supplied me with the Necessaries I was in Want of, agreeable to the Laws of Nations; to make me a Prisoner, in a Foreign Port that the King of Spain never laid Claim* was a Piece of Injustice that no Nation had ever attempted before: But that, sooner than be detained as a Prisoner (although the Vessel had like to have foundered before we got into the Harbour) if he would give me Permission,. I would instantly leave the Port. This was denied. Forty or Fifty Men* with some Officers, went on Board, hoisted the Spanish Colours, and took Possession of the Iphigenia Nubiana. The Keys of my Chest was demanded; my Charts, Journals, Papers, and in short, every Thing that was in the Vessel, they took Possession of I was not so much as allowed to go on Board,

I enquired the Cause of his not taking the Washington Sloop, as he had Orders from the King of Spain, to take every Vessel he met with on this Coast. He gave me no satisfactory Answer; but told me, my Portuguese Papers were bad; that they mentioned, I was to take all English, Russian, and Spanish Vessels that were of inferior Force to the Iphigenia Nubiana, and send or carry their Crews to Macao, there to be tried for their Lives as Pirates,

I told him, they had not interpreted the Papers right; that although 1 did not understand Portuguese, I had seen a Copy of them in English at Macao, which mentioned, if I was attacked by any of those Three Nations to defend myself, and if I had the Superiority, to send the Captain and Crew to Macao to answer for the Insult they offered the Portuguese Flag. The Padries and the Clerk read the Papers over, and said they had interpreted the Papers right The guese Captain Viana was silent although he must have known to the contrary. In the Evening of the 15th, Captain Kendrick came down from;

having been informed Captain Kendrick was privy to my being taken Prisoner, and that it was settled when the Spanish Commodore was last at , when

he came on Board the Iphigenia I refused to see him.

This being reported to the Spanish 'Commodore, I was ordered, at Ten o’Clock at Night (although I was very unwell) to turn out, and carry my Bed on Board the Spanish Suow, it both raining and blowing at the Time. Here 1 remained for some Time without a Soul to speak to My Servant, that was a Manilla Man, and spoke the Language very well, was not permitted to come near me, for fear of his discovering some of their Proceedings that was carrying on. In short, they stole a Number of Things, and afterwards laid the name on my Servant. My People were divided between the Two Vessels, and every Method made Use of to entiee them to enter.

The Sails were bent, and some new running Rigging wove. A Captain was appointed, and Officers, to carry me and Mr. Viana’to St. . My Officers were to be detained, and One Half of my People, on Board the Two Spanish Ships, and I was requested to choose the quietest of my Men to go along with me.

A Last of them I was desired to give to the Commodore, as we were to sail in a few Days. This I would not comply with, but told him, he might send hofne if he thought proper; that the Iphigema was not fit to go to Sea till she was caulked, and her Leaks stopped. This they immediately set about. -After taking every Thing out of her. Copper, Iron, Trade of every Kind, ana all my Sandwich Island Pork, they filled the Afterhold with Sand Ballast, that we had

been

13° M

476

A. 1790.

Intelligence respeting Captures at Nootka.

%tmt r

been at so much Pain* to get out The Schooner North West America, and the Felice being

daily expected in, none of us were permitted to speak to the Natives, although I found an Opportunity to acquaint M‘ Quilla, and the other Chiefs, as did Mr. Ingraham, Chief Officer of the Columbia. We requested them to have Boats ready to go off to Captain Shears and Captain Funter, and acquaint them not to come into Nootka. That I was Chet led they told

us they understood. They wanted to know if I was now a Colt, that is, a Slave — that if I would go with him, they would send Boats to watch for an Opportunity to carry me off. They instantly shifted their Village about Four Miles to the Northward, so that I am in great Hopes both Captains Shears and Funter will have Intelligence of my being captured. One of my People on Board the Iphigenia, the Servant, was bargaining with the Natives for some Fish they had in their Boat; the Spaniards not understanding what was said, he was ordered on Board the Commodore’s Ship, and put into the Stocks, where he was strictly examined, and threatened severely, if he did not tell whether he had mentioned to the Natives for them to go and acquaint Captains Shears and Funter not to come into Nootka. When they found he had not mentioned any Thing about- the other Vessels, they wanted to know if the Natives had not told him they had seen a Vessel in the Offing. He told them they had not. He was after this set at Liberty, but ordered never to converse with the Indians, nor speak to them in future. I afterwards had a Conference with Captain Kendrick; he denied being accessary to my being taken; that the Spanish Commodore had

?entioneu to him he would take Captain Shears risoner as soon as he arrived in the Harbour; that he had said every Thing, and had made Use of all his Interest to prevent my being taken Prisoner. How far this is true I shall leave it for him to discover. On the 22d the Irons arrived from Maweena, which were made by Captain Kendrick's Armourer. We were now to proceed instantly to St. Blows, and I was once more requested to choose One Half of my Men, as the other Half was to remain with my Officers. Finding not One of them would enter, or desert me, I declined giving the Preference to any. Before we sailed, I requested my own private Papers might be delivered up, likewise a Copy of my Portuguese Papers, which was promised me. The Interpreter, when he came to that Part which mentions my defending myself in case I am attacked, and if I had the Superiority, to carry the Aggressors to Macao to be tried for the Insult, he mentioned to the Commodore, in my Presence, he thought the Papers very good. I told him, if that was the only Cause he had to alledge against me, it would not be difficult for me to cast him in any Court of Justice in Europe. He had now got every Thing out of her that he took a Liking to; and what Things I had belonging to myself he robbed me of in as gentle a Manner as he possibly could, by letting me know he must have my Gold Watch, my Sectant, my Stove, and all my Charts; likewise all my long Feathers, Cloaks, ana Caps, that Tyana and his Relations presented me with; even my Shoes and Boots, and very Bed Cloaths went; as a Reason for doing so, he told me some of those Things could be got at Mexico. He now proposed to return the Vessel, and supply me with Provisions to carry me to the Sandwich Islands, if I would sign a Paper that was already prepared and presented me. This I refused nto comply with, till I had Witnesses, and knew the Contents of the Paper. Mr. How, Supercargo of the was requested

to write a Letter to Captain Kendrick and Mr. Ingraham, to come down from' Maweena, to be Witnesses to the Papers I was to sign. . On the 24th they arrived; the Papers were interpreted to me,

which mentioned he arrived on such a Day, and found me in the Bay of St. Lawrence, Nootka; that I was in Distress, and in Want of every Thing; that he had not stopped my Navigation, but supplied me with every Necessary I was in Want of to carry me to the Sandwich Islands. This Paper 1 refused signing, fof Two Reasons; One was, he had not only stopped me in my Navigation, but had taken Possession of the Ship, and every Thing that belonged to her; another was, the Spaniards could lay no Claim to a Port they had never before seen, nor had any of the King of Spain's Vessels ever entered. The Commodore said, in the Year 1775» he was Second Officer on Board a King’s Frigate that was on Discovery, that saw the Port, and named it the Bay of Si. Lawrence I told him, having the Chart of that Voyage by me, I begged Leave to differ in Opinion from him. If I did not choose to sign the Papers, he told me he would keep the Vessel, and send her along the Coast as a Privateer to trade with the Natives. The Paper* were instantly laid aside, and Captain Kendrick went up to Maweena. The same Evening he told me his Orders were to take Captain Kendrick, if he should fall in with him any where in those Seas; and mentioned it as a great Secret, that he would take both him and the Sloop Washington as soon as she arrived in Port; The 24th and 25th, a heavy Gale blew from the S. W. the Spanish Vessels had each Four Anchors a-head; the Commodore requested I would go on board the Iphigenia Nubiana, with my Officers and People, and secure her; having nothing on Board to secure her with, I declined having any thing to do with her; he was therefore under the Necessity of sending Two Hawsers of Eight-Inch, and making her fast to Hog Island. As I was not permitted to go on Shore, I did not know much of what was carrying forward; they were busy in erecting Forts on Hog Island, and by what I learned, they were cutting down large Trees to build Houses. The Commodore acquainted me, that last Year when he was at Oonalaska, Mr. Ismylojf told him he expected Three Vessels from Kamschatka, with a Number of Men; that

on their Arrival at Oonalaska, he was to take the Command, and conduct them to Nootka Sound, where they were to form a Settlement; that he expected to arrive at Nootka by the Middle of July, er 1st of August, 1789; that Two Russian Frigates were to sail from Petersburgh, by the Way of Cape Horn, and join them in Nootka Sound with Stores and other Necessaries that they might want. On his Arrival at St. Blows last Year he sent an Express to the Vicerdy, who ordered him to sail immediately for Nootka, and erect Forts to keep the Russians out. He likewise acquainted me, that in the Year 1786, Two English Vessels were cast away, One was drove ashore at her Anchors on the Island Maidenoi Ostroff; that all the Hands perished except Three Men that happened to be on Shore; they were sent over Land to Petersburgh. The Officers of foe other Vessel being on Shore they put to Sea, and as there was no Person on Board that could navigate foe Vessel, she was never afterwards seen or heard of As they now had got Possession of my Charts and Journals, the Spanish Commodore intended to send the St. Carlos, Captain Arrow, to foe Northward, as soon as they could get her Bottom cleaned and her Sides caulked. Captain Kendrick was likewise ready for Sea, and he was going to push to the Northward. My People were after me every Hour of foe Day, requesting I would sign the Papers that they might get on Board their own Vessel. Although the Commodore had promised to supply me with what he thought would be necessary to carry me to the Sandwich Islands, and made this Promise before Mr. How and Mr. Ingraham, still there was no Dependence to be put in his Word; however on the 26th this Paper was once more produced. The

Portuguese

13° Mail.

Portuguese Captain Fiona said it tvas a Pass for him; and signed the Paper. I was under the Necessity of doing the same. At Eleven o’Clock on the 26th I Carried my People on Board, and took Possession of the Iphigenia Nubiana. I was not above Half an Hour on Board, when a Message came, that I was wanted on Board the Princessa. When I went on Board, I was told by Don Stephen Joseph Martinez (in the Presence of Mr. Ingraham) that although he had given me back the Iphigenia Nubiana, he would not permit me to sail till the Arrival of the Schooner North-lVest America, and that I must sell her to him for the Price that Captain Kendrick and Officers should set on her. I told him the Schooner did not belong to me; that I had no Power to sell her; that he might act as he thought proper on the Occasion. In the Afternoon the Spaniards left the Ship,’ each carrying off what he could lav his Hands on.

May 27th. Cloudy Weather, with the Wind from the West; loosed the Sails to dry; employed heaving out the Sand Ballast.* In the Evening the Commodore acquainted me he had Intelligence from the Natives that the Schooner was in a Port a little Way to the Northward. He got out some Ink and Paper, and requested I would write a Letter to Captain to

come into Nootka Sound. This I would not comply with, so that he refused to send my Stores, or any of his own, on Board me.

28th. Fresh Breezes and fair Weather; employed -fitting the Rigging in its old Places.

29th. On the 29th, I made out a List of what Articles I was in want of; I desired the Portuguese Captain to write it off and present it, as my chief Demand was One Cable of Eleven-Inch, Bread, some Pitch and Tar, together with Forty Fathoms of Four-Inch Rope for Top-Sail Sheets, and the Rope that was wove when the Vessel was in their Possession. The Commodore sent me Word he would let me have what Things he thought necessary, and what he could best spare, so that I received on Board the following Articles; viz.One Cask of Beef for Three Casks of Sandwich Island Pork that was kept; Four Bags, weighing each 20 lb.; One Box of Bread, weighing about 150 lb.; Two Bags of Rice, Four of Beans, Eight Ditto of Flour, One Chest of Pitch, One Bladder of Tar, and One 18 Gallon Keg of Spanish Brandy; Rope of Three-Inch, 18 Fathoms; One Coil of One and an Half Inch, containing 50 Fathoms, and 30 Fathoms of Two Inch. The rest of the Cordage and ether Things were wove and sent on Board when I was a Prisoner.

May 30th. Employed rigging the Top Gallant Masts. In the Afternoon an Accodht of the Articles we had received was brought on Board, charging Five Times the Quantity, and Five Times the Sum they cost; in short, I was going to return most of them, but I found if I returned any I must return the Whole. As I had made no Charge against him of my Pork, Iron, Copper, Watch, Stove, Sextant, my Cloaks, Caps, and Charts, which he had deprived me of; on this Account I granted him the Bills he requested. There was another Thing I was obliged to comply with; my Servant being a Manilla Man, by great Promises he got him to enter on Board the Princessa. — I was therefore under the Necessity of discharging him, and paying his Wages up to the Day he wa3 discharged.

May 31st. As I was determined to be detained no longer, I went on Board in the Morning of the 31st, and acquainted Don Stephen Joseph Martinez, that the Moment the Wind favoured me I would sail for the Sandwich Islands. I found there were Objections made. — The Commodore acquainted me, he had Information and was told I intended to go to the Northward. As I had taken great Care not to give the least Hint to

Vol. 45.

any Person of my future intentions, I mentioned, that Intelligent whoever he was that respecting

could not be so well acquainted With the State of my 41

Vessel as he was himself; that by his own Calculation I had not above Six Weeks Provisions; that he had only left me 10 or 12 Bars of Iron, which would only purchase the as many Sea Otter Skins, and if I was even to dispose of them, the Consequence would be but small; we should only be starved before we got to Macao', as be had left us nothing else to purchase bur Hogs with at the Sandwich Islands; besides he had not left me a Chart to carry me to China, let alone along the Coasts of America. My People, I told him, were on high Wages, and that it was necessary for me to make the best of my Way to MaCao, having no other Prospect but to lessen the Expences of the Voyage as much as lay in my Power.

June 1st. I gave Orders to unmoor, and requested he would let me have my great Guns, small Arms, and Ammunition, which he complied with. Captain Kenrtck and Officers having come down from they acquainted me the Columbia would sail the Day following to the Northward. Another Paper was produced, which the Commodore requested I would sign; and to be witnessed by Captain Kendrick and Mr.

Ingraham, the Contents of this Paper they told me was, if my Portuguese Papers were bad the Vessel was to be delivered up at Macao. It was easy to see through those Artifices. I signed the Papfer after the Portuguese Captain, and requested a Copy, but this was not complied with. A Dinner being provided on Board the Princessa, every Method was made use of by Captain Ke?idrick and others, to find out if I intended to touch to the Northward. I gave them the same Answers as before, telling them I had no Intention to throw away the Lives of my People. On this Day they drank my Health, wishing me a good Voyage to Macao, and accompanied it with Thirteen Guns. As soon as Dinner was over I went on Board, accompanied by Captain Kendrick and Officers, and the Spanish Commodore. A light Breeze springing up from the Northward, I gave Orders to get under Way.

The Commodore told me I must leave a Letter fof Captain Funster if he should arrive in Nootka Sound to sell the Schooner. I acquainted him, Captain Funster nor myself had neither Power nor Authority to sell the Schooner; that I would write a Letter and leave it with him, to be delivered in case of his returning to Nootka Sound. I shall here insert a Copy of the Letter I left.

" To Captain Robert Funster, Commander of " the Schooner North-West America.

" Sir,

" On the 6th of May, a Spanish Ship of War " arrived in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, commanded by Commodore Don Stephen Joseph Martinez; on the 13th the Snowr S* Carlos " arrived; on the Morning of the 14th the Iphi* " genia Nubiana was seized, and we were made " Prisoners, it being alleged our Papers were " not good. This being cleared up, I am now " pennitted to sail to Macao, being supplied " with Stores and Provisions to carry me to the " Sandwich Islands. As there is no Account of " Captain Shears, I am afraid some Accident " has happened to him between the Sandwich " Islands and China; if that is the Case you will " be but poorly off for Provisions. My own " Situation prevents me from giving you any " Assistance: I must therefore leave you to your " own good Conduct, being as much at a Loss " how to act as you can be. All that I have 6 F "to

478 13°

" to say is, you will act to the best of your " Judgment for the Benefit of your Employers.

" Iphigenia Nubians, I am,

Friendly Cove, Noolka See.

" Sound, 1 June 1789. . IV. Douglas."

The Moment I had finished my Letter I gave Orders to slip the Hawser, and made Sail out of the Cove, the Fort on Little Hog Island saluting me with Five Guns which I begged to be excused returning. At 3 P. M. the Spanisn Commodore and Captain Kendrick left me and went on Shore. As the Wind was from the Northward I stood to the Southward under all Sail; at Sunset Nootka Sound bore N. HalfW. Distance Seven or Eight Leagues.

June 2d. Having got out of the Hands of my Enemies,

I was now at Liberty to judge for myself; knowing it would be a Length of Time before the Spaniards could have their Snow ready which they intended to send to the Northward, and being of Opinion they would not permit Captain Kendrick to sail before he was ready, the Interval was therefore mine. I had no Idea of running for Macao, with only between Sixty and Seventy

Sea Otter Skins which I had on Board. My People had been accustomed to short Allowance, I therefore gave Orders at Midnight to put the Ship on the other Tack, and stand away to the Northward. I was in

feat Hopes I should fall in with Captain , and

am fully resolved if I do, to take the People and Cargo out of her, and set her on fire, if I find I cannot carry her along with me. At Noon we had thick hazy Weather; Nootka Sound bore N. E. Half E. Distance Fourteen Leagues.

N* 13.

Copies of Letters from iVfr. Duffin to Mr. Mcars.

In Mr. Mcars*s Memorial of 30//1 1790. (N* 9.)

Nootka Sound, July 12th, 1789.

Dear Sir,

I beg to inform you, per Favpur of Mr. Harnett, with our safe Arrival in Nootka Sound, after a pleasant Passage of Nine Weeks and Four Days, during which Time nothing materially happened. We lived in the greatest Harmony and good Friendship during the Time we have been together, and every Thing promised fair fora Continuation of the same, every Officer on Board seeming strenuous for their Employers Interest. We made the Coast of America, July 3d, at Woody Point, and stood along Shore under easy Sail iluring the Night. In the Morning several Natives came off, with the rest Counna Kedah (that was brought by you from Macao to Noot) from him we learnt there were Five Vessels in Friendly Cove, but could not learn of what Nation they were; however he informed ua they had captured tb e North-We American Schooner,

commanded by Mr. Funter. We immediately conjectured that the Vessels were some belonging to Mr. Etches, and the America Ship and Sloop. We made all the Sail we could, intending to get in that Night, if possible. On our nearing the Sound, we saw a Sloop coming out, which we were informed, was the Princess Royal, belonging to our Concern. We then had not the least Doubt but there were some of Mr. Etches Vessels in the Cove. When we were about Two Miles from the Entrance of the Sound, we saw a Boat coming towards us; it was then between Nine and Ten o’Clock, so that wc could not discern of what Country they were. They hailed us in Spanish; and asked if they might be permitted to come on Board.

Mail A. 1790.

They were answered in the Affirmative; on which they came alongside, and the Officer, with several other Gentlemen, stepped up. We found the former to be the Spanish Commodore; those who accompanied him were of his Ship. After having welcomed then! on Board, Captain Colnelt asked them down in the great Cabin; what their Conversation was there I am unacquainted with; but Captain Colnett soon told me his Intention was to go into Friendly Cove, and the Spanish Launch took us in Tow accordingly. About len Minutes after this, came on Board Mr. Barnett, whom I directly introduced to Captain Colnett, who informed him that there was a Spanish Frigate of ad Guns, and a Snow of 16, lying in the Cove, as also the Atnerican Ship and Sloop; that the former had erected a Fort on Hog Island, on which 1C Guns were, mounted, and had taken Possession of the Sound in the Name of his most Catholic Majesty, Carolus the 3d, King of Spain; that they had captured the Schooner, and plundered the Iphigenia Nubiana, but had permitted Captain Hudson to proceed without any Molestation. As the Commodore heard this Intelligence, he immediately gave Captain Colnett his Word and Honour that he would not offer to detain him, but give him every Assistance in his Power, in doing which, he only complied with the King of Spain's Orders. Under these Circumstances, and depending on his Honour, Captain Colnett entered the Cove, and brought up between the Frigate and Snow, though I must add, Mr. Barnet, with others of our Well-wishers, advised us to anchor without Side the Cove* that we might take a View of the surrounding Objects, in the Morning. Every Tiling that Night, and fh© next Morning, seemed to wear a favourable Aspect, no Obstacle arising that might stop our Departure. In the Afternoon Captain Colnett went on Board the Commodore’s Ship, and requested his Permission for go to Sea immediately, which at first was granted,’ but on second Consideration the Commodore desired to see his Papers. Captain Colnett left the Commodore, and came on Board of his own Vessel, where, after having put on the Company’s Uniform, and his Hanger, be took his Papers on Board the Commodore. He was then informed by that Gentleman, that he could not sail that Day, on which some high Word* ensued between them, and Captain Colnett insisted on going out immediately, which he said he would do, unless the Commodore fired a shot at him; if so, ha would then haul down his Colours, and deliver him* self up a Prisoner. Hardly had he uttered tins, but he was put under an Arrest, his Sword taken from him, the Vessel seized, and the Officers and Crew taken out, and sent Prisoners, some on Board the Ship, and the rest on Board of the Snow; but what is most particular, we desired Captain Kendrick to load his Guns with Shot, to take a Vessel that had only Two Swivels mounted, so that it was impossible to make any- Resistance against such Superiority; indeed it would have been Madness to have attempted it The Commodore’s Passion how began to abate a little, and he sent for me from the Saint Carlos, where I was imprisoned. When I came to him, he seemed to profess a very great Friendship for me, and appeared to he exceeding sorry for what he said his Officers compelled him to do. He declared to me, that he had given Captain Colnett Permission to depart, and would have assisted him all in his Power, but that Captain Colnett insisted on erecting a Fort opposite to his, said he represented the King oiGreat Britain, and that he came to take Possession in His Britannic Majesty’s Name. The Spaniard quoted the same, and said he was Representative of his most Catholic Majesty the King of Spain; but I have ©very Reason to suspect there was a Misunderstanding between the Two Parties, for the Linguist spoke English very imperfectly, 01 and

30 Geo. III.

13° jtyfaii.

419

and in all Likelihood interpreted as many tyord$ ^Vfong as right. This is a particular and impartial Recount of "the above Transaction, as it is in mv Pqwer tP relate; but as this will be accompanied by Mr. Funter, and Barnett, who are permitted tq )&ke their Passage in the American Ship, and \yhp \yere ¥ye rWitnesses of pvery Transaction, jt yvill eqablq (tyem tp explain every Particular' concerning it mpre fjcpiicitly tljan I am able to do in Writing. Since qyr bejog captured Captain Colncff has been in a higl) gtatp of Insanity; sometimes he starts, at other Time? Ire asks hpw long he has to live, ryho is to be lyis Ejcqputioner, whyt Death hp is to be put tq, with yj} such delirious Expressions accompanied by a qmbef of simple Ajctiops, wfiich induces me» and every other Person who sees hirp? t? helipye his Brain js turned,

former be means to trade with, a? I am informed he Intelligence sends his Furs to Macao by Captain Kendrick, who also trades for him on Shares. Ntfctka. *

To Captain John Mean.

NootlcaSound, July 13th, 1789.

pear Sjr,

Captain Cqlnefthas bepn ip such a State of Insanity

pvep since thq Vessel has bpen captured by the Spa* nig yds, pipt we are obljged tq confine fiitn to fijs Cabin. He Yesterday pining jumped out of the Cabin Window, and it was with great Difficulty hip Life was saved. constant Cry js that he is cpn-detnned to be hanged. I sincerely hqpe foy his spep.dy

owing to the great Charge that ryas under his Pase; JlacQvery, but am apprehensive he never will recover

and I am sqrry to add? that fie has not fortitude enough, in this critical and disagreeable Situation, pQ support this unexpected Strode, flp hqs delivered 14# his Instructions fpid the S Sea Cqmpany’s Grant, and: requests I will a°t in his Name. I have endea,-

fiis former Senses again- I understand from the Russel that it is a family Disorder, and that tliqy act haye Symptqms of Madna??) more or le^s. I lipve tten the whq)e Traqggqtion concerning oUr Jq<eij)g captured. &c- previously to this, qs minutely a? 9Jt

voured to convince the Spaniprrfp, had wp knpiyq present Cjrcumstancps will permit, for J qm qpprq-this Place had been taken Pps$efsion of by the King of hpn§iyp,.if J am spen \yritiqg, they will tafie my $qo)t,

Paper, ppnp. Ink, $c. from me* £9 that y-fiatpyer I haye jyrjiieq }§ by Stealth; but lyir. Barpeff has beep $9 obliging ps to assist mp as much as lay ip fils fpwer tq d.o jt. was sepn jtyriting ope to*

apd they m)m,ed|tately toqk thp Paper and Ink frqqi bimf ?»<jf tpld him P.rispners had pq Business tq write-prq Tp-mPtrovy tq $>aj) for Bias, wfifi qfil pur Officers and Seqnmn, fi0*1' and Pgrlygme, except those that have entered with the They

have taken of our Stores to themselves, all our Pitch, Tar, Canvas, Twine, some Provisions of all Kinds, our Guns, Ammunition, the chief of our Copper, and many other Articles that we are not acquainted with. All the Officers being Prisoners, some on Board one Vessel, and some on Board the other, we have great Expectations that the Vessel will be delivered up at St. Bias. The Commodore

Spain, vyp jyoqld Wl any Consideration have come near if. I haye likewise wished to persuade him to peruse the South Sea Company’^ Qr^j;, aq$ ppr Instructions, which he refuses, and tells me it would avail nothing now to do it, as his Officers insist on his going on with what he acknowledges he too rashly and hastily began, and without deliberating on what hereafter might be the Consequence. He desired me to inclose the Grant and our Instructions in his Presence; he took and put a small Note with them, and afterwards sealed it with his own Signet. He put it under my Care, desiring that I would deliver it to the Viceroy of Mexico. — The Vessel is going to St. Bias, a Settlement they have in the Lat. of 21* 30' N. on the Coast of California, where we are going, to determine whether we are a Prize to the King of Spain or not; if we are not, as we have every Reason to ex-

pect, she will be delivered up, with every Thing in promises me if she is, every Thing that he has taken to her, and be answerable for all Damages received, or himself shall be replaced at that Port; but there ha9 Stores deficient, since his making a Prize of us; but been a Number of Things taken out of the Vessel by this undoubtedly will be settled between the Two Theft that he knows nothing of; nevertheless, if any. Crowns. and the Vessel is returned, they must undoubtedly make

Captain Colnett, myself, Mr. Temple, and Reid the it good; but you, Sir, and the rest of our Employers, Carpenter, are permitted to remain on Board the Ar- must be great Sufferers, as it has frustrated all our gonaut, Mr. Hanson on Board the Commodore Ship, Expectations. Had not we met with this Misfortune, and Mr. Gibson and Ludlow on Board of the Spanish there were strong Appearances of our procuring a great Snow. Quantity of Furs, as the Americans have no Copj>er

From what I can learn at present, all the Englishmen to purchase with, so that the Natives reserve all their are to be sent in the Argonaut to St. Bias, and Pre- prime Skins, expecting a Copper Ship, parations are now making to accommodate us in that If our Vessel is delivered up to us, our Stores,

Vessel. They have also built Cabins between Decks Trade, &c. returned, you may rest assured I will do

for the Seamen, where they are to be confined in Irons during the Night, but suffered to walk out in the Day. The Officers, I believe, are also to be used in the like Manner. I am at present in Possession of my Cabin, as are also the rest of us, and the Commodore behaves with great Civility, by obliging us in every Liberty that can be expected as Prisoners. Whatever Deficiency may be left concerning our present Transactions, will be explained to you in its true Light by Mr. Funter or Barnett: For I confess that I am very unhappy, unsettled, uneasy, and, in short, feel every Anxiety that is the Companion of a Person involved in so disagreeable a Situation as I am.

I am,

Dear Sir,

Your’s most obediently, (Signed) B.

all that is in my Power for the Benefit of my Employers, and Captain remains in this State of Insanity; if he recovers, he will undoubtedly do the same. I can say nothing more, but beg you will present my Compliments to all enquiring friends, and remain,

Dear Sir,

Your’s, most obediently,

(Signed) B. Duffin.

To Captain John Shears.

Nootka Sound, July 14th, 1789.

Dear Sir,

Yesterday, at 2 P. M. a Sail was seen in the Offing, coming round Breakers Point from the Southward, standing into the Sound: As she neared the Shore, we perceived her to be the Sloop Princess Royal, Captain Hudson. — At 7 she came to an Anchor about Two or P. S. I am sorry to inform you that the Spaniards Three Miles from the Cove, and Captain Hudson him-have taken the chief Part of our Copper, all our Guns, self came into the Cove in his Boat, with Four of his Shot, and Powder, with the spare Canvas, &c. The People, when instantly as he made his Appearance in Vo l. 45. the

480 136 M A. 1790

Intelligent respecting Capture* at Nootku.

the Cove, the Spanish Boat boarded him, and took him and his People on Board the Commodore as Prisoners. His Motive for coming in, from what I could learn from himself, was to see if Captain was there

in order to receive his Orders how he was to proceed in future. Whether Captain s Conduct in this

Proceeding is blameable or not, I leave to your superior Judgment.

We are now out of the Cove into

the Mouth of the Sound, and are positively to sail Tomorrow Mottling for St. Bias. The Sloop is towed into the Cove within all the Shipping; and the Spaniards from every Appearence have finally captured her.

Captain Hudson seems very much hurt from his Misfortune, and candidly declares that it is entirely from his own Simplicity, and being too credulous of the Spaniards Honour, that has brought him into the disagreeable Dilemma.

Captain Coilnett is much better Today, and in general discourses very rationally. I have endeavoured to persuade him to draw out every Particular concerning our being captured, to send to his Employers, which he refuses: His Objection is, that he has involved himself and every one else into Difficulties that he is not able to extricate himself from, and therefore declares to me that he will have no more Concerns with the Charge of the Vessel, but leaves every Thing entirely to me, which I have, but most reluctantly, complied with, knowing that I cannot acquit myself with Satisfaction to myself, nor unr doubtedly more so to my Employers. Nevertheless,

if the Vessel is delivered up at St. Bias, as the Commodore gives me every Reason to hope that she will* I will endeavour to the utmost in my Power to do every Thing in my Power that may be any Ways beneficial to my Employers.

The Commodore wanted Captain Coilnett to sell all his Copper to him, and he would give him Bills 'lor the as he valued it, which Captain Coilnett

had complied with; but I objected, as I thought if his Orders tolerated him to capture the Vessel, they would undoubtedly tolerate him to capture the Cargo likewise. We are deficient in a great Deal of Copper, as I mentioned in my former, but Mr. Barnett will be able to inform you 1 imagine where it goes to.

Accompanying this, I send under the Care of Mr. Barnett a Copy of my Journal from , wherein you will find the principal Occurrences that have happened to us since our Departure. I have nothing more to add; neither have I Opportunity to do it, the Vessel being continually crowded with People from the different Ships, so beg you will present my Compliments to Mr. M‘Intire, and every other Gentleman in Macao; and remain,

Dear Sir, most obediently your’s,

B. Dnffin.

To Captain John Shears.

N41

4

Nf 14.

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o,

o

A STATEMENT of the Actual and Probable Losses sustained by the Associated Merchants of London and India, by the Capture of their Ships.

In Mr. Meares's Memorial of 30th April 1790. (N° 10.)

ACTUAL LOSSES. Spanish Dollars. PROBABLE LOSSES. Spanish Dollars.

To Cash paid the Crew of the Iphigenia, on their Return to China, being near Two Years Wages, and other incidental Expences incurred, for which To Value of the Cargo which probably would have been collected by the Iphigenia, j,000 Sea Otters Skins, at 100 Dollars per Skin - - - 100,000

Vouchers have been obtained 15»534

To Cash paid the Crew of the North West America, being near Two Years Wages, on their Return to China, for which Vouchers have been obtained 3*7*9 To the Value of the Cargo which would probably have been obtained by the North West America, 1,000 Sea Otters Skins, at 100 Dollars per Skin - 100,000

To the Equipment of the Ship Argonaut, for which Vouchers have been obtained - -- - 39,816 To the Value of the Cargo which would probably have been obtained by the Princess Royal, 1,000 Sea Otters Skins, at 100 Dollars per Skin 100,000

To the Equipment of the Princess Royal, for which Vouchers are ready to be produced - -- To the Value of the Cargo which would probably have been obtained by the Argonaut, 2,000 Skins, at 100 Dollars per Skin 200,000

To the Cargo of Sea Otter Skins seized on Board the Princess Royal, being 473, at 100 Dollars per Skin ----- --- To 12 Sea Otters Skins detained for the particular Use of Mr. Martinez, at the same Valuation ----- ----- 47,300 1,200 To the Loss and Destruction of the Commerce of the Associated Merchants - To the particular Loss of the Vessel of 30 Tons, in Frame, on Board the Argonaut, and of the Furs she would probably have obtained -

To the Agent’s Expences in returning to England - 2,000

To Insurance on the Principal Stock, at 20 per Cent, the usual Premium To the Loss of the Officers Charts, Journals, Nautical Instruments, Cloathing, private Goods, &c. the Amount of which cannot now be ascertained To the Amount of Wages due to all the Servants of the Associated Merchants now in Captivity, from the Time of their Sailing to the Time of their Return - -- To the Value of the North West America, on the Coast of America - 23,864 20,000 *

Spanish Dollars - - - 153,433 [ [ Spanish Dollars - - - 500,000

gr

8-S|sr E-gS S

fi|1

ft" 3

30 Geo. III. 13 ? Mm,481

Intelligence respecting Captures at Nootka*

*al/ 281b.

482 133Man. 1790.

N* 15-

Inventory of the Goletthe Property of Don Juan Caw also and Company, of Macao.

In Air. Meats'sMemorial of 30th 1790. (N* 11.)

Translated fro ml Inventory, taken by Order of the Com-tht Spanish. / mancjanj j)on Stephen Joseph

of the Hull, Masts, Tackle, Stores,

Necessaries, and Articles, belonging to

the Vessel (la Goleta) being the Property of D" John and Com-

pany, of Macao, which is at Anchor in the River of this Port, and is as follows; viz*.

First. Her Hull rotten, eaten thro’ by the Worm, as appears by the Survey made by the Master’s Carpenter and Caulker Ferdinand Campusano and Francis Joseph de Castro, upon the First and Following Page.

And her Main-mast, Fore-mast, & Bolt-sprit, without Top-masts or Poles.

And Two Flooks for the Fore-mast and Main-mast And the Tackle for both Masts, which being of Hemp can only serve for Oakum or Tow, being rotten And her Rudder or Flelm, serviceable And her Binnacle, with a Compass And a small Iron Anchor

And a with Two Pieces of Cable, from 40

’ Braces long, for Cables of middle Dimensions Braces And Two larger ones And Two Fore-sails And One Round-sail And One Top-sail And One Togue And some Pieces of old Cable And Six Iron Guns, Caliber 2

And Six Gun Carriages, 20 Balls of 2, & 20 Ditto smaller And Three Copper Swivel Guns, with their Keys And One Ditto, without Key And Five Musquets with Bayonets, & 300 Balls And Six Pistols

And Half Cuiiete of fine Gunpowder, which is supposed to weigh an Arroba *.

And another Ditto of common Gunpowder And 160 Short Iron Swords, of a small Palm in Length, and Four Fingers Breadth And 10 Coopers Hatchets And 20 Carpenters Ditto

or Ingots

And 10 Slips — of the Iron called Platina, which

computed

is supposed to weigh Two Quintals And 78 short Pieces of Iron, computed to weigh One Quintal

And Three large Iron Bare, about One Brace in Length, 8 Inches Breadth, & Six Inches in Thickness, which served instead of Ballast, and computed to weigh 699*. And 13 small Water Casks And 1 Ditto for a Provision of Water And 1 Barrel of Pork And 2 Ditto, empty, all in Pieces And 8 old small Pewter Dishes, some of them broken And One Iron Pot, of Cast Iron, Frying-pan & Stewpan of Ditto

la Goleta

On Board the Vessel at Anchor in the River of this Port of St. Lawrence of Nootka, 11 th June 1789 — Joseph Tovar & Tamariz, Robert Funter, Thomas Barnet.

Raphael de Canizares.

This is a literal Copy of the Original, Triplicates whereof were signed by the above-mentioned Persons, and which is left in my Care to transmit to H. E. the

03

Vice Roy of New Spain, for his superior Determination. Dated as above.

Raphael de Canizares.

I Don Stephen Joseph Martinez, Ensign of the Ship belonging to the Royal Navy, and Commander in Chief of the Vessels of his Catholic Majesty upon this Coast, & in the Port of St. Lawrence of Nootka, do declare. That I have received from Capt. D" Robert Funter, & Pilot D" Thomas Barnet, every Article contained in the preceding Inventory, as being the Property of I)n John Cawallo & C°, of Macao, until the Determination of his Excy the Vice Roy of New Spain, to whom I have given an Account by this Date, for his superior Orders; and at the Request of the said Concerned, I gave the present Receipt, on Board this Frigate, the nder my Command, in the Port of Saint Lawrence of Nootka, 13th July 1789.

Stephen Joseph Martinez.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Uninclosed Fields, Arable Lands, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments fdllowing were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 17. After " made " to insert " and also " all Exchanges already made " of any Lands or Estates within " the said Parish, by any Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and which shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, and specified in their " said Award."

1. 24. To leave out " shall," and insert " made or to" instead thereof.

1. 26. After " Parish " to insert " shall be " valid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and in the Parish

of Heanor, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Greville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Sij- William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections, and to establish a Market with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberstone and Pill, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

Hutton Bushell In* closure Bill passed.

Heanor and Codnor Inclosure Bill presented.

Sir William Hamilton’s Bill presented.

Committee on Jamaica, &c. Free Forts Act.

Reported*

Bill ordered.

Bill for changing the Sentence on Women, committed.

Sir John Rid dell's Name, $c. Bill read.

30 Geo. III. 13° Man.

483

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego " Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada,

" in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and " in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " dence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, w'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

" nah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the " Island of Jamaica, in the Port of George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports " of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and " Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port " of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the " Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the " Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, " one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for changing the Sentence now required by Law to be passed on Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Sentence in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of

Vol. 45.

Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Courtcwn reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would Addre®s* be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Pensions be allowed to such Persons as have suffered during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in ' consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, whose Losses of Income, arising from Offices or Professions, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses*of the American Loyalists (and who are not already adequately provided for) in the Proportion of Fifty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty per Cent, for every One hundred Pounds of such Income, above Four hundred Pounds) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Aleans-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Bill»* Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Morjiington, the Lord Bay ham, the Lord Apsley, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Captain Thompson do attend the Com- Capt.Thomp* mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to son to attend consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which ^"a(le have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Motion for liam Knox, Patentee for Life under the Great Seal of referiing Great Britain,of the Office of Secretary of the late

British Colony, now State of New York, and of James petition to a

Ford, Patentee of the Office of Provost Marshall of Committee. Georgia, on Behalf of themselves, and other Proprie- ^L-g‘ tors of Patent Offices in the late British Colonies, now American States, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

A. 1790.

13° — 14* Mail

Bill to remit Sentences of Offenders transported, presented.

Intelligence respecting Captures at Nootka to be printed.

African Slave Bill deferred.

Address respecting Appointments, Ac. of Am b&ssadors to Spain.

Mr. Secretary Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time "\/f R- John reported from the Committee, to Bromhan Tomorrow Morning. -1VJ. whom the Bill for amending, widening, and Ronds bid

keeping in Repair, the Road from Bromham Bridge, in rel,orled-Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading several Papers, which were this Day presented to the from IVto in the County of

House by Mr. Bernard,be printed, as shall be sufficient Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike for the Use of the Members of the House. Road at or near the South End of the Town of

Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same Tuesday last, for taking into further Consideration, To- County, was committed; That the Committee had morrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for same to be true; and that the Committee had gone a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to unto, which they had directed him to report to the " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftermade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at " An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the ship- the Clerk’s Fable: Where the Amendments were Once " ping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by " the Coast of Africa," was committed, might be One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, read. were agreed to by the House.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next. A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec- Westminster

tual several Acts, made for paving, cleansing, and Paving Bill Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, committed. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts give Directions that there be laid before this House, adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein men-an Account of the Dates of the several Appointments tioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Of Ambassadors from His Majesty to the Court of Management of Committees, to be Annually chosen Spain, since the Conclusion of the last Peace, and of by the Parish or Precinct wherein such Streets are the Periods of the respective Residence of such Am- situate, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, bassadors at the Court of Spain; and also, the Amount Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, in the of the Salaries, and all other Emoluments whatsoever, said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes, received by, or due to, the said Ambassadors re- was read a Second Time.

spectively. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mi-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His ehaelAngelo Taylor, Mr. Brett, See.: And' they are to Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. Speaker's Chamber.

Veneris, 14* die;

t

Anno 30* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1790. Prayers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-on Statement ing^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Claimsde*11 House, to consider further of the Statement of the ferred. Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-on Importa- ing) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tXZr Souse. to consider of the Importation, from any of the deferred. Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, from Ireland, for the Purpose ®f Manure.

Lottery Bill Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of deferred. tbs whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The I»rd« Mr. Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An De Luc’s Act for naturalizing Francoise Antoinette De Luc; Nat-without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds and Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary Navigation the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An chcndle Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Road Bill. Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whychurch, Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, &c. luctosure certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a cer- Retain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and LitSomerford, in the County of Wilts;without any Amendment: And

also.

The

30 Geo. ill.

14* Mm.

4&j

Pule liin Road Bill, wiih an Amend-

The Lords have passed Schonberg’s Nat. Bill.

East Wre-tham Exchange Bill*

White’s Estate Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint

Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing August Leberecht Sckonberg; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of end to the Consolidated or United Rectories of All Saints

and Creeling Saint Olaves, in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of East Wrelham, in the County of Norfolk; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees, in the mean Time, to grant Building and Repairing Leases; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Schonbergfs An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wat. Bill for naturalizing August Leberecht Schonberg, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

.Amendment the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in-

Boad Bill" ut An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers

»ff for Two* certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town Months. of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'Pr. 4. 1. 32. Leave out from " pass " to " And in 1. 40.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Hitchin Road Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Bill ordered. for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through S to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford: And that Mr. Plumr and the Lord Grim ton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Answer to The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Address. their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

St. James’s Sir ArchibaldEdtnonsto reported from the Com-

J*ur,al mittee, to whom the Bill to amend art Act, of the last

r.DOrted Session of Parliament, for providing an additional

Bufial Ground for the Parish of James, -minster, and erecting a ^Chapd adjoining thereto, and

Vo l. 45.

also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying die Dead, Was committed; That the Committee had examihed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; ana he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. j Planter presented to the House, according to HitchinRoad

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Bl11 Pre‘ Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the sente '

Town of Hitchin, through She ford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford:

And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Bramslon reported from the Committee, to CornRegula-whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and tion Bill re-Ex porta tion of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty ported,andre-on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on co,nmrt British Corn exported, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council, of the City of Glasgow; and also, the Petition of the Directors of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures established by Royal Charter in the City of Glasgow, and representing the Trading Interest of the West of Scotland, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had gone through the Bill, and mads several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir George Young, of the Royal Navy, Several Per-do attend the Committee of the whole House, to sonstoattend whom it is referred to consider further of the Circum- Committee stances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several j"adgVe Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Howe, Esquire, do also at-

tend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. James do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Sampson do also attend!

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Rees do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Millar do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Bell do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Hills, of the Royal Navy, do also attend the said Committee.

6 H,

White's Estate Dill read.

Lottery Bill reported.

Bill for raising One Million presented.

American and East Florida Sufferers Bill presented.

Jamaica, Sec. Free Ports Bill presented.

486

l46 Mail.

A. 1790.

Ordered, That Captain Smith, of the Royal Navy, do also attend the Said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Stuart do also attend the said Committee.

An ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees in the mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from th said Committee, the Amendments which the Co m mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the.carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing " the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa " Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of " Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port " of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the " Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence,

" One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering

06

on the Province of Quebec: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Committee Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- on instiliejy jesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Atlt"

" Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines " and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties " in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of " the making and vending British Spirits, as well for " Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for " destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits,

" after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in " His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands " of Ferentosk, in the County of and for

" discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " the West Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to declare, that Brewers " selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask,

" containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be " entitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise " for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances " to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt,

" Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by " an Act of the last Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Honse will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising House ad-of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning j°"rn« to next. Mo,day-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BilL Bill for Relief for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain: of lh« Coast-And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. ward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney Genera], Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Haxckins,

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Bill to remit Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places be- Sentence* oi yond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, <-)fie"ders , may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such C(^mtted.’ Offenders, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

Committee on Statement of American Claims.

Committee <in Importation of Rape Seed, &c.

Motions respecting the Host India Company.

SO Geo. III. 14° Mail. 48f

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Statement.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation, from any of the Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, from Ireland, for the Purpose of Manure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Relief to the " Uuited Company of Merchants of England trading " to the East Indies, by allowing further Time for the " Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, " to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain " Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to " make a Dividend of Four Pounds Centum to the " Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred

" and Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India " Goods," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the East India Company do pay ana discharge the Sum of 300,000 /., mentioned in the said Act, with all Interest and Charges thereon, on or before the 1st Day of January next, so that the Public may not

continue in the Security for the same;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King and Queen

Mary, intituled, "An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Vox.. 45.

Ships and Vessels, and tlpoh Beer1, Ale, arid other " Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons " as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen " hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on " the War against France" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the Sum of 300,000 /., advanced upon the said Exchequer Bills, or any Part thereof, was not repaid by the East India Company on or before the 6th Day of April 1786;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdler, for the Yeas, {*£; } 39-

Teller, for the Noes, {^; } 7°'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that no Provision was made out of the Aids and Supplies of 1786 for satisfying and discharging the said Sum due on such Exchequer Bills;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed, That after the 5th Day of July 1786, the said Sum of 300,0001, became charged or chargeable on the Sinking Fund, now called the Consolidated Fund;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in the Month of March 1789, the Sum of 300,000 I. wasi paid into the Exchequer by the East India Company, and that in the Month of March 1790, a further Sum of 200,000 /. was paid into the Exchequer by the said Company, stated to be Monies paid on Account of His Majesty’s Forces in the East Indies;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, after paying the Debts due to His Majesty enumerated in the said Act, the East India Company were bound to have applied all clear Profit, arising either on the Territorial Acquisitions or Trade of the said Company, to the Payment of the said 300,000 /., until the same, and all Interest and Charges thereon, should have been fully discharged;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the neglecting to make Provision out of the Supplies for the Year 1786, and before the 5th of July in the said Year, for the Payment of the said Sum of 300,000 /., which became due and payable on the 6th Day of April 1786, and by that Means making the Sinking or ConsolidatedFund charged and chargeable with the said Exchequer Bills, was an irregular Proceeding, and a dangerous Precedent;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, when and as soon as the said Sums of 300,000l. and of 200,000l., respectively, were paid into the Exchequer by the East India Company, the Order of Payment, and the Appropriation, directed by the Act of

Lawries Estate Bill committed.

Temple r’s Estate Bill committed.

Selby's, Sec. Estate Bill committed.

488 14° — 17° Mail A. 1790.

of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, immediately attached upon those Sums so paid by the said India Company, and that the Application of those Monies to any other Purpose, except the said 300,000l., and cancelling the said Exchequer Bills, was contrary to Law;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the East India Company ought forthwith to pay and discharge the said Sum of 300,000 with all Interest and Charges thereon, so that the Public may not continue in the Security for the same;

It passed in the Negative.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the aaid Bill.

An iagrosaed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act East Wre-to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William tham Ex-Calhoun, Esquire, with the Provo6t and College of Eton, cha"6* liI*1 of the Advowsou and Right of Patronage of and to the , BU Consolidated or Linked Rectories of Creeling All Saints and Creeting Saint Olavcs, in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of East Wretham, in tho County of Norfolk, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned titt Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 17° die Mati;

Anno 30* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing the Lands of tinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of and

others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret of

Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Esquire, of Redcastle, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions, and Limitations as arc mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Redcastle and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Mprgpret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the County of Wigton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

MDouall, Mr. Brett, &c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Tempter, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

William Lemon, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Calterick and Tunstall, in the County of York, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which (lie said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the *$th Day of this Instant May, resolve

A Bill to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the Sir William most honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Hamilton'* Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections, and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubbcrstone and Pill, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gilbei't, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Heaoor and or Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties Codnor In-of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of , in the cll’sure Bl11

County of Derby, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Brett,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at" Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom Banbury the Bill for taking down the Church and Tower be- ehurch Bill longing to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of rePorted-Orjord, and for re-building the same, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Walker: hav« agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Denbigh and Act for more effectually amending, widening, and MoUtRoad keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of , BlU*

to the Turnpike Road between Northop and *

and from Ajon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stirling and Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumbarton Stirling and Dumbarton', without any Amendment: RoaJaIiill. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stirling Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, ltoads Bill, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, in the said

County

.30 Geo. III.

It0 M

489

Peterborough Paving Bill.

Goldsmiths

Bill.

Forth and Clyde Navigation Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords Lave passed

AVest Wreth-am Exchange Bill.

West Wreth-am Exchange Bill read.

County of Stirling; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and otherwise improving the City and Township of Peterborough; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing " Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported,

" and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver

wrought Plate made in Great as relates

to the marking of Silver Wares; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords h^ve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth arid Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and Nicholas, of Cambrulge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of H in the County of Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Hepuorth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of West in

the County of Norfolk; to whiyh the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

SaintJames’s An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, of the last Ground Bill Session °* Parliament, for providing an additional Bu-p'assed. rial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

rieikenwell Mr. Mairrwaring reported from the £ommittee, to

o.cich Bill whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the reported. Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act,

made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for, pulling " down the Church of Saint James, at in

" the County of Middlesex, and for building a new " Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues " and Passages thereto," was committed; and to

whom the Petition of James Holmes and William dard, Proprietors of certain Premisses in the Parish of Saint James, at Clerkenxvcll, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

Vol. 45.

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Phe/ips presented to the House, according to Bill for the Order, a Bill to provide for the Custody and Employ- Custody mid ment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such presented. ’ Offenders may be confined: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Church and Hackney Tower belonging to the Parish of Haclmey, in the Church Bill County of Middlesex, and for building another Church Pa*sed-

and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for enlarging the Cemetery, or Church Yard, belonging thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery, or Church Yard.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sh-John Rid-to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Sur- dell’s Name, name and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of ^'(e^ com" Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting . -certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

llesolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St.

John, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and Bromham keeping in Repair, the Road from Bromham , in K°atls

the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading Passed-from Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same County, was read the Third

Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the East End of Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the ltoad from the said Turnpike Road at or near the SoutM* End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newp Pagnell, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 I ’,

Mr. Poison to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Account of Appointments, dec. of Ambassadors to Spain, presented.

Returns of Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants, &c. presented.

Scotch Election Bill put olfforThree Months.

Report on Distillery Acts.

490 17° Mail A. 1790.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Poison do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Burges presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Dates of the several Appointments of Ambassadors from His Majesty to the Court of Spain, since the Conclusion of the last Peace, and of the Periods of the respective Residence of such Ambassadors at the Court of Spain, and also the Amount of the Salaries, and all other Emoluments whatsoever, received by, or due to, the said Ambassadors respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 15th of July 1789.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. tlenry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines " and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties " in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for " Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for " destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in " His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands " of Fercntosh, in the County of Inverness; and for " discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " the West Indiesand also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to declare, that Brewers " selling Beer^or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask, " containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be " entitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits " from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties " imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowances be made to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trades House of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported; and Setting forth, That although the avowed Purpose of the said Bill is to subject all Britain to one and the same Law in that necessary and important Article, it contains Clauses depriving the Petitioners of the Benefit derived from the Privilege of regulating Importation by the Prices in each County separately, and at the same Time continuing a Discrimination betwixt the Two Kingdom in the Article of Oat-meal, which is of the first Importance to the People of Scotland, equally subversive of the Meaning and Spirit of the Union, and their Rights as British Subjects, as contrary to Justice and sound Policy: That the Privilege granted by the Com Law at present in Force in that Country, of regulating the Importation by the Prices in each County separately, has had the most beneficial Consequences, has been proved not only by the Establishment and rapid Improvement of several valuable Branches of Manufacture in the West of Scotland, which give Bread to some Hundred Thousands of industrious People, for whose Subsistence Importation is always necessary, but also by a correspondent Improvement of Agriculture, and Rise in the Rent and Value of Land, to all which, as well as to the Peace and Quiet of the Country, the Petitioners are apprehensive of the most serious Consequences, if the District in which they are classed be not as much confined in Point of Extent as possible, and every Discrimination betwixt the Two Kingdoms removed; and that, independent of the Distress apprehended from the said Clauses to their Manufactures and Commerce, and the Danger of Scarcity and popular Commotions, the Petitioner beg Leave to represent, that subjecting that Part of the United Kingdom to a separate Regulation respecting Oat-meal, and especially when it is considered that such Regulation must have the same Effect to raise the Price of it in Scotland above that of England, is not only subversive of the Right which every Subject of Britain has to the Enjoyment of eqnal Laws, especially in Matters of Trade and Commerce, but may be drawn into a Precedent to justify a partial Tax of the raw Materials of their Manufactures (to which Grain, and all Kinds of Provisions, are precisely similar) or any other Commodity in particular Districts of the Kingdom, altogether irreconcileable to the Rules of Justice and sound Policy: And therefore praying the House to afford such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Merchants House of Glasgow was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

A Petition

Petition agaiaet the Coru Regulation Bill.

Ditto.

Petition against the Corn kegu lation Bill

Ditto.

30 Geo. III. 17° Man. 491

A Petition of the Annual Committee of the Convention of Royal Boroughs of Scotland was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same contains Regulations for Scotland, particularly relating to the Article of Oat-meal, not only different from those to be established in England, but obviously and essentially injurious to that Country: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the exceptionable Parts of the said Bill, and that such Relief may be afforded in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of Greenock, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Importation of Oat-meal into Scotland was prohibited, unless where the Price of that Article exceeded Sixteen Shillings per Boll, while the same Commodity was allowed to be imported into England when the Price of middling British Oats amounted to Sixteen Shillings per Quarter; and that, by the said Bill, it is proposed to continue the 6ame Prohibition, and, as Oat-meal constitutes a principal Part of the Food of the Poor, the Labourer, and of those who are employed in the Fisheries in Scotland, the Petitioners submit it to the House, that it would be highly impolitic and unjust to continue the Import Price of that Commodity more than Twenty per Cent. higher to the Inhabitants of Scotland, than to their Fellow Subjects in England, and therefore the Importation of Oat-meal into Scotland ought to be permitted, in all Time coming, when the Price of middling British Oats amounts to Sixteen Shillings per Quarter; and that, by the aforesaid Act, the Importation and Exportation of Grain into the different Counties of Scotland were to be regulated by the Price of Grain in each particular County, but by the said Bill it is proposed to divide Scotland into Districts, and to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Grain by the Average Prices in each District: That, in particular, the District in which the Town of Greenock is to be comprehended is proposed to consist of the Counties of Lanark, Renfrew, Dumbarton, Argyle, Ayr, Bute, the Western

Island, and the West Coasts of the Counties of -vemess, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness, but, the Petitioners submit it to the House, that the Price of Grain in the plentiful County of or in the

thinly Inhabited Western Islands, and the West Coasts of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness, where the greatest Part of the Corn produced is of an inferior Quality, ought not to regulate the Importation of Grain into the County of which, though of small Extent, contains the populous Towns of Paisley, Renfrew, Po and Greenock, besides many Villages, and the Petitioners trust, that the House will see it just, that the Importation of Grain into the County of Renfrew ought either to be regulated by the Price in the County itself, or at least by the Average Price of Grain in Renfrew, Lanark, Dumbarton, Ayr, Argyle, and Bute, the Coun-

ties immediately adjoining; and that the Petitioners observe, that the Port of Greenock is omitted in the said Bill as a Port where Grain may be Warehoused when the Ports are shut, although by far the greatest Part of the Grain consumed on both Sides of the Frith of Clyde is imported at that Port, and for that Reason the Petitioners submit to the House the Propriety of appointing the Port of Greenock amongst those in which Gram may be Warehoused when the Ports are shut: And therefore praying the House to alter or amend the said Bill in the above Particulars, or to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem just, and to allow the Petitioners to be Vol.4&

heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of the Premises.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Petition of Paisley, in Common Council assembled, was like- "ga'wtdw wise presented to the House, and read; also taking ^>'"n Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That several Parts and Clauses thereof are calculated to establish a Discrimination betwixt England and Scotland, altogether incompatible with the Meaning and Spirit of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, and with the Petitioners Rights as British Subjects entitled to the Participation of equal Laws with their Fellow Subjects of England, especially in Matters relating to Trade and Commerce, and which, if passed into a Law, will be peculiarly injurious to the important Manufactures carried on in Paisley and its Neighbourhood, as the County of Renfrew doth not produce Grain sufficient to supply the Inhabitants above Four Months in the Year: And therefore praying the House to allow them to be heard, by Counsel, against the unequal and exceptionable Parts of the said Bill, and to afford such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard by Counsel are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Consolidated Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Fund Bill Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for PreseBled-applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Coasting Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Trade Kill Great Britain: And the same was received; and read Presented* the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Scotch Disorder, a Bill for making Allowances to Distillers of tdlery Bill Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Presented* Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have American suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late and East Flo, unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Ulilj^,n' British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve

Dill for rqisi g One Million committed.

Jamaica, &c. Free Port* Bill committed.

Committee on Consolidation Act*

reported.

Bill ordered.

492 17 9 Mail 17&).

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon on Goods exported to Yucatan: And that Mr.

the said Bill. Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the

sarnie.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men- Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Report ou tioned, was read a Second Time. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Statement of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. referred to consider further of the Statement of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Con* of the whole House. missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Services of the American Loyalists up to the 2.5th of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already upon the said Bill. granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for

Consideration of Parliament, the Resolution which the A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty- Committee had directed him to report to the House; seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered intituled, "An Act for allowing the importation and in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; *

" Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchan- and is as followeth; viz.

" dize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Annuity u>

" Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of That the Annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds be ^IrJamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of granted to His Majesty, out of the Consolidated Fund, DesceudaI‘ts " Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of to commence from the 5th Day of january 1790, and " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island to be settled on the Heirs and Descendants of the late " of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the " under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and Province of Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meri-for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods torious Services of the said William Penn, and of the and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, was read of the unhappy Dissentions in America. a Second Time. The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee House, of the whole House. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Resolution: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, upon the said Bill. and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several " Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, " together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the " French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying " certain Unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the " Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement at Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement at Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mn-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to ?a6e respect-this House, signed by His Majesty: And be presented ^1^0CU)r the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth;

GEORGER.

His Majesty being desirous of conferring a special Mark of His Favour on the Reverend Doctor Willis, by granting him a Pension of One thousand Pounds a Year, net, for Twenty-one Years, but not having the Means of rendering such Grant effectual without the Assistance of Parliament, recommends it to His faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to settle such a Pension, for the Term proposed, in the most effectual Manner, on the said Doctor Willis, his Heirs, or Assigns.

R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Rcw-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- lutlnnarejj,e ferred to consider of the Importation, from any of the importation Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, of Rape of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Seed, &c. Oil, and of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, from Ireland, for the Purpose of Manure, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Last, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of Seventeen Pounds Ten Shillings per Last, be laid upon the Importation from any of

His

30 Geo. III. 17° Mail

His Majesty's Provinces in North America of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds, used for extracting Oil.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for the Purpose of Manure, be allowed to be imported from any of His Majesty’s Provinces in North America, Duty-free.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Pill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Sleek, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately7, resolve in-r'new ra°" ikelf *nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider Settlers in of encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies America. and Plantations in America.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to mote the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America: And that Mr. Gilbert and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve «>n Importa- itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Cashew Cium *ie Importation of Cashew Gum from His Majesty’s from the West India Islands.

West Indies. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he w-as directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation Of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Inlands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega: And that Mr; Gilbert and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve «n Wine arid itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider u'uors118 the Duties now payable upon Licences for retailing

Licences Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing dis*

Batiei. tilled Spirituous Liquors.

Vol. 45.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bl11 to

empower

upon the Bill to empower Justices and other Persons, to justices, &c. visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Hbdses, and examine to visit and certify the State and Condition of the Poor to the Workhouse*. Quarter Sessions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the repotted, said Cohnnittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Thble: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lise of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Slave Trade Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have beeh presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mbm- Bill to remit ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 01

upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to authorise transported. His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places deferred, beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °j? Statement to consider further of the Statement of the Claims ex- claim?lCan aihined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners deferred, appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of 1790,

and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration Of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow

Mominer, Ten of the Clock.

b K

Banbury Church Bill passed*

White's Estate Bill Qpinmitted.

Estcourt’s Estate Bill committed.

Schonberg's Nat. Bill committed.

Trial of MrJiastings.

IB6 Man. A. 1790,

Were called over; and they went to the Places in mimier appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

AN ingrossed Bill for taking down the Church and Then the Members were called over by the Clerk*

Tower belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the by their Counties, as usual; and they went into County of Oxford, and for re-building the same, was minster Hall accordingly, the Third Time. And, being returned;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mi*. Speaker resumed the Chair, be, An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and

Tower, belonging to the Parish oiBanbury, in the County A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and The Lords of Oxford, and for re-building the same. Mr. Walker: have agreed

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bill to the Mr. Speaker, 10

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sloane Street

Act for forming, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Paving Bill. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and other public Passages and Places, within a cer-for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen tain District in the Parish of Luke, Chelsea, in White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for and Hertfordshire, in Trustees.to be sold, and for laying otherwise improving the same; without any Amend-out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled ment: And also,

to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees in the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East Grin-mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was for re-building the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in >e.ul Church read a Second Time. the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And Bl11'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley also Knight, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tickton In-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, cloture Bill. Chamber. in the County of York; without any Amendment:

And also,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act The Lord have commanded us to acquaint this House, The Lord* for vesting certain Parts of the.settled Estates of Thomas That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in will proceed Estcourt, Esquire, in the Counties ot Gloucester and Wilts, the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, presently, in ^asiincs’s in Trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying Westminster Trial.

out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, And then the Messengers withdrew, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the

Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances, was read a Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Second Time. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Mr. Hasting*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Grimston, Mr. Galley Knight, See.: And they are to Hall, and Summon the Members there to attend their meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Service in the House immediately.

Speaker’s Chamber. And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and for naturalizing August Leberecht Schonberg, was read the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers, a Second Time. And he went accordingly; and returned.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this W odehouse, Mr. Brett, 8cc.: And they are to meet this House, to go into the Places appointed for the Members Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same Chamber. of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if

any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this their Service in the House immediately; and, if he House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their his Custody.

Service in the House immediately. And he went accordingly.

And he went accordingly; and returned. And being returned, he reported, That there was no

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Person in the said Places or Passages;

House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, And the Names of the Members, appointed to be and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

And he went accordingly; and returned. were called over; and they went to the Places in West-

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this minster Hall appointed for them.

House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same* the whole House, in order to be present at the said of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if Trial.

any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

their Service in the House immediately; and, if he Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by

find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into Hall accordingly, his Custody. And, being returned;

And he went accordingly. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Wilson’s

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be whom the ingrosed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ®|U . Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wilson, pXsed? ’"D

Esquire,

Mart is, 18* die Mail t Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790. PUAYEBS.

IS6 M,

4>95

Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

L-trds The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 8. Leave out from "thereof" to "And" in 1. 36.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House divided; The Yeas w'ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

| Mr. Francis,

| Mr. Michael Angelo I Taylor:

25.

to Forth and Clyde Navigation Bill agreed to.

11 itch in

Ruud hill committed.

The Lords Rave

agreed to

Glamorganshire Canal

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through to the Turnpike

Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, the Lord Grimston,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill, with an from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called men men Bank,near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Mr. Hastings’ The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in

the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, printing the That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Account Hates of the several Appointments of Ambassadors Ambassadors from His Majesty to the Court of Spain, since the to Spain. Conclusion of the last Peace, and of the Periods of the ^>eg- respective Residence of such Ambassadors at the Court of Spain, and also the Amount of the Salaries, and all other Emoluments whatsoever, received by, or due to, the said Ambassadors respectively, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

Vol. 45.

Tellers for the Noes. { *"'*'*} 68.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cirencester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Bathurst, commonly called Lord Apsley, who, since his Election for the said Borough, has become entitled to, and accepted of, the Office of One of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Petition from and Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the County Dumfries of Dumfries, in a General Meeting, held the 14th Day of this Instant May, was presented to the House, Regulation and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, Bill, in the Bill now depending in the House for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, that the County of Dumfries is included in the Thirteenth District, which consists, besides, of the Counties of Stirling,

Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, Peebles,'and of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and that the Fourteenth District consists of the Counties of Argyle, Dumbarton, Lanerk, Renfrew,

Bute, Ayr, and Wigton; and Alleging, That the County of Dumfries is a Maritime County, situated on the South West Coast of Scotland, bordering with the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and the other Counties of the Fourteenth District, all likewise situated upon the Western Coast; and that as there is no Intercourse in the Trade or Commerce of Grain between the County of Dumfries and the Counties of the Thirteenth District, but on the other Hand a constant Communication and Commercial Intercourse in Grain with the different Counties of the Fourteenth District, the Petitioners apprehend that the County of Dumfries must suffer a considerable Injury from being classed separately from those Counties with which they are naturally and immediately connected: And therefore praying the House to alter that Part of the Bill by which the County of Durtfries is classed in the Thirteenth District, and to include them in the Fourteenth District, with the Counties of Argyle, Dumbarton, Lanerk, Renfrew', Bute,

Ayr, and Wigton, as most suitable to their Situation,

'and essentially necessary to the Welfare and Prosperity of the County of Dumfries.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That the Ordei1 of the Day, for the House Committee -to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on King’s take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message re-Message of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty’s Recom- r‘

mendation for settling a Pension of One thousand Pounds a Year, net, for Twenty-one Years, on the Reverend Doctor Willis, his Heirs, or Assigns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from, the Committee, That he

was

reported.

Bill ordered.

Committee on Statement of American Claims deterred.

Corn Regulation Bill deferred.

Bill for enlarging the Time for naming Nominees under Tontine Act, ordered.

Committee on Bill to rentit Sentences of Offenders transported.

496 18° Mail A. 1790.

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Hrs Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of the Lord Bayham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring hi, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resdlved, That this House will, Tomorrow’ Morning, reSolte itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in " Classes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill for enlarging the Time for Persons to name their Nominees under the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Eduard James Eliot, the Earl of ington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, to ay be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rase took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report, the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Bill for Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity settling an for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province Descendants of Pensylvania,in Consideration of the meritorious Ser- presented,

vices of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Yucatan a Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from Goods Bill the Settlement of Yucatan,in South America, and sbld Pre3emeU-by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, Cashew according to Order, a Bill for permitting the Importation Gum Bill of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, Presemed* upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, American according to Order, a Bill for encouraging new Set- Settlers Bill tiers in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in Presented-America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, Rape Seed according to Order, a Bill for laying a Duty on the lm- &c- B,tl portation, from any of the Provinces in North America, Presentet of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Matiure, Duty-free: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Report* of the Reports of the Commissioners of the Customs, respecting made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s |flzuzts Treasury on the 8th Day of March 1781, the 11th Day orjS8sr*j| of April 1781, and the 7th Day of May 1790, respecting the Seizures of Ships and Vessels on Account of the illegal Importation of small Quantities of Spirits, and other Articles.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Reso-Commitlee of the whole House, to whom it was referred luhona on to consider of the Duties now payable upon Licehces lne and for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for Liquorb*15 retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, the Resolutions Licences which the Committee had directed him to report to the Duties* House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Five Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail, Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled

o(j Spirituous

18° M

497

Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or

Strong Waters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall also have an Excise Licence 'for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Bt'itish-made Wines, or Sweets, either in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, oV a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be charged, upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall also have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds par Annum, or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds Two Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His

Vo l. 45.

present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Report Re-Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum, of solutions on upwards, and under Twenty Pounds per Annum. s'^intuoif

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lujuore l*i-That a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings be charged' cences Du-upon every Licence which shall be granted to autho- *les-rize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under Twenty-five Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall Reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds per Amtim.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Pounds Six Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Thirty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under Forty Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Pounds Fourteen Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices,

Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Forty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under Fifty Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Seven Pounds Two Shillings be charged upon every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith oc* cupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifty Pounds per Antmm, or upwards.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

6 L Time,

Committee on Bill for changing the Sentence on Women.

reported.

Committee on Jamaica, See. Free Torts Bill.

Consolidated Fund Bii( committed.

498 18° Mail. A. 1790.

Time, were, upon the Question severally"put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for changing the Sentence now required by Law to be passed on Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Sentence in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Com-'

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Watkin Lewes accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House \ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah " la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Couii tries bordering on the Province of ,be

bow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was PaS9*dread the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Coasting

Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Trade Bill commited.

A Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment Bill for the of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation Custody and and Government of the Places in which such Offenders ^offenders! may be confined, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Scotch tWs-Wines and Spirits from Malt, Com, or Grain, in tillery Bill Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, C0UUUltt made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House America and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, suiffcrersMl upon the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have deferred, suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America, during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed* for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

.r

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes 1 lon* therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

MV. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That 02 they

they had gone through the Bill, and made several . Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

African Slave Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill deferred. the whole House, to whom the 13111 to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and " carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of " Africa," was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die- Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii Regis, 1790.

Clerkemveli Church Bill passed.

PttAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling down " the Church of Saint James, at Clerkemveli, in the <c County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the " said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages " thereto," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling down the Church " of Saint James, at Clerkenrvelf, in the County of " Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making " a new Church Yard or Cemetery, in the said Parish, " with convenient Avenues and Passages theretoand for purchasing Pentonville Chapel, and making the same

a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and have agreed Mr. Walker:

to Mr. Speaker,

Shawbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hoads Bill. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Tlrird, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle undo'Line, in the County of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to fVem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also, Coventry The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act 1‘aving Bill. for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances Vot. 45.

therein, and for regulating the public Wells and Pumps within the said City^ind Suburbs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Redwin a»d for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Preshut* In-Lands and G rounds within the Parishes of Bedn in, clo8ure Bill*

Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the County of Wilis; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newcastle to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate Trade BUI.

" the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports cf " Newcastle and Sunderlatid," without any Amendment:

And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Water beach Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Four- Drainag* tseenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the eff’eetual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level,

" in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an " Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor " of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within " the said Manorwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Streatham Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Workhouse Relief ami Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to make to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the perpetualAct Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Post Horses.

" Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling " Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the same;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Warwick for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the G1 Bi,b County of Warwick; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Accounts re-Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the feting toTo-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to sented pre~ the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Manufactured Tobacco and Snuff', which appears by the Returns of the Officers of Excise to have been consumed in Scotland, from the 10th Day of October 1789 to the 5th Day of April 1790, being the latest Period of Accounts received:

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff’, of every Description, Specification, or Denomination, manufactured, unmanufactured, and in Operation, in Possession of all the Manufacturers,

Cutters, and Grinders of, and Dealers in, Tobacco and Snuff, in Scotland, at the first Time of Stock taking by the Officer after the Commencement of the Tobacco Excise Act; and also a similar Account at the last Time of Stock taking.

And then he withdrew

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

9

19° M

A. 1790.

Schonberg's Mr. Hairy Hobarl reported from the Committee, to Nat. Bill re- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ported, and Act for naturalizing August Lebcrecht

passea. was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hairy Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Westminster Mr. Hairy Hobart reported from the Committee, to Fish Market wjj0m the Bill for conveying and applying the Estates 1 Por e ancj Monies belonging to the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and for repealing certain Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Fish Market, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitee had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

*rords, Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords

to'w'arwkk to ^ie Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better Gaol Bill. regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

f'cjUunor"1* Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ganshtne°r" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Canal Bill from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called agreed to The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff] in the County of Glamorgan.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed); viz.

Pr. 77. 1. 5. Leave out from " Act" to " every," in Line 9.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Ha'bert do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on Corn itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

Law*. further of the Laws relating to the Importation and

Exportation of Corn and Grain.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Hay, for receiving Jamaica, A*, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Free Ports to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Bl11 deferred* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah " la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands,

under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, was committed, be now read.

And-the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for laying a Duty on the Importation, from RapeS««d, any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, &c- B.‘1* and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for eoin,ulUe<J‘ allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s American Colonies and Plantations in America, was read a Second Settler* BiH

7 committed.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for permitting the Importation of Cashew Catbew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Gum Bill Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Impor- coaitultUMl-tation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Bill for r&is-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ing On* enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, re-

fer the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was por e committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Owners or Proprietors of Petition for Public Stage Coaches, was presented to the House, Provision in and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is ordered to be p^ngere brought into the House, to alter, explain, and amend Bill.

an

501

19° Mail

an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried " on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages;" and that the Petitioners have paid very considerable Sums of Money, from Time to Time, and incurred many heavy Expences, on Account of Losses that have happened, and do Daily happen, in the Carriage of Money, Plate, Jewels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Effects entrusted to their Care, for a small Premium, and are liable to great and inadequate Risque, for Want of knowing the Value of Effects delivered into their Custody: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be introduced in such Bill, that all Parcels sent, or Luggage of any Passenger travelling, by any Mail Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, or other public Carriage, carrying Persons or Parcels for Hire, for which a Receipt, expressing the Value, shall be taken from the Master, Owner, or Book Keeper of such Carriage, shall, in case of Loss, be deemed, or taken to be, the Value, and, for Want of such Receipt, that the Master or Owner of such Carriage shall not be answerable for any Loss exceeding Ten Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Bill for set- A Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity for tlmgan An- jjC Use of the Heirs and Descendants of Penn's^De/ Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of scendants Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meritorious Ser-

corunutted, vices of the said Willium Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Yucatan Goods bill committed.

J^ill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders, deferred.

Committee on Statement of American Claims.

A Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Brfrom the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March \ 790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. . Vox- 45.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Money to the order the Sum of One thousand rive hundred Pounds L^lhsts1 to be issued to John Witmot, Esquire, Colonel Robert Commission. Kingston, Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh, Esquire, ers.

Jeremy Pemberton, Esquire, and Robert Mackenzie,

Esquire, respectively, Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addres* for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to M°ney to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be issued r‘ nstie’ to John Anstie, Esquire, for enquiring, in the United States of America, into such Facts and Circumstances as were thought material for the better ascertaining the several Claims that were made under the Authority of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, or any former Act.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Reports on

Memorials of

A Paper, intituled, " Reports of the Commissioners " of the Customs on Memorials of the Ship Owners &c.prcof Great Yarmouth, &c. respecting Inconveniences seated " they labour under by the Act for preventing of " Smuggling."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences alterinS for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for Liquors Li-retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting cences, pre-other Duties in Lieu thereof: And the same was re- senied. ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nndliatt Flo-upon the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have ijiH deferred! suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America,in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Artjples to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

6 M,

502 19° — 30 ?'Maii. . 1790.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distillery Upon the Bill for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in ScotUind, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That ithey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the -same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 'Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill to em- The House proceeded to take into further Considera-P — i-o tion the Report from the Committee of the whole visit Work- House, to whom the Bill to empower Justices, and houses, re- other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor committed. Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor to the Quarter Sessions, was committed.

And some of the Amendments, made by the Com-jnittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Maii;

Anno 30® Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

Westminster A N ingrossed Bill for conveying and applying the Fi«h Market xx Estates and Monies belonging to the Trustees of Bill passed. Westminster Fish Market to the Marine Society, in Augmentation of their Fund, and for repealing certain Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Fish Market, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Rill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 25. To leave out " Institution," and insert " Society " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for discontinuing the Powers of the said Trustees.

Ordered, That Mr- Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants House of Greenock, Petition re* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, *Pect'"8 t,e That by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of laUon BiSl* His present Majesty, the Importation of Oat-meal into Scotland was prohibited, unless when the Price of that Article exceeded Sixteen Shillings per Boll, while the same Commodity was allowed to be imported into England when the Price of middling British Oats amounted to Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, which corresponds nearly to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Boll in Scotland’, and that,

-by a Bill depending before the House, it is -proposed to continue the same Prohibition, and, as Oat-meal constitutes a very principal Part of the Food of the Poor, the Labourer, and the Manufacturer, and of those who are employed in the Fisheries of Scotland, the Petitioners submit to die House, that it would be highly oppressive and unjust to continue the Import Price of that Article more than Twenty per Cent. higher to the Inhabitants of Scotland than to their Fellow' Subjects in England, and that therefore the Importation of Oat-meal into Scotland ought to be permitted, as in England, when the Price of Oats is at Sixteen Shillings per Quarter; and that, by the aforesaid Act, the Importation and Exportation of Grain into the different Counties of Scotland was regulated by the Average Price of Grain in each County, but,

by the said Bill, it is proposed to divide Scotland into Three Districts, and to regulate the Importation and Exportation by the Average Price in each District:

That in particular the District, in which the Town of Greenock is to be comprehended, is to consist of no less than Seven whole Counties; viz. Lanark, Renfrew,

Dumbarton, Argyle, Ayr, Bute, and besides

the Western Islands, and Part of the distant Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness; and that the Price of Grain in the plentiful County of Wigton, or in the thinly Inhabited Northern Counties (where the Corn is of an inferior Quality) ought not to regulate the Importation of Grain into the County of Renfrew, which, though of small Extent, contains, besides many large Villages, the populous Towns of Paisley,

Retfrew, Port Glasgow, and Greenock, and from the Two last mentioned Places the principal Fisheries in Scotland are. carried on, which, the Petitioners apprehend, the present Bill will materially injure, and therefore trust that the House will see the Justice of allowing the Importation of Grain into the County of Renfrew to he regulated by the Price of Corn in the County itself, or by the Average Price in Renfrew,

Lanark, Ayr, Dumbarton, Argyle, and Bute, the Counties immediately adjoining: And therefore praying the House to alter or amend the aforesaid Bill in the above Particulars, or to give the Petitioners such Relief as the House shall see just, and to allow the Petitioners to be heard, at the Bar, in Support of the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, is re-committed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Trial of Mr. this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, Hasting*, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do {*o, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant 'at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-13 bers

bers of this House, in Westmin Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Pierson in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Halt accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

TBe Lords have agreed to

Alfreton Roads Bill.

Tunstall Road Bill.

Mr.Has tings’ Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called and from the

Bridle Gate, at tlte Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in the County of Chester, and from Or eat Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday the 1st Day of June next, at Ten of the Clock, in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill to to reSolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Justices &c. to consider further of the Bill to empower Justices, t« visit Work, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Bouses. Poor Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor to the Quarter Sessions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 45.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking ReportonBiH into further Consideration the Report from the Com- sentence mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Gn Women changing the Sentence now required by Law to be further con-passed on Women convicted of certain Crimes, and 8‘dered-substituting another Sentence in Lieu thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it w'as re- Statement of ferred to consider further of the Statement of the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Com- a missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, up to the 25th of March 1790, and of the Sums which have been already granted on Account thereof, and of what remains for Consideration of Parliament, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and is as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Compensation That Compensation be made to the Claimants under to the Claim-the Will of John Earl of Granville, according lo the Statement of the Commissioners appointed to enquire vme-8 yyju, into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, and that they be allowed the full Amount of their Losses, as far as the same shall not exceed Ten thousand Pounds, and Sixty per Cent, of such Part of the said Losses as shall exceed Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Compensa-That Compensation be made to the Right honour- *j°!' *Lord able Robert Lord Fairfax, for the Loss of his Life lairax‘ Interest in certain Lands situate in the Province of Virginia, according to the Statement of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and that he be allowed the full Amount of such Loss, as far as the same shall not exceed Ten thousand Pounds, and Eighty per cent, of such Part of the said Loss as shall exceed Ten thousand Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole Hou:*e, to whom the Bill for

B Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their 5 and Properties during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, in Consequences of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

The House was moved. That the Order made Coasting upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Trade B‘u

Committee

deferred.

20° Mail

A. 1790.

Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House FunJ>BiUte^ to res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, un upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Oat-meal be not permitted to be imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, when Oats shall be under the Price of Eighteen Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings pet' Hundred Weight be charged upon Oat-meal imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, when Oats shall be under

;,g

js«ity

Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for the Price of Eighteen Shillings Quarter.

applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 1.5th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

StotcbDistil-lery Bill reported.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whenever the Price of middling British Barley,

Beer, or Bigg, shall be at or above Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be charged an additional Duty of One Penny upon every Quarter of Barley,

Beer, or Bigg, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be charged an additional Duty of One Penny upon every Quarter of Oats imported into this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Yucatan upon the Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels, im- Goods Imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be receivod Tomorrow Morning.

.-til WiP *1 Bi

ingrossed.

Bill for raising One Milium posted.

Ncport Corn Law*.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain An- settlin6an

o o Annuity on

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise nnity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of Mr p/nn>s the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Descendants, therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. Province of Pensylvania, in Consideration of the me-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum Losses which his Family have sustained in Conse-of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein quence of the unhappy Dissentions in America, be now mentioned. read.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to

1

505

Dr. Willis’s Annuity Bill presented.

Lords

Amendments to Warwick Gaol Bill considered.

Committee to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords.

Comm:ttee on American Settlers Bill.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Doctor of

Physic: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be*read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr- 19- 1- 30-1 Leave out " have been usually,

?../ "OT"

1.33. Leave out " present," and insert

" late."

Pr. 21. 1. 7. Leave out from " levied " to " And," in Line 27.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now'," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time.

The First Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment (which appeared to be a mere Clerical Mistake of the Reign in which the Act referred to passed) being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendment made by the Lords to the said Bill being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

Tt passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as this House hath disagreed to.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Windham, the Master of the Rolls, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Loid Frederick Campbell, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Mr. Ellis, Sir Robert Lazdey:And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His

Vo l. 45.

Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, County passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Election* present Majesty, touching the Election for knights of Bl11 P88*^-the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 7. To leave out " of the Person claiming " to vote, and."

1. 9. After " same " to insert " at the " Time of such Assessment being " made."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motioa posed, That it appears to this House, that since the respecting 12th of March 1783, there have been Four Appointments of Ambassadors from His Majesty to the Catholic Ambassadors King; to Spain

And the previous Question being proposed. That that superseded. Question be now put;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 95-

Tellers for the Noes, {J|j; j 59-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, slave Trad* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of deferred, the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Com Regu resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lation Bill upon the Bill for regulating the Importation and Ex- deferred* portation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

6 N The

*4. 1790.

Cofhraittw on Rape Seed, Scc. Bill.

Committee on Cashew Gum Bill.

American and East Florida Sufferer* Bill deferred.

Bill to remit Sentence* of Offenders transported; passed.

506 20° — 21° Mail i

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty on the Importation from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Province, of Rape Cakes, or Cape made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free.

The House resolved itself into the send Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die

Anno 30* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for changing the Sentence now required by Law to be passed on Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Sentence in Lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, ana substituting another Judgment in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Benjamin Hammet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the East End of Bromhain Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Trustees of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leasehold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gamon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the " Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of " Stage Coaches, or other CarriagesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Templer, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof, is committed, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Pa-

oS. tronage

BiH for changing the Sentence on Women pasted.

The Lords have agreed to

Bromhain Roads Bilk

Manchester Poor Bill.

The Lords have passed

Duke of Newcastle’s Estate BilL.

Duke of Newcastle^ Estate Bill read.

Stage Coach Passengers Bill presented.

Committe on Templer’s Estate Bill.

East Wre-tham Exchange Bill committed.

West Wre* tham Exchange Bill committed*

5f*lhy*s, &c. Estate Bill deferred.

Dr. Willis's Annuity Bill committed.

House to adjourn to Wednesday.

Bill for altering the Duties on Liquors Licences, committed.

Consolidated Fund Bill reported.

tronage of and to the Consolidated or United Rectories of Creeting All Saints and Creeting St. in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of East JVrelham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Crespigny, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge,of the Advowson and Right

of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Hepworth, in the County of Siffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Hepworth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of West Wretham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -gerford, Mr. Crespigny, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Tuesday next, upon the Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York; and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Motley out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was

Vox.. 45,

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order* reported from the Bill for set* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a' certain Annuity for the penn,s°nDe*r* Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, scendants, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of reported. Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the 9aid William Perm, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of Statement of the Value of Furs exported from the North Western Coast of America by British and Foreign rica'^ordered! Ships, previous to the year 1790, as far as the same can be made out.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Answers to House, That their Addresses of Wednesday last (that Addresses. His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingston, Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh, Esquire,

Jeremy Pemberton, Esquire, and Robert Mackenzie,

Esquire, respectively. Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the 6ame; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be issued to John Anstie, Esquire, for enquiring, in the United States of America, into such Facts and Circumstances as were thought material for the better ascertaining the several Claims that were made under the Authority of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, or any former Act) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Yucatan Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Goods Bill exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Set- reporte tlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments,

21° Mail

A. 1790.

Cashew Gum Bill reported.

Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Re-coro- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

mitted Bill to from tjje Committee of the whole House, to whom Justice" &c. ^ie Bill to empower Justices, and other Persons, to tovisitWork- visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, and exa-houses, re- mine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor

ported. to Quarter Sessions, was re-committed, the Amend-

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the lie-port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Statement of Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Fure export- Order,

A Statement of the Value of Furs exported from the North Western Coast of America by and Foreign

Ships, previous to the Year 1790, as far as the same can be made out.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Statement is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^AJj,eI*an* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill U *" upon the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have

American Settlers Bril reported.

ed from

America.

presented.

suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon.

day Morning next

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Jamaica, Ac. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Free Ports amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year Bill reported, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An *' Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

" and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the " Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the " Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence,

" One of the Bahama Islands, under certain llegulations and Restrictions and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °" B*11 for upon the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employ- Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Re- ment of gulation and Government of the Places in which such Offender*. Offenders my be confined, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Complaint being made to the House of a Letter, Complaint contained in a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The " Diary-, or, Wood fall's Register, Tuesday, May 18, r* cot " 1790," which Letter is addressed to the Printer of the said Newspaper, and signed " John Scott," dated

Bromley,

30 Geo. III. 21° — 26° 509

Resolution

thereupon.

Debate thereon adjourned.

Bromley, May 16, 1790, ad containing Reflections on this House for prosecuting the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and on the Speeches and Conduct of some of the Members who are appointed as Managers on the Trial of the said Impeachment, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and which Letter purports to be written by John Scott, Esquire, a Member of this House;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table; and the said Letter was read.

And the said Member having, in his Place, acknowledged himself to be the Author of the said Letter, was heard.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it is against the Law and Usage of Parliament, and a high Breach of the Privilege of this House, to write or publish, or cause to be written or published, any scandalous and libellous Reflection on the Honour and Justice of this House in any of the Impeachments or Prosecutions in which it is engaged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the said Letter, now delivered in and read, is a scandalous and libellous Paper, reflecting on the Honour and Justice of this House, and on the Conduct of the Managers appointed to manage the Impeachment, now depending, against Warren Hastings, Esquire;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon:

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Cora Re- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gulation Bill. Upon for rCgU]ating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands oi Mool and Cairn, and others in the County of Wigton, is committed, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Select Com- Third Report mittee, appointed to take the Examination of the several ^on of Wit* Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the ne88es re-' House to attend the Committee of the whole House, specting the to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circum- Slave Trade, stances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House: And he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of AfricanSlave the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a BlH deferred Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from " the Coast of Africa," was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne have Leave to make Several Per-a Motion, it being half an Hour after Nine of the coi^ittee Clock. on slave

And he moved the House accordingly. Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. John Marshall do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Branker do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Edwards do also attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Lawrie’s Estate Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Quintinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the' Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret Lawrie, of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of Redcastle, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven Vol. 45.

Mercurii, 26°die Mali;

Anno 30® Georgii IIP* Regis, 1790.

Pea vers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committees

revived.

A Bill to alter, explain, and amend an Act made stage Coach in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His pre- Passengers sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Bdl com*

60

" Number

mitted.

Templer's Ettato Bill reported, and passed.

DukeofNewcastle’s Estate Bill committed.

Sir John Riddell’s Name, &c. Bill reported, and passed.

Committee on Selb/s, Ac. Estate Bill.

510 m°Mail . 1790.

" Number of Persons to be earned on the Outside of " Stage Coaches, or other Carriages," . was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thatthe Bill be committed to Mr. Gamon, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir William Levum reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Ttmpler, in the County of Kent, for another

Estate of greater Value, in the County to be

settled in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined-the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be. true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon Ao carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Trustees of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leasehold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley Knight, Mr. Pye, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had-given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, herer tofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing

8

and destroying: *a certain Term: of One hundred Veers, for which the said 'Hereditaments* were limited in -Trust for. his late MajestyrKing George the First, his Heirs and Successors be now read.

And; the said Order being: read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Selby,

Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and William Commyns,

Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and of Patrick Potoer, Esquire, William Carr, Esquire, and Henrietta his Wife, Barbara White, Widow of Nicholas White,

Esquire, i deceased, Charlotte Strickland, Spinster, and Sir John Lawson, Baronet, which said Catherine Selby,

William Commyns, Patrick Power, 'Henrietta Carr,

Barbara White, and Charlotte Strickland, are the Heirs at Law. of Sir Roger Strickland, late of Catterick, in the County of York, Baronet, deceased, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to White’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estal? . An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex,

Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees to be sold and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees, in the mean Time, to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to empower Justices and other Bill to sm-Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, power Jus-and examine and certify the State and Condition of Work* the Poor to the Quarter Sessions, was read the Third or9S*j Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower Justices and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed1 that Mr. Irving, Inspector Returns General of the Exports and Imparts of Great Britain, respecting attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the ^hich sailed Bar, presented to the House, from Liver-

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the pool, See.

" Honourable House of Commons, dated 4th Presented1790, requiring Copies of the Muster Rolls of all " Vessels which have sailed from the Port of Liverpool,

" from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclu-M sive And also,

A Paper,

Yucatan Goods Bill passed.

Consolidated Fund Bill passed.

Hitchin Road Bill reported.

Casbew Gum Bill passed.

SO’&EO.III. 26° Mail 5*11

A PajDer, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " Hdrtour'able Hohse of Commons, dated '4th " 1790, requiring Copies of the Muster Rolls of all *« Vessels which sailed from the Port of Bristol, from " the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " Honourable House of Cothmons, dated 4th May " 1790, requiring Copies of the Muster Rolls of all " Vessels which sailed from the POrt of Hull, from the " Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the'Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papete of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan, was read the'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Ye&r One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do passs: And that the Title be, an Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through to the Turnpike

Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum, from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That* the Bill dd pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Vol. 45.

Gtiih, from His Majesty's PYdit India Islands, tipbn Payment of the like Duty as is'paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, on.D.r‘, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Bill

Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of y Physic, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging new Settlers in His American Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, was Settlers Bill read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in Jamaica, the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Free Ports Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Impor- passed. " tation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of Nezv Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions ;* and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do earry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. M'Douall reported from the Committee, to Lawrie'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate Bill Act for settling and securing the Lands of Quintinespie, ’ a

Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and p Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret Lawrie, of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of Redcastle, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same

512

26° M

A. 1790.

American and East Florida Sufferers Bill reported.

same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Reand for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Margaret and her Heirs and

Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands of Moot and Cairn, and others, in the County of Wigton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. McDouall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Sving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their ights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissen-tions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation, from the said Provinces, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

altering the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Uauorg°n upon Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for

deferred. retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting

other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Coasting a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Trade Bill, the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

Rape Seed, &c. Bill deferred.

had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for on Tontine " raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, Act*

" to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in " Classes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Grades and Mr. The Lords Walker: wiU proceed

Mr. Speaker, Hastin s’s

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial!"*88 House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday the 2d Day of June next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House slave Trade to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Counsel into further Consideration the Report from the Com- on mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- c"^der;n|, tinue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, Report of6 made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An African Slave " Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an BdlAct made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping " and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the " Coast of Africa," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of John Dawson, Thomas Seaman,

James Gregson, and Peter William Branker, Merchants and Ship Owners, on Behalf of themselves and all other Merchants trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Mr. James Bowen do forthwith attend Mr. Bowen this House, to be examined on the Subject Master of 10 attend-the said Report.

The

Mr. Bowen examined.

African Slate Bill re-committed.

considered.

Sir William Hamilton's Bill reported.

Coasting Trade Bill deferred.

The said Mr. James fe&tce attending accordingly;

Was called in; and at the Bar examined.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mn Beaiif°H’ \ , S

tellers for the leas, jMr 18‘

{Mr. Alderman Aewn-'l ham, 23.

Mr. Gascoyne:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Newnham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27® die Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Prayers

MR. Greville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections, -and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of stone and Pill, in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put-thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 45.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for taking into Corn Regt* fbrther Consideration the Report from the Committee ,ation Bill of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating defenred* the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com- Reasons for mittee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be disagreeing offered to the I-ords, at a Conference, for disagreeing t^II^>nr^entJ to such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the ^ar-to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better wick Gaol regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick, as Bill, agreed this House hath disagreed to; That the Committee to-had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the First Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 19. Lines 30 and 31. which is to leave out the Words " have been usually or," the Commons disagree; because the restraining of the Proceeding directed by this Clause to the Provisions of the Act 12th Geo. II. (which is the Object of this Amendment) may, where the Usage has been otherwise, be attended with considerable Inconvenience and Difficulty.

To the Second Amendment made by your Lordships, ' in Press 19. Line 33. the Commons agree.

To the Third Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 21. Line 7. the Effect of which Amendment appears to be to lay the Whole of the Expences to be incurred by this Bill on all the Persons liable to pay the County Rate, the Commons disagree; because it does not appear to them either necessary or proper, with respect to such Expences, to follow the Method prescribed by the Act of the 11 th and 12th of King William, for enabling Justices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols, unless in the common and ordinary Cases of repairing or re-building Gaols, in their ancient Form and Manner, at a moderate Expence, and where the other Regulations and Requisitions of that Act are complied with — Because also, That when any new and extensive Plan is adopted for building a Gaol, in which the Number of Cells and Apartments is to be greatly encreased, for the various Purposes of better securing or punishing of Offenders, and preserving the Health of the Prisoners confined therein, and Houses and Lands are to be purchased for the Scite of such Gaol, and other Conveniences adjoining thereto, by which a great additional Expence is to be incurred, so that the Provisions of the said Act of King William are insufficient for the Purpose of carrying such Plan into Execution, and it is therefore become necessary for the Parties to apply to Parliament for further Powers — the Commons think it proper to be attentive to the Method by which such Expence is to be defrayed; to the End that it may be imposed, not on the temporary Farmer or Occupier of the Land, but on those who have a more permanent Interest in the Subject, and are the best able to bear any extraordinary Burthen.

And as an additional Reason to induce your Lordships to waive such of your Amendments as the Commons have disagreed to, they think it right to state to your Lordships several Instances of Bills, for similar Purposes with the present, and of a recent Date, sent by the Commons to your Lordships, to which your

6 P Lordships

27° M

A. 1790:

Tenants to de-Ten ants to de-

Conference to be desired.

Selby*, &c. Instate Bill passed.

Report on Tonline Act.

Lardehip* have agreed, without any Amendment; in which Bills the Tenants of Houses or I^ands on whom Rates and Assessments were to be levied for certain public Purposes, mentioned in such Bills, were permitted to deduct the same, or some Proportion thereof, out of their Rent, which Deduction was directed to be allowed in Account by the Persons to whom such Rent was payable. '

The Instances are as follow;

8 Geo. III. Coventry Goal. Tenants to deduct Half the Rates.

8 Geo. III. Hertford Shire House.

duct the whole Rate.

9 Geo. III. Nottingham Shire Hall.

duct the whole Rate.

23 Geo. III. Salop New Shire Hall and Guildhall.

Tenants 8t full or improved Rent may deduct the whole Rate.

26 Geo. III. Salop Gaol. Tenants to deduct the whole Rate.

27 Geo. III. Stafford Gaol. Tenant to deduct the whole Rate.

29 Geo. III. Essex Shire House. Tenants to deduct Half the Rate.

For these and other Reasons, which have induced the Commons to disagree as well to the First as to the Third of your Lordships Amendments, and which other Reasons the Commons decline offering at present, the Commons hope that your Lordships will not insist on such of the Amendments proposed by your Lords!tips as the Commons have disagreed to, as the Loss of the Bill will, as the Commons apprehend, be attended with considerable public Inconvenience.

The said Reasons being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Rill.

OrderedrThat Mr. Pole Carcw do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossed Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of Vrn'k, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entided to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the FirsJ, his Heirs and Successors, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the County of York, and for vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust ifor his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

Ordered, That Mr. Baring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, " to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in " Classes."

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had

directed to be reported to the House; which he nead in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Persons as have contributed towards raising the Sum of One Million Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, under the Authority of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to " be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in " Classes," who shall be desirous of converting each Share of One hundred Pounds and Five Shillings, so contributed towards raising the said Sum of One Million Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, into a Jong Annuity for the same Term, with certain Annuities established by an Act, made in the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, from the 5th Day of January 1761, shall be at Liberty so to do upon giving Notice of such their Desire to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at any Time before the 1st Day of September 1790.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbet'i, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edxoard James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr- Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr, Pole Carew reported to the House, That he The Lords having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Con erenec' Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed Managers to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a appointed. Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Francis, Sir Joseph Maxcbey, Sir William Young, Mr. Milford, and General Burgoyne, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported, That the Managers Conference had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the reported. Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Com- Petition monalty, of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, against the under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Bill depending in the House, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and on British Corn exported, there' are contained Clauses subjecting to Forfeiture any Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns,

Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, in which any of the Articles mentioned in that Act shall be found, contrary to the Provisions of it: and that Penalties like those, so very excessive, and which fail not on the Offender, but on the Innocent, cannot but injure the Commerce, and ultimately the Resources and Revenue «f the Kingdom, and the 02 Petitioners

30 Geo. III.

27° M

515

Petitioners conceive, that the Purposes of the Bill may be effected with equal Certainty by Penalties more adequate to the Offence, and involving in the Punishment those only who have committed it: And therefore praying, That those Clauses in the said Bill, which the Merchant and Shipholder cannot but have the justest Reason to dread, may not pass into a Law, but that the Bill may undergo such Alteration as the House shall deem expedient.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants and Buss Owners of

against the the Borough of Rothesay, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, the Importation of Oat-meal iuto Scotland is prohibited, unless when the Price of that Article exceeds Sixteen Shillings per Boll, while the same Article is allowed to be imported into England when the Price of Oats amounts to Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, which is nearly equal to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Boll of Meal, and, by a Bill now depending in the House, the same Restriction is proposed to be continued; and that the Petitioners live in an Island, the Annual Produce of which, though indeed fruitful, is insufficient for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of Rothesay for One-Fourth of the Year: That above a Hundred Vessels belong to the Port, most of which are employed in the British White Herring Fishery, and the Advantages derived to the Public from such a Nursery for Seamen are so well known, as to render them unnecessary to be enumerated: And, when it is considered how inadequate the Produce of the whole Island is to the Maintenance of that Place alone, what a vast Quantity of Provisions is necessary for so many Busses, and that Oat-meal, a principal Article, is only to be had at the highest Rate, which must prove highly prejudicial to the Fishing, as well as the Manufactures of Scotland in general, by raising the Wages of the Labouring Poor, it is presumed the House will be disposed to look upon the Difference between Scotland and England, in regard to the Importation of Grain, as truly impolitic and partial, and will, in future, permit the Importation of it into Scotland upon the same Terms it is allowed to be imported into England; and that by the above-mentioned Act the Importation into, and Exportation from, the different Counties is regulated by the Price of Grain in each County, whereas, by the said Bill, it is proposed to divide Scotland into different Districts, and to regulate the Importation and Exportation by the Average Price of Grain in each District; and that the District, in which the said Borough is to be comprehended, is proposed to consist of the Counties of Lanark, Dumbarton, Argyle, Ayr, Bute, JVigton, the Western Islands, and the West Coasts of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness, but the Petitioners submit to the House, that the Importation of Grain to that Place, where there is so great a Demand for it, ought not to be regulated by the Prices either in the plentiful County of JVigton, or the thinly inhabited Western Islands, but by the Price in the County of Bute, or at least by the Average Price in it, and the adjoining Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, Dumbarton, Ayr, and Argyle, and, the Petitioners beg Leave also to submit, that in ca9e of any Importation when the Port is shut, that the Meal or Grain imported should be allowed to be Warehoused in joint Custody till the'--Port shall be opened: And therefore praying the House to alter or amend the aforesaid Bill in the Manner submitted by the Petitioners, or to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Ex--Yol. 45.

portation of Cent, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Tonline Rill House, according to Order, a Bill for converting cer- presented, tain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of jfche last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Dr. Willis's Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Annuity Bill enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the rePorted-Reverend Francis JViUis, Doctor of Physic, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Newnham, according to Order, re- AfricanSlave

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^c|omiIut'e‘l

whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be li- ' relK>r ’

mited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue. for a limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to re-

gulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of " Africa," was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in At the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 2.1. 7, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 2.1. 7, which was to leave out from " Vessel" to " and" in Fo. 3. 1. 3, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Alderman - "j ham, [ 69.

Mr. Gascoyne: J

Tellers for the Noe, { . } 95-

...So it passed in the Negative.

Th«L. Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, ftece, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to «be added to the Bill, for enforcing the Payment of Penalties by Admirals or Commanders at Sea, or by the Governors in the West Indies, or by the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs.

And


Debate on Motion respecting the Complaint against Mr. Scott, resumed.

Mr.Scott further heard.

Letter voted scandalous and libellouSj Uc.

276 — 28° Mail.

A. 1790.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, specifying the Courts where the several Penalties might be sued for and recovered;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out the Words " in any Court " of Vice Admiralty in any Part of America, or in u any Island in the West Indies, wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or wherein " any such Ship or Vessel shall, have disposed of the " Whole, or any Part of the Cargo, or."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon Friday last. That it appears to this House, that the Letter contained in a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Diary; or, Wood faits , Tuesday, May

" 18, 1790," which Letter is addressed to the Printer of the said Newspaper, and signed " John Scott," dated Bromley, May 16, 1790, is a scandalous and libellous Paper, reflecting on the Honour and Justice of this House, and on the Conduct of the Managers appointed to manage the Impeachment, now depending, Against Warren Hastings, Esquire;

And the House being informed, by a Member in his Place, That John Scott, Esquire (having, since Friday last, when he was heard in his Place, had Reason to believe that what he then offered to the House had not been fully understood by several of the Members who heard him) desired that he might have Leave to explain more particularly what he had then said;

The said John Scott, Esquire, being, with Permission of the House, come into his Place, was further heard.

And being again withdrawn, the House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being again proposed;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the said Letter is a scandalous and libellous Paper, reflecting on the Honour and Justice of this House, and on the Conduct of the Managers appointed to manage 'the Impeachment, now depending, against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That John Scott, Esquire, a Member of this House, having acknowledged himself the Writer of the said Letter, is thereby guilty of a gross and scandalous Violation of his Duty as a Member of this House, and of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That John Scott, Esquire, a Member of this House, being, by his own Acknowledgment, the Author of the said Letter, is guilty of a Violation of his Duty as a Member of this House, and of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

The said Motion for the previous Question was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. ScoVt voted guilty of a Breach of Privily e.

Ordered to be reprimanded.

Bill for altering the Do tie* on Liquors Licences, deferred.

Resolved, That John Scott, Esquire, a Member of this House, being, by his own Acknowledgment, the Author of the said Letter, is guilty of a Violation of his Duty as a Member of this House, and of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said John Scott, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, reprimanded at the Bar of this House, by Mr. Speaker;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " at the Bar of " this House/’ and inserting the Words " in his " Place " instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words " at " the Bar of this House" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " in " his Place " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said John Scott, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, reprimanded in his Place by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Scott, Esquire, do attend this House in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790 Prateus.

MR. Heneage reported from the Committee, to Estcourt’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- E5ta,e tuled. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled ’an

Estates of Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, in tho Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrance, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Heneage do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Crespigny reported from the Committee, to East Wre-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between reponed, and William Colhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and Col- passed, lege of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Consolidated or United Rectories of Creeling All Saints and Greeting Saint in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of

Patronage

30 Geo. III. 28° Mail. 517

Patronage of and to the Rectory of Wrethamin the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s '1 able

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crespigny do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

West Wre- Mr. Crespigny reported from the Committee, to whom thiun lix- the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to reported*and effectnate and establish an Exchange between William fussed. ’ Colhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Hepworth, in the County of Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Hepuorih aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of West Wretham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crespigny do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

TTie Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising One Million.

2)nrham Paving Bill, with an Amendment.

Hutton Bushell Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords bate passed Duke of Bolton's Estate Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham and Borough of Fram-welgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, logs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Fisher ton Delamere, otherwise Fisherlon Delamore, and other Hereditaments, in

the County of Wilts,devised by the Will of the most Noble Charles formerly Duke of Bolton, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Vo l, 45.

Sale Of the said Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir Peter ,; the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Here- Burrell’s,&6i ditaments, in Skendleby, and other Parishes in the state 1 County of Lincoln, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right Honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edu ard Brackenbury, have now undivided Moieties or Half Parts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Earlof Abtr-confirm a Lease lately made by Heniy Nevill, Earl of gavenny's Abergavenny, of certain entailed Mines, and other iistate B»v Hereditaments, in the county of ; and to

enable granting future Leases of the said entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Earl is seised, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of Nor. vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble fojk’» Estate Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex, in BlU* him the said Duke, in Fee; and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal orgreater Value, in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of Bol-for vesting the Manor of Fisherlon Delamere, other- ton’* Estate wise Fisherlon Delamore, and other Hereditaments, in BlU read* the County of Wilts, devised by the Will of the most Noble Charles formerly Duke of Bolton, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Sale of the said Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An iugrossed Bill for making Allowances to Distillers Scotch Dis-of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Com, or Grain, tillery Bill in Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, Pa*®ed* made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 24. To leave out from " England " to " Provided," in 1. 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the f able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir William Hamilton, sjr William Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Hamilton’s his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Bill pa»s«4 Docks, Piers, and other Erections, and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubber-stone and Pill, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

6 Q be.

Dr. Willis’s Annuity Bill passed.

Bill for settling au Annuity on Mr. Penn’s Descendants, passed.

Bill for the Custody and

Employment of Offenders, read the Third Time.

Hitchin Road BUI passed.

518 . 28° Man. A. 1790.

be, Aiv Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, ana other Erections, and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of and Pill,

in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pensybcania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in Consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in Amer

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was read the Third Time,

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, directing that where Offenders are committed to hard Labour in any District, or Division of any County, they shall be maintained at the Expence of the County at large.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 25. After " thereof" to insert " and " submit the same."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through to the

Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through She ford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl of ALer-Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry |?venny’*

Earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed Mines, and re^te 1 other Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth, and to enable granting future Leases of the said entailed Mjpes and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Earl is seised, us Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Norfolk’s Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Je^te Bl Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Agents of Ships residing Petitions in or near London, convened by public Advertisement, against the

May 22d, 1790: And also, uZiBuT

Another Petition of the Owners and Agents of Ships residing in or near London, convened by public Advertisement, May 22d, 1790: And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Agents of Ships residing in or near London, convened by public Advertisement,

May 27 th, 1790;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand that a Bill, respecting the Trade in Corn, is now depending in the House, whereby Vessels, with their Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel, whatever be the Value of the same (not excepting the Case of the largest East or West Indiaman) are proposed to be made liable to Confiscation for having on Board, whether for Exportation or Importation, a single Pound Weight of Biscuit, or a like Quantity of Grain. or Flour, according to the Case, contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, though the same should happen without any fraudulent Design on the Part of the Owners, and without their being, in the smallest Degree, privy thereto, or though placed on Board by some evil-minded Person or Persons maliciously, or with a View to the Profit to arise from a collusive Seizure, which Seizure may forthwith be made by any Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, no discretionary Power being vested any where to judge of the Intention of the Parties, or to lessen the Penalty where the Case merits that it should be mitigated; and that the Petitioners feel the greatest Alarm on this Occasion, which they are well persuaded will become general, should the Clauses of the said Bill, directing the said Penalties on Ships, and their Appurtenances, pass into a Law, and thereby materially affect, not only the Petitioners, but the Navigation, as well as Trade, of this Country, on which the general Welfare of the Empire so much depends, since it cannot be expected that Persons should be willing to invest their Property in Shipping, when laid under such heavy Discouragements: And therefore praying, That the Parts of the Clauses of the said Bill, which affect Ship Owners, as such, be omitted, and Penalties be substituted that shall fall upon such Persons, whatever be their Description, as shall be found Aiding and 06 abetting

Westminster Paving Bill reported.

Tontine Bill committed.

Sir Peter Burrell's, &c. Kstate Bill read.

American and h’a#t Florida Sufferers Bill passed.

30 Geo. III. 28

519

abetting in the Exportation or Importation of Grain, Flour, or Biscuit, contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, which Penalties, together with the Forfeiture of such Goods, and the Fine in Triple the Value of the same in Cases of Exportation, as provided by the said Bill, the Petitioners trust will appear amply sufficient to enforce the Regulations in View in the said Clauses.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of minster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Committees, to be Annually chosen by the Parish or Precinct wherein such Streets are situate, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with, the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the-Shares so converted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An iugrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Skcndleby, and other Parishes in the County of Lincoln, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edward Brahave now undivided Moieties, or Half Parts, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An iugrossed Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentious in America, in Conse-

Vol. 45.

quence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Corn Regu-further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating erre ’ the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next

The Ol der of the Day being read, for the House to Coasting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Jr"de to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of the eerre Coasting Trade of Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Jjj^j°um to

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Committee to the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceeding on Lords Jour the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire; and to report naisinrela-what they find therein to the House. tion to Mr.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed Hastings’ to be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against the said Wirren Hastings, Esquire, be the said Committee.

John Scott, Esquire, attending in his Place, according Mr. Scott to Order, was reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, as the reprimanded. House had directed.

Mr. Speaker spoke to him in the following Manner:

Mr. Scott,

The House have resolved that you, being the Author of a Letter, which the House have declared to be a scandalous and libellous Paper, reflecting on the Honour and Justice of this House, and on the Conduct of the Managers appointed to manage the Impeachment now depending against Warren Hastings, Esquire, are guilty of a Violation of your Duty as a Member of this IIo u?e, and of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House.

On the Nature and Magnitude of your Offence it is unnecessary for me to dwell: Whatever has a Tendency to depreciate the Honour and Justice of this House, particularly in the Exercise of its Inquisitorial

Functions,

520

28° M

A. 1700.

Functions, tends, in the same Proportion, to weaken and degrade the Energies and Dignity of the British Constitution.

The Privileges of this House have a Claim to the Respect of every Subject of this Country; as a Member of this House, it is your Duty, as it is a Part of your Trust, to support and to protect them. Had a Sense of these Obligations produced its due Influence on your Mind and Conduct, you would have avoided the Displeasure of the House, and I should have been spared the Pain of declaring to you the Result of it. The Moderation of the House is not, however, less manifest on this Occasion than their just Sense of their own Dignity, and of the Importance of their own Privileges. It is my Duty, in addressing you, to be guided by the Lenity which marks their Proceedings; and, in the Persuasion that the Judgment of the House will operate as an effectual Admonition to yourself and to others, I forbear to say more than that the House have directed, that I reprimand you for your said Offence: And, in Obedience to their Commands, I do reprimand you accordingly.

Mr. Scott's Whereupon Mr. Scott said,

Speech. *

Mr. Speaker,

I beg Leave to return you my warmest Acknowledgments for the very handsome and liberal Manner in which you have executed the Orders of the House.

I can only repeat, Sir, what I have Twice said before, that I had not the most distant Idea of violating any Privilege that the House in its Wisdom would chuse to enforce: Having diligently attended my Duty since I have been a Member, 1 have observed that Gentlemen of the first Consideration have been in the Habit of publishing to the World their Sentiments upon the most important Transactions in this House — If I have been led into an Error, it has been by taking these great Authorities for my Guide; I can only express my Concern that by so doing I have drawn upon myself the Censure of this House; and I again beg Leave, Mr. Speaker, to repeat my sincere Thanks to you for the polite and candid Manner in which that Censure has been conveyed.

Mr.Speaker’s Speech to be printed.

Motion for Address for the Date of the Answer from Sp&iu, Neg.

fell for altering the Duties on Liquors Licences, deferred.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, upon reprimanding the said John Scott, Esquire, be printed in the Votes of this Day.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the Date of the Answer from the Court of Spain, referred to in His Majesty’s Message of the 5th Instant, and also the Date of the Receipt of the said Answer.

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Bill for the The Order made this Day, for resuming the ad-Custody end joumed Consideration of the Amendment which had of CJffendert ^)een proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bill to pasted. provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Place? in which such Offenders may be confined, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Amendment.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 26. After " Judges" to insert " or Justicesand after " Assize " to insert " Great Session, Oyer and " Terminer, or Gaol Deliver."

1. 33. To leave out " the," and insert " such" instead thereof.

1. 34* To leave out " of Assize," and insert " or Justices " instead thereof.

1. 39. To leave out from " committed " to " or " in 1. 40, and insert " after " the 1st Day of 1790" instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 7. Before " to" to insert " or any

" Justice of the King’s Bench, " Common Pleas, or Baron of the " Exchequer, being of the Coif."

Pr. 5. 1. 1. To leave out " it shall be lawful " for."

1. 2. To leave out " Sheriff or."

1. 3. After " Offender " to insert " and is " hereby required."

I.32. After " House" to insert " for the " then Residue of the Term for " which he or she shall have been " sentenced to be transported."

Pr. 6. 1. 7. After " to " to insert " be transported, together with the Order, " or a Copy thereof, directing such " Offender to be imprisoned and " kept to."

1. 10. After " Certificate" to insert "and " Order."

1. 14. Before " to" to insert " and Order." 1. 29. After " transmit " to insert " an " attested Copy of;" and after " Certificate " to insert " and " Order."

Pr. 7. 1. 3. After " Seven " to insert "Justices." 1. io. After " Justices" to insert " or the " major Part of them."

Pr. 8. 1. 3. After " Duties" to insert " and to " such Person or Persons."

Pr. 10. 1. 13. Before " at" to insert " Great Session, Oyer and Terminer, or " Gaol Delivery."

1. 18. To leave out " of Assize," and insert " to whom such Rules and " Orders shall have been submitted."

1. 19. After " a" to insert " Certificate " or."

1. 39. After " aforesaid to insert " who " shall' subscribe such Certificate " or Declaration, as before mentioned."

Pr. 14. 1. 12. To leave out " Michaelmas."

Pr. 16. 1. 37. After " Houses" to insert " and." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

30 Gfc0» lit

Westminster Paving Bill passed.

Lords

Amendment to Hutton Bushell In-, closure Bill agreed to.

African Slave Bill passed.

31° Mali. 521

Luna, 31° die Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790;

a

PRAYEBS.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,. Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Committees to be Annually chosen by the Parish or Precinct wherein such Streets ore situate, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Control of the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of, the said several Acts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Colmhons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 2. In the Interlineation leave out the Words " in Value."

And the Houste being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alteration;

The said Amendment was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and amend, an Act made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, " in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast bf Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 45.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendment An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, Durham and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public fg^ed to! Passages and Places, within the City of Durham, and Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways; and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 62. 1. 13. After " Effect" insert " and in the mean Time, and until " such Purchase, such Money " shall be placed out by the Person or Persons nominated to " receive the same, as aforesaid,

" on Behalf of such Bodies Corporate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate or Sole,

" Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust,

" Guardian, Committee, or other " Trustee or Trustees, or from " any Feme Covert, in some " of the Public Funds, or on " Government Securities, in the " Names of Two Persons, the " one to be nominated by the " Party or Parties interested " therein, and the other by the " said Commissioners; and the " Interest arising or to be produced from such Funds of " Securities shall be paid to such " Person or Persons, or applied " for such Uses, Intents, and " Purposes respectively, as the " Rents and Profits of such " Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" to be purchased as last mentioned, in case the same were " actually purchased and settled " pursuant to the Tenor and " true Meaning of this Act,

" ought to be paid and applied."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and 'n,e Mr. Montagu: Lords have

Mr. Speaker, agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds Water Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood and Lighting of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for Bill, more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An cierkenwell Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and Church Bill, rendering tnore effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth- \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty,

t> R intituled.

522 , 31° Mm.* — YJunn. A. 1790.

Westminster Fish Market Bill.

Saint James’s Burial

Ground Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Hatchett’s Estate Bill.

Hatchett’s Estate Bill read.

intituled, M An Act for pulling down the Church of " Saint James,at Clerkermell, in the County of

" dlesex, and for building a new Church, and making

" a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, " with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto ;w and for purchasing Pentomille Chapel, and making the same

a Chape* of Ease to the said Church; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Dill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for discontinuing the Powers of the said Trustees; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel ad-

joining thereto; and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead; with sopie Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett, Esquire, and Katherine, his Wife, in the County of Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Usee; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Muster Rolls The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector of Vessels General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, from Hull*d *ttended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the presented. Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the Muster Rolls of all Vessels which sailed from the Port of Hull, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789; both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Taper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendments jje Amendments made by the Lords to the BiH, inti-jbm^s1 tuled, An Act to amend an. Act of the last Session of Burial Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground Ground Bill for the Parish of Saint James, , and erect-

agreed to ing a Qjapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 29. Leave out " Archbishop," and insert Bishop;" and leave out " Can-<f ," and insert44 ."

1.30

& > Leave out. Trust and."

32.)

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonstone do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed tQ the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Rape Seed, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *c* de*’ consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty on the ferre Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all ether Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, -used for Manure, Duty-free.

Apd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 1° Jttnii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

P&avers.

AN ingrassed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl of Aber-Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry gavenny’a Nevill, Earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed Mines, Bl*1 and other Hereditaments, in the County of commute

and to enable granting future Leases of the said entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the aaid Earl is seised, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Ring Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Estcourt,

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eatnes and The Lords Mr. Montagu: ' bave agreed

Mr. Speaker, 40

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hackney Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging Church Bill, to the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to remit for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor, or Sentences or Lieutenant Governor, of such Places beyond the Seas, pffender® to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, sp° to remit the Sentences of such Offenders; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act American for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies Settlers BilL and Plantations in America; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Jamaica, is; Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty- Ports . seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 1 intituled, "An Act, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston* Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of George in the

*' Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the uIsland of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and 08 Production

30 Geo. III.

1° Junil

523

"if.

JCt-

ow

Production of the Countries bordering on the Pro- expected that Persons should be witling to invest thek vince of Qntbec; without any Amendment: And Property In Shipping, when laid under such heavy

Vu«t«»» Goods Bill.

Cashew Gum Bill.

SirPeterBur-rell's See. Estate Bill committed.

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of thb Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum from His Majesty’s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic or Gum Senega; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Discouragements: And therefore praying, That the Parts of the Clauses of the said Bill, which afreet Ship Owners, as such, be omitted, and that Penalties be substituted, that shall fall upon such Persons, whatever be their Description,- as shall be found aiding and abetting in the Exportation and Importation of Grain, Flour, or Biscuit, contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, which Penalties, together with the Forfeiture of such Goods, and the Fine in Triple the Value of the same in Cases of Exportation, as provided by the said Bill, the Petitioners trust will appear amply sufficient to enforce the Regulations in View in the said Clauses.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Pay-

Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and ment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the

Et.

ed

all

aj

at a tain

ad

1,

Hereditaments, in Sken and other Parishes, in the County of Lincoht, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his Wile, and the Reverend Edicard Brackenbury, have now undivided Moieties, or Half Parts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gamon, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Rj„ Bt® Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most ted.commi Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling

Duke of Norfolk’s Estate

Bounty on British Corn exported, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Gamon reported from the Committee, to whom Stage Coach the Bill to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in Ra.!senge , the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present 1 npV Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage " Coaches, or other Carriages," was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and,

other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed equal or greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a to by the House.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerf 'ord, Mr. Minchin,8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition a-aiiwt the

Mr. Steel presented to the House, pursuant to the Accounts r«-Directions of an Act of Parliament. {?tin8 to

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax Fiacre-A Petition of the Owners of Ships residing at Scar- certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s sented.

Smft 1 borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Treasury to be raised in that Part of Great Britain

n i. '’I’kof tko Dcififinnorc nnrlorcfronrl fhaf a Dill r*o_ nallorl Iftr Irtvtrl onrl ref tKo Afnmoc rlirooforl

tion BjM.

forth. That the Petitioners understand that a Bill, respecting the Trade in Corn, is now depending in the House, whereby Vessels, with their Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, whatever be the Value of the same (not excepting the Case of the largest East or West Indiameii) are proposed to be made liable to Confiscation for having on Board, whether for Exportation or Importation, a single Pound Weight of Biscuit, or a like Quantity of Grain or Flour, according to the Case, contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, though the same should happen without any fraudulent Design on ‘ the Part of the Owners, and without their being, in the smallest Degree, privy thereto, or though placed on Board by some evil-minded Person or Persons maliciously, or with a View to the Profit

called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Session of the different Counties therein mentioned, between tl gth Day of May 1789 and the 9th Day of May 17go: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed " by the Justices of the Peace for the within-mentioned "Counties to the several Clerks of the Peace, for " Business done under the Acts for encouraging the " Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of 11 the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

"between the gth Day of May 1789 and the gth Day " of May 17go."

And the Titles of the sa id Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie

to the Profit to arise

from a collusive Seizure, which Seizure may forthwith upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the be made by any Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, no House.

discretionary Power being vested any where to judge of the Intention of the Parties, or to lessen the Penalty where the Case merits that it should be mitigated; and that the Petitioners feel the greatest Alarm on this

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Occasion, which they are well persuaded will become Act for vesting the Manor of Delamere, other-

general, should the Clauses of the said Bill, directing wise Fisherton , and other Hereditaments, in ed.

the said Pena ties on Ships, and their Appurtenances, th^. County of Wilts, devised by the of the most

pass into a Law, and thereby materially affect, not Noble Charles formerly Duke of Bolton, with the Ap-only the Petitioners, but the Navigation, as well as purtenances in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trade, of this. Country, on which the general Welfare Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more of the Empire so much depends, since it cannot be effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees Vol. 45.

or

A. 179a.

Slave Trade defeired.

S£4 1° Junii.

or Decretal Orders of the Court Of Chancery for Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday IVfom-the Sale of the said Estates, was read a Second- ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Captain Berkeley presented to the House, by His Accoant of Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Majesty’s Command, Ordmance

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s An Account of the Charge of the Office of office^ra-Chamber. Ordnance for the Year 1788, compared with the seated.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to said Year, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, And the Title of the said Account was read,

to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

As

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1788, con

c ——

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c. ——

/'North Britain Gibraltar -Jamaica S' Christopher

Pay of Civil Officers and > Artificers at

Antigua

Dominica

S' Vinsent

Barbadoes

Grenada

Bahama Islands....

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

New Brunswick -

'-S' John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at S' James's Park and the Tower of London ——

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Ordinary Repairs ——

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Carried forward - - - £

ipared with the Grants by Parliament) and Sums reserved for £he said Year; viz*.

Grants by Parliament and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding®.

£. s. d. $. d. <£ s. d. . £. *

13,011 2 6 12,698 11 3 312 11 3

554 ia — 554 10 —

1,411 7 6 1,152 16 10 258 01 8

292 292

584 1 506 11 8 136 14 7

59 6 3J

584 552 1 3 3i 18 9

584 -1 530 16 10 162 13 2

7 O r* o> O mi

584 1 593 2 6 123 3 9

132 6 3 r

584 — — 571 12 8 12 7 4

584 ] 1 657 — — 4i 1 3

114 1 3J r

474 10 — 419 15 ~ 54 15 —

861 15 — 861 13 6 — 16

662 5 — 662 5 —

629 12 6 613 13 — 15 19 6

1,277 10 — i t 1,220 9 2 287 8 11

r* OO O €<* >

3,423 13 — 3,257 3 — 166 10 —

18,000 18,000

15,000 15,000

4,379 4 71 4,373 6 6 1,168 16 3

1,162 18 21 >

65,290 — 1 62,517 8 2 2,772 11 11

9

n

30 Geo. III. rjunii. 525

D

cq'

cr

o

o

o

00

ft

Brought forward -

Cleaning and Repairing Small Arras in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery ——

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich *

Pay of Draughtsmen ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c. ——

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at S* John’s and Placentia -

NOVA SCOTIA:

Contingencies, and Current Service, and for erecting Magazines and Storehouses

NEW BRUNSWICK: Contingencies, and Current Service -

Carried forward

- - £.

Grants by Parliament and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. £.s. d. £. s. d. cC* d*

65,290 — 1 ! 62,517 8 2 2,772 11 11

2,000 1,770 4 — 229 16 —

10,431 10,431

113,983 1 6 110,213 1 11 I 3,769 19 7

1,798 12 6 1,798 12 6

2,051 6 — i,935 10 — 95 16 —

20,552 7 6 20,399 8 4 152 19 2

854 854

3,000 — — 4,714 16 8 Ml 1,714 16 8

1,963 8 2 3.148 8 1 - 1,184 19 n

741 9 1 802 10 1 - - - - 61 1 —

222,645 4 10 218,584 19 9 7,021 2 8 2,960 17 7

526 1° JuniL A. 1790.

Brought forward

o

4>-

fci

QUEBEC:

Current Service, and Contingencies....

For a Supply of Stores .....-

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ....

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

Current Service, and Contingencies....

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - .

For the Purchase, and other Expences, of sending a Vessel to Jamaica as a Floating Magazine, with the Value of Powder and Stores - -- - .

ANTIGUA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service <

For a Supply of Stores ——

DOMINICA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service -For a Supply of Stores ——

BARBADOES:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service -For a Supply of Stores ——

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament) and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

£. s- d 2.22,645 4 l-o £. s. d. 218,584 19 9 <£* ». d. 7,021 2 8 £. s. d. 2,960 17 7

5,000 10,048 8 — 2,797 3 5 7,396 17 — 2^202 16 7 2,651 11 —

556 7 a 647 13 8 — 91 6 6

2,498 19 4 2,498 19 4

3,000 2,457 10 8 542 9 4

9,306 4 1 9,306 4 1

1 \ 1 I O O && Tf r-i 3,264 3 — 1,235 17 — 1,500

4,831 3 6 1,000 4,849 8 11 r,oooo 18 5 5

9,656 2 3 1,500 9,717 — 5 1,500 60 18 2

6.000 2.000 1,066 7 6 4,933 12 6 2,000

284,042 9- 2 262,586 7 9 24,587 9 1 3,i3i 7 8

o

30 Geo. III, 1° Jmii, 527

Brought forward

ST. VINCENT:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

GRENADA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores.-....

EAST INDIES:

Pay of Officers, &c. ——

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Company of Artificers, and for Works, Stores, Contingencies, and Current Service -

JERSEY:

For Current Service and Contingencies ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers For a Supply of Stores ——

GUERNSEY: For Current Service, Stores, arid Contingencies

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

LANDGUARD FORT: For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Current Service, and Contingencies

- - - £

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Or to Exctedings. 00

£. s. £. s. d. £. 3. d. d.

284,042 9 2 262,586 7 9 24,587 9 1 3,i3i 7 8

3,000 2,944 4 6 55 15 6

1,000 1,000

11,826 8 3 11,932 19 10 - . _ 106 11 7

2,000 " " 2,000

344 13 4 109 16 — 234 17 4

50,000 1 48,874 18 3 3,5o6 15 8 H-A O

2,381 13 11J Si

3,000 1 2,328 11 1 1,440 10 6 si

769 1 7J K:

964 12 — 237 11 11 727 — 1

1,000 1,000

4,000 j 3,851 2 2 956 6 —

807 8 2 j

964 12 — 233 9 6 731 2 -6

6,000 6,052 7 4 - 52 7 4

1 1 O O 430 19 6 322 14 4

253 13

1,000 1 1,015 18 3 203 8 4 -

219 6 7/ ' '

374,073 18 10 341,598 6 1 35,765 19 4 - 3,290 67

- 0

-1

o

\r

J?t

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Brought forward -

YARMOUTH:

For Storehouses, Current Service, &c. ——

CINQUE PORTS:

Current Service, and Contingencies ——

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs, building necessary Works, and for Implements at the Royal Powder Mills

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of Barracks, See. Current Service, and Contingencies -

For reveting and repairing Townshend’s and Amherst's Redoubts ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Works and Repairs ——

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs and Contingencies in the Division ——

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort -

For inclosing the Dock - ....

For Repairs of Lump’s Battery ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ....

For re-building South Sea Castle - ....

For re-building the Two Bridges at Landport Gate - -

For building a new Armoury in the Gun Wharf, for Service of the Navy -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers....

Carried forward -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. £ s. d. <£. d. £. s. d.

374,073 18 io 341,598 6 1 35,765 19 4 3,290 6 7

613 9 3 348 3 8 265 5 7

1,000 V 1,461 13 — - 461 13

5,723 7 2 5,723 7 2

2,000 2,419 11 «. — m m, 419 — 11

2,000 — — 2,000

1,929 4 — 1,654 4 9 274 19 3

2,000 :i 1,953 4 4 245 12 6

198 16 ioj '

1,809 11 — 1,716 17 — 92 14 —

4,678 4 3) 8,914 5 1 6,219 3 11

io,455 4

12,618 3 9 4,036 5 5 8,581 18 4

6,409 12 7 4,i96 9 3 2,213 3 4

1,971 13 ~ - i,97i 13 —

3,232 — 7 - 3,232 — 7

5,000 - 5,000

2.568 16 2 587 17 9 1,980 18 5

4,389 16 3 335 19 9 4,053 16 6

1,929 4 — 1,853 16 — 1 00 1

444,601 2 5 378,799 i° 2 69,972 12 9 4,i7i — 6

o

30 Geo. III. 10 Junii. 529

Brought forward -

D

(a

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

For Fort Monckton ——

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital ——

There has also been received from the Navy on this Acccount - - - - -1

For Repairs of the Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevil, and Priddys-hard -

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort.

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For necessary Repairs at the Lines ——

For Magazihfes and Canal at Keyham Point.....-

For Redoubts on Maker Heights ——

For re-building a House for the Governor ——

For Repairs at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Charges attending the Barracks, fitting up Houses for Field Officers, and building a new Guard House ——

For re-building the Wharf ' -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -.

Carried forward -

Grant* by Parliament, and Sums reserved* Charge of the Offiot j of Ordnance, Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

£ s. d. £. *. d. *. d. j. d.

444,6oi 2 5 378,799 i° 2 f 69,972 12 9 4,171 — 6

10,000 7,168 10 5 2,831 9 7

742 16 11 "1 1,992 16 11

1,250 J

2,4.35 - 2*455

5,000 — 913 18 2 4,086 1 10

856 11 3 3 1 8 833 9 7

5<X> - 853 13 4 - 353 13 4

1,929 4 — 1,430 18 4 498 3 8

2,070 16 — 6,739 6 8 4,668 10 8

604 1 9 - - - - 694 1 9

4,307 15 4 719 11 10 3,588 3 6

5,748 12 — 197 16 3 5,550 15 9

2,941 18 — - 4,743 7 4

1,801 9 4)

2.079 1.3 8 482 1 5 i,597 12 3

1,929 4 — 1,929 4 —

1,070 16 — 2,352 19 9 1,282 3 9

3,230 2 — - 3,230 2 —

1,929 4 — 1,706 19 6 222 4 6

495,h8 6 8 403,297 11 6 102,296 3 5 10,475 3

530 1° Junii. A. 1790.

Brought forward

<5

o

p

o«

ROYAL LABORATORY: Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

ISLE OF MAN:

For Repairs, and Current Service -

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For the Purchase of the Powder Mills ——

For Current Service ——

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons -

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

For Contingencies ——

For Small Arms ——

For Stores ----- -- r -

For Salt Petre

D

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

Grants, 1788 - - - - 442,582 4 8

Sums reserved - - - - 112.512 10 4

Total Land Service carried forward

N. B. The Sums reserved for compleating the several Services, for which they were voted in former Years, are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. U I Exceedings.

£. 495,118 6 8 £. 3. d. 403,297 11 6 I j £. d. 102,296 3 5 £ d. 10,475 8 3

2,000 — — i,597 4 5 402 15 7

454 18 — 60 394 18 —

10,000 10,500 4,881 711 500 -4,881 7 11

2,500 - 2,500

6.000 12,864 4 7 6.000 n,i57. 5 9J 9.000 7,297 2 3,377 3 V 466 19 5 . 9,000 9,487 — 10 16,690 6 4 1,297 3 1

555,094 15 — 440,477 9 131,771 4 2 17,153 18 3

Or

09

o

o

a>

30 Geo. III. 1°

o

D

S

g

eg'

f — h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

FT

Total Land Service brought forward SEA SERVICE:

Salaries and Rents Halifax -

Jamaica ——

Antigua ——

Kinsale ——

Contingencies of the Laboratory Ordnance arid Stores -

Voted for unprovided Services Powder ——

Freight -....

Repairs of Buildings -Incidents at the several Out Ports Salt Petre -

Total Sea Service - - -Total Land and Sea Service - -

Note. — That besides the above Grants, the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer; viz.

Grants by Parliament and.Sums reserved.

£. s. d.

555.094 15 —

) 46,800 ——

23.795 16'7

70,595 16 7

625,690 11 7

On his voluntary Account -Cash received to vacate Imprests

Deduct — Cash received of th® Navy, in full, for their Part of the Sea Wall at Haslar, and already brought to Account under the Head of Gosport -

Also sundry small Sums, in Part of Payment of Debentures of former Years, which are not included in this Account -

1,250 ——

176 19 6

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

£. S. d.

440,477 9 1

12,698 ii 3

232 15 4

887 11 8

838 14 6

249 19 1

1,567 10 6

3,879 17 9

7,974 1 9

4,958 12 1

2,711 15 1

21,231 5 9

13,500 — —

70,730 14 9

511,208 3 10

LAND:

6,326 16 2

1,092 3 —

7,418 19 2

1,426 19 6

5.991 19

Sum* unexpended.

£. s. d.

131,771 4 2

13L771 4 2

SEA:

160 3 4

16 6 6

143 16 10

Exceeding*.

£. S. d.

17,153 18 3

134 18 2

17,288 16 5

Or

GO

*0

o

S5

58

S:

H-

D

cq‘

N

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

p

Ov

c

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1788.

LAND S E R V I C E:

The Total Sums unexpended amount to ——

Add the Voluntary Account - -

Total Exceedings - - - -Total Amount unexpended - - - £.

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Of which the following Sums may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings:

Viz.

Pay of Civil

Gibraltar St. Christopher Antigua -Dominica St. Vincent

Officers and I Barbadoes

Artificers at

258

136

31

162

123

12

4»

54

15

287

Grenada

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

New Brunswick ——

Newfoundland ——

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of Gunners at St. James’s Park,

and the Tower of London - 166

Pay of Draughtsmen, - - 95

Stores, Quebec - -- 2,651

Pay of the Companies f Chatham - 274

of Royal Military Arti-< Gosport, in Part of £. 498. 5. 8. - - - 353

fleers at - - - - [ Woolwich ----- -- 222

t.

10

14 18 13

3

7 1

15

1

»9

8

10

16

11

*9

13

4

- «£ i3i,77U

d.

8

7

9

2

9

4

3

6

6

11

3

4

6

4,889 8 6

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted

Deficiency -

Money saved and left with the Ordnance, on the closing of Accounts, to 31 December 1787

Balance unexpended, Land Service -

SEA SERVICEr

Total — Exceedings - - - - 134 18 2

Voluntary Account ----- ----- - 143 1® ,0

Unexpended -

£. 3. d.

131,771 4 2

5,991 19

137,763 3 10 17,153 18 3

120,609 5 7

126,881 15 8

6,272 10 1 7,598 — 9

1,325 10 8

8 18 8

Office of Ordnance, 1st June 1790.

Balance unexpended on Account of this and the last Four Years

i,334 9 4

G, Crmfurd,

Clerk of the Ordnance;

CO

o

O

o

or

CO

CO-

534 1° — 9?yunii. A. 1790.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Morning.

Com Regula- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into B*'1Put further Consideration the Report from the Committee Months.ir* of th*5 whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Cora exported, was re-committed, bb now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

BUI to con* The House was moved, That an Act made in this Provisions of Present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Com'lndem- " indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned nity Act, " in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders

ordered. of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and also certain Orders " issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s " Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in " Consequence Gf the same, and for making further " Provisions relative thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, certain Provisions contained in the said Act, relating to the Impo -tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Mr. Bramstm, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Mr. Spencer

hope and Mr. Gregory, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to SccdTt resole itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Bill.’ consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty on the Im-

portation, from any of the Provinces in NoHh of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed,

- used for Manure, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resplved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to coosider further of ?? the Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great 1 e 1 Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon DimMon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and Liquors for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Licences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. William Smith have Leave to Original make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock. duster

And he moved the House accordingly. belonging to

Ordered, That the Trustees for the Hospital at Liver- Liverpool, pool, for maimed and disabled Seamen in the Merchants ordered. Service, do, forthwith, lay before this House the Original Muster Rolls delivered into their Office of all Vessels belonging to that Port, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1788, inclusive.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into oOjTomine a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Mercurii, 2° die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

pRAYEHS.

MR. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, Ddte of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for empowering the Trustees of the reported, and most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part passed, of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leasehold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations

80 of

of the Bill, and found the saine to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Trial of Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Mr.Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Bill to con- The Marquis of Graham presented to the House, ac-

Provisions'in cor(^m8 to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be Corn^lndem- l*m*ted, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made nity Act, in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An

presented. " Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain " Orders of Council respecting the Importation and " Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain " Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits " in consequence of the same, and for making further " Provisions relative thereto," relating to the Iniporta-tion and Exportation of Corn and Grain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 45.

535

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Romes and Mr. Mr. Hastings* Montagu: Thai.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Air. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from Raps Seed, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill &c- Bill refer laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the por*ed' Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Dutyfree, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-< tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to alter, explain, and amend an stage Coach Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Passenger# His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting passed<

" the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside " of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number " of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage " Coaches, or other Carriages;" and for-regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

Ordered, 'that Mr. Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for alur-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the *ng*«Duti«s Bill for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retail- Li relicts"*, ing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing ported, distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Tontine Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom rePorted* the Bill for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities, for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed

Juv.il.

4

Cambridge

County

Writ.

Coasting Trade Bill reported*

Committee on Bill to continue certain Provisions in the Com Indemnity Act.

536 2? — 3ijunii. A. 1790.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for punishing Persons guilty of forging Certificates, or uttering the same, knowing them to be forged.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Distribution of the Nominees and Shares on the Part of the Public.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of Philip Yorke, Esquire, now Earl of called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the " Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating Proceedings in the Cases of Seizure of Ships, for having on Board small Quantities of illegal Spirits.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

" Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been " concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing " Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making " further Provisions relative thereto," relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to authorize His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

Meal, or Flour, for a limited Time, and, in like Manner, to prohibit the Importation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Bill to conti-Committee, the Amendments which the Committee nue certain bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him in

to report to the House; and he read the Report in indemnity his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Act reported. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty on the Importa- Rape Seed, tion, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Ac- Bill Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, passe<L and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jorvis, 3* die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Praters.

TilE Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties upon Bill for Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon altering the Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and £"t"8rj*n for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was read the Licences, Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Coasting Coasting Trade of Great Britain, was read the Third Time. Trade Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pass#d‘ be, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain,

House to adjourn to baiurday.

The Lords have agreed lo

Westminster Paving Bill.

IlrtchinRoad

Bill.

Gill to empower Justices, &c. to visit Work-houses.

Bill for '^hanging the ^ntence oil AY omen.

Scotch Distillery Bill.

Dr. Willis's Annuity Bill.

Lottery Bill ordered.

Tontine Bill pasted.

3°- — 5

0 <v

junti.

637

Britain, for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties, and for abolishing the Bond, usually called the Isle of Man Bond.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of, the said several Acts; and for removing arid preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, in the said Streets, and other Places, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Be ford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses, or Poor Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in Lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Morning ton, the Lord the Lord Apsley,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.iiase, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert,do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 45.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Cotnhrissioners of the Treasury to draw the Natiies of the Nominees on the Part of the Public by Ballot;

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houste, to be: made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed, to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 13. 1. 29. After " Name" to insert *l in the " Manner herein directed."

Pr. 14. 1. 26. After " select" to insert " in thd " Manner herein directed."

1. 36. After " respectively " to insert of " Lords of Manors in England " or Wales."

Pr. 17. 1. 35. To leave out " above," and insert " herein " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for converting certain Annuities to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 5° die Junii;

Anno 30° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1790;

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hatehett's for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett,

Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in the County of co mitt Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Tuesday to on Morning next. Tuesday.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and The Lordi Mr Mantagi: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sir William Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Hamilton's Honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and' Assigns, Amendment? to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections, and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, within tl.o Manor or Lordship of Hubberslotic and Pill, in he County of Pembroke; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

6 X The

Lord*

Amendment lo Sir William Hamil* ton's Bill agreed to.'

Lottery Bill presented.

committed.

considered.

Bill to condone certain Provisions in the Corn Indemnity Act passed.

538

5° — 7° yunii. A. 1790.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 13. After " Law" insert "Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and " Successors, and to all and every " other Person and Persons, Ho* " dies Politic and Corporate, his, " her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, " Estate, and Interest (other than " those meant and intended to be " barred or regulated by this Act) " as they, and every, or any of " them, had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, " Pills, Pills Lands, and Avenues " to the same, directed to be " inclosed and regulated as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, before " the passing of this Act, or " could or might have had and " enjoyed in case this Act had " not been made."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned " in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders " of Council respecting the Importation and' Expartation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders " issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s " Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits iu " Consequence of the same, and for making further " Provisions relative thereto," relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain

Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council " respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn " and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the " Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in " America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence " of the same, and for making further Provisions " relative thereto," relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lima, 7° die Junii‘,

Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Praters.

J^E SOLVED, That an humble Address be pre- Addrewfof sented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously Dignity for pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the the Chaplain. Reverend Mr. Charles Moss, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this Honse act are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal to End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this be printed present Session, with Indexes to the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Volumes, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Indexes be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Hatsell, Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Indexes be' printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr.

Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Money for order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this J0U,n' * House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

' Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give E*i>enreof Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and lhe

delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to ExPe,nrts of give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other ports’Ac." Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to 04 ' Tiis

30 Geo. III. 7° — 8‘

His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Trial of Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Mr. Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, da go into the Places appointed for the Members of thi^ House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lottery Bill Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re* port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fourth Re- ' Sir William Dolben reported from the Select Com-, port of Exa- mittee appointed to take the Examination of the several Wknessesrc- Witnesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by spectins the the House to attend the Committee of the vfcbole slave Tiade. House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, ftom Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, so whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this

Vol. 45.

Junii. 539

House, relative to the State of the African Slave.

Trade.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Slave Trade to resolve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was passed, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

4 Message from the Lords, by and Mr. The Lords

Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker; 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Banbury Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, Church Bill; belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and for re-building the samewithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Has tings’ House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Trial, the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Tea of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis 88 die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii III,a Regis, 1790;

Praters.

M R. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Duke of NW whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- folk's Estate tuled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Bl*J rePor*d' the most Noble Charles Duke of , in the " pass* 1

County of Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee; and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater Value, in Lieu thereof^ was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tq be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to DukeofBol-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An to.n’8 Estate Act for vesting the Manor of Fisherton Delamere, p^ed*. otherwise Fisherton Delamore, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, devised by the Will of the most Noble Charles formerly Duke of Bolton,

with

640

6°Juriii.

A. 1790.

with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the sale of the said Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Earl of Aber- Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to

13 Bill the in«ros9ed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

reported, and An Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry passed. Earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed Mines and other Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, and to enable granting future Leases of the said entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Eari is seised, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second and Third Years of the lleign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, who have any vested Interest in the said Estates, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

1. 23. Leave out from " Lincoln " to thS End of Line 27. and insert " in " which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right " honourable Priscilla Barbara " Elizabeth, Baroness " by of Eresby, his Wife, and " the Reverend Edward " enbury, have now undivided " Moieties or Half Parts."

Pr. 35. 1. 12. Leave out " making a," and insert " the."

1. 14. After " Hereditaments " insert " in Skendleby, and other Parishes."

1. 15. Leave out from " " to the

End of Line 18. and insert " in " which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right " honourable Priscilla Barbara " Elizabeth, Baroness " by of Eresby, his Wife, and " the Reverend Edward " enbury, have now undivided " Moieties or Half Parts."

The said Amendments being severally read a Secoad Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do. pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Augustus North do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to amend explain and and amend an Act, made in the last Session 'robac'0 Act

& Ai*Ha ppH

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting " new Duties in Lieu thereof:" And that Mr. Steele, the Lord Apslcy, the Lord Bayham, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Peter Mr. George Augustus reported from the Com-

Bnrrell’t.&c. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, reported*and int>tuled> An Act for the Partition of divers Mes-passed. ’ suages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other Parishes in the County of Lincoln, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness fVilfoughby of Eresby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edward Brack-enbttry, have now undivided Moieties or Half Parts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 8. Leave out " Tenth," and insert " First."

1. 9. Leave out " and insert " ."

1. 10. After "Ninety" insert "One."

Pr. 34. 1. go 1 Leave out it making a " and insert " the."

I. 22. After " Hereditaments" insert " in Skendleby, and other Parishes."

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Hatchett’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate Bill Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett, ie£P'"j€<1’an<1 Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in the County of p Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr.'.Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Tobacco Bill Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in presented, the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved,

TToWco Bill committed;

cas dered;

reported

TVe Lords hare agreed to

Selby's dc. Estate Bill.

African Slave Bill.

American and East Florida Svfferers Bill.

Bill for settling an Annuity on Fir. Penn’s Descendants.

Distillery

BiH.

8° Junii

541

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. -Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of find in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and 7 unstall,in the County of and for

vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of One hundred Years,'for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King Georgs the First, his Heirs and Successors; without any Amendment: And also, , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the . Bill, intituled, An Act for giving Relief to such. Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esquire, the Original Proprietor of the Province of Pcnsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Vo L. 45.

Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, WaBh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and fur discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indie; and for amending the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation and Government of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as is desired by their Lord-

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot, Mr. Burges, Mr. Powys, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Brett, Mr. Plumer, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Henry Hobart, and Mr. Steele, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were, called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Leeds, who acquainted the Managers that the Lords do insist upon their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick, which this House had disagreed unto; for which the Lords gave their Reasons, which Mr. Comptroller of the Household read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same, with the Bill and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Reasons were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The Lords, earnestly desirous to cultivate a good Understanding with the Commons, embrace with much Satisfaction the Opportunity afforded by the present Conference, to explain the Grounds and Reasons of the Amendments proposed in the Bill sent up by the Commons, intituled, An Act for enlarging and better regulating the Gaol for the County of Warwick.

The Burden of building, re-building, and repairing County Gaols, upon Presentment of the Insufficiency thereof, was by the Statute of n, 12 W. III. C. 19. distributed among the Divisions of the County, to be levied by separate Rates on each res|>ectively.

The Manner of raising this, and other County Charges, by so many distinct Assessments being found inconvenient, the same were by the 12 II. C. 29. directed to be assessed upon each Parish, in such Pro-

6 Y portions

Bill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders, with Amendments.

The Lords desire a Conference.

House agree to meet, the Lords at a Conference.

Managers

appointed.

Conference

reported.

Conference on Lords Amendments to Warwick Gaol Bill

8° jFann.

A. 1190.

portions as the same had been usually assessed thereon, and made payable out of the Money collected on the Poor Rates, or, there being none such, by Rates to be made in like Manner.

By tile Act of the 14th of His present Majesty, C. 59. the Charge of adding Infirmaries, Baths, and other Conveniences to be provided in Prisons, was to be defrayed in the like Manner out of the County Rates.

By the Act of the 34th of His present Majesty, C. 54. Provision was made for removing, enlarging, building, re-building, or repairing, and also, for providing separate Apartments for various Classes of Prisoners, and a Chapel, and other Accommodations — Power is also given for purchasing Lands, enabling disabled Persons to seH, and compelling Persons who refuse — Salaries are given to Gamers in lieu of their former Profits.

All the Money requisite for these extraordinary Purposes is to be raised in the same Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by the above-mentioned Act of the 12 G.II. C. 29. with this Provision, that when

the Sum required exceeds One Half of the Average Amount of County Rates for the last Five Years, the same' may be raised by Mortgage, to be paid off in Fourteen Years.

The Law therefore, as it now stands, has provided for all the Purposes of the present Bill, except in building across a Lane adjoining the present Gad, and of raising the Money requisite by the Sale of Annuities, which are Additions to the former Laws, and also in the Two Particular? now in Question, Wherein the former Laws are repealed, as to the County of Warwick.

As to the First, the Bill sent up by the Commons provides, That the Money shall be assessed, collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, as the County Rates have usually been, or may be by the Act of 12 G. II. C. 29.

The last mentioned Act, confirmed and enforced by the 14th and 24th of the present King, must have been the indispensable Rule of such Proceedings — No Deviation can have happened, without supposing Error or worse Abuse — No such Deviations have been suggested, and if any such exist in pact, the Lords conceive it would be unfit to give them the Sanction of Law, especially without knowing them — Nor can the Lord? conceive what Sort of Inconveniency or Difficulty can attend the due Execution of the Laws in being: The Commons have pointed out none such.

As to the Second, the Bill provides, That all Tenants shall deduct their Payments from their respective Lessors: This, in the Case of what are commonly called Beneficial Leases, will probably exhaust the whole reserved Rent, and that in Favour of the Beneficial Proprietor — In spine Cases the Mesne Tenant may have a Term of nearly the same Extent; and of less Value, than the Estate of the Occupier who holds of him. And in all Leases the Bill rescinds the Contract, by compelling the Lessor to pay what he has bargained with the Lessee that the last shall pay.

It may be ti;ue, that where an extraordinary Sum is to be raised in any One Year, the Burden may fall heavier on the Occupier than, he might have expected, in Fact, although he must be presumed tp know that he became liable to it when he took the Farm — However, the Legislature has thought fit to enter so far into this Consideration, as to divide such Sums into Fourteen Years, in order to lessen the Yearly Burden — This the Lords think the utmost Relief which in Justice can be afforded on the Occasion.

These Reasons, with others which the Lords for the present forbear to urge, make it necessary for the Lords to insist on all, their Amendments. And if the Commons continue to think that the Loss of the Bill will be attended with, considerable public Incon-

ot

venince, that Coftflidefation will afford an additional Reason for their Concurrence.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords to -the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a free Conference be -desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Rouse imist upon Ihcir agreement fir Lords Amende meats;

A fret Con- fereiKeio be desired.

Ah ingroseed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Tobacco Bill made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An passed.

" Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff,

" and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco end Snuff, and u for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. "

Ordered, That Mr. Henty Hobart do carry the Bill the Lj rds, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, from Original the Trustees for the Hospital at Liverpool for maimed Muster Rolls and disabled Seamen in the Merchants Service, at- Vessel tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Liverpool ° presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented!

The Original Muster Rolls delivered into the Office of the Trustees for the Hospital at Liverpool for maimed and disabled Seamen in the Merchants Service, of all Vessels belonging to that Port from the Yeas 1780 to the Year 1788, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Muster Rolls were read.

Ordered, That the said Muster Rolls do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. The said Muster Rolls were, by a subsequent Order of the House of the 9th Instant, re-delivered to the proper Officer.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That Copies of the said Muster Rolls for the Copies'«f Years 1784, ^785, 1787, and 1788, be made for the Use of the House. WB*

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, io- Amendments tituled, An Act to provide for the Custody and Em- £ ployment of Offenders m certain Cases, and for the omflendees* Regulation and Government of the Places in which put<#for$ such Offenders may be confined. Months.

And the 9aid Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 15. Leave out from " Transportation " to " And, " in Line 34.

Pr. 19. L »6. Leave out from " and" to " may,* in Line 20.

Pr. 24. 1. 4. Leave out from otherwise*’ to the End of the Bill;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

f.

30 ^GrUO. III.

Mttxurii, 9* die Junii Anno 30* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Praters.

hoy&lAueut A MESSAGE by Sir Gentte*-

to BOW. J\ mnn Usher ttlc Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable Honse in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Pqdrs.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clat'ence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop! of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Leeds, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which BiHs are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain:

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esquire, the Original Proprietor of the Province of Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Perm, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America:

An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited lime, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits

Vo L. 45.

9° junii. 543

for Home Consumption, add for granting and seeming the due Payment of othfer Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits 'Imported from the West Indies', and for amending the isaid Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign:

An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Loft Wines and Spirits from Malt, Com, or Grain, ih Scotland, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Alar,

" Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of " Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Grbwth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec:

An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels, imported from the Settlement of Yucatan, in South America, and told by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Yucatan:

An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum from His Majesty s West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic or Gum Senega:

An Act for encouraging new Settlers in His Majesty’s Colonies add Plantations in America:

An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to authorize His Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders:

An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu thereof:

An Act to empower Justices and other Persons to visit Parish Workhouses or f*oor Houses, dud examine and certify the State and Condition of the P60r therein to the Quarter Sessions:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act; made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,

" for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to " Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such " Persons as shall be willing to contract for the " same

An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver " Wares," and also so much of another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty

*544 £fjunii. A. 1790.

Assent Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate " County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church)

l u imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and " and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the

" Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," as " said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages relates to the marking of Silver Wares: theretoand for purchasing Chapel, and

An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church: in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in effectual, several Acts, made for paving, cleansing, Cattetick and Tumlall, in the County of York, and for and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other vesting the same in the several Persons entitled to the Places, within the City and Liberty of Wsstndnsten, said Hereditaments, and for extinguishing and destroy- and Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets ing a certain Term of One hundred Years, for which therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets.,

the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his under the Management of Parochial Committees, sub-

late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and ject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed

Successors:' by, or in pursuance of, the said several Acts; and

An Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyanqes,

the most Honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs Obstructions, and Encroachments, in the said Streets

and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, and other Places, and for other Purposes:

Piers, ana other Erections, and to establish a Market, An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the with proper Roads and Avenues thereto, respectively, Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberstone and Pill, Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for in the County of Pembroke: discontinuing the Powers of the said Trustees:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a Parish of in the County of , and for further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing appointing an additional Overseer for the better the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purpose: Government of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation, for the better Relief arid Government of, the Poor and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, several of the Township of Manchester, in the County of former Acts passed for making and maintaining the Lancaster:

aid Navigations: An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the County of Glamorgan:

" effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbcach An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of " Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground <(an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting " of Waterbcach cum Denny and the Commoners within a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the " the said Manor:" Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dead:

Staffordshire and Worcestershire Navigation to improve An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, the Navigation of the River Severn, from Stourport, in and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public the County of Worcester, to a Place called Diglis, near Passages and Places, within the City of and the City of Worcester: Borough of Framwelgate, and the Suburbs thereof,

An Act for forming, and keeping in Repair, the and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and pre-.Streets and other public Passages and Places, within venting Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and a certain District in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, otherwise improving the same: and public Passages and Places; and for regulating

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the City and improving the Markets within the said City ana and Township of Peterborough: Suburbs:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, An Act for better supplying the Town and Neigh-and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs bourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Public the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs. Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nui-An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Yejir sances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act therein:

" to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enPorts of Newcastle and Sunderland:" large the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year

An Act for taking down the Church and Tower of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and from thence to Biitterton Moor End, in the County and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making of Stafford:

on additional Cemetery or Church Yard: An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers,

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, County of Oxford, and for re-building the same: for repairing several Roads in the Counties of

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of East lithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within Grtnstead, in the County of Sussex: the County of Stirling; and for repairing the Road

An Act for amending, and enlarging the Powers from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, in the said County of of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made Stirling:

in the Twenty-eighth. Year of the Reign of His An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling down Stirling and Dumbarton:

" the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwell, in the An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

and

90 Geo. III. 9a Junii. 545

and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Skawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton

in Hales, in the said County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, 'in the County of Stafford, and from Skawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop, and from Skawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley, in

the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place, in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Blaclcwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the East End of Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wellingborou to Olney, in the County of Bucks, and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Neaport Pagnell, in the same County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford:

An Act for empowering the Trustees of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leasehold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled «pon, or are subject or liable to:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wilson, Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in Lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Stephen White, Doctor of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Trustees in the mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Leases:

An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of Vo i.45.

1

the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Royal Assent Lands to be setded to the same Uses, and for other to Purposes:

An Act for exchanging the setded Estate of the Reverend John Templer, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof:

An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Quin-tinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret L of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Esquire, of

Redcastle, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in Two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie, of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Modi and Cairn, and others, in the County of Wigton

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, in the Counties of Glou^ cester and Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances:

An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Consolidated or United Rectories of Creeling all Saints and Creeling Saint in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of East Wretham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between William Colhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Hepzoorth, in the County of Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Hepworth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of West Wretham, in the County of Notfolk:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater Value, in Lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Fisherton Delamere, otherwise Fisherton Delamore, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, devised by the Will of the most Noble Charles formerly Duke of Bolton, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Sale of the said Estates:

An Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry Nevill, Earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, and to enable granting future Leases of the said entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Earl is seised, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett, Esquire,. and Katherine his Wife, in the County of Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

6 Z An

Trial of Mr, Hastings.

Answer to Address.

9° Junil

A. 1790.’

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Why-church and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York

An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Fran Antoinette De Luc:

An Act for naturalizing August Leberecht Schonberg.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speakers Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Moss, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Moss, as is desired.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household also reported to Answers to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last (that Addresses. His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Four hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Halsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House,

towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills,

Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Pyc reported from the Select Committee, ap- Fifth Report

pointed to take the Examination of the several Wit- off.xami-nesses that have been, or shall be, ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, spe^b^the to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circum- Slave Trade, stances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and The Lord* Mr. Walker: have

Mr. Speaker, a8reed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lottery Bill, for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Consolidated Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Fund Bill. Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tontine Bill. Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retail- altering the ing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Licence*. Duties in Lieu thcieof; without any Amendment":

And also, >

* The

30 Geo. III.

9* — 10° yunii.

547

Bill to con- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An untie certain Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions the CorTln" contained in an Act, made in this present Session of deruniiy Act. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for indemnifying all

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Household cjo Free Confer-go to the Lords, and desire a free Conference with ence with their Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of the last

Rolls

Conference, upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for en " Persons who have been concerned in advising or larging and better regulating the Gaol for the County " carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council of Warwick.

" respecting the Importation and Exportation of Com

" and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Ord, That the Ordinal Muster Rolls, delivered Original " Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in into the Office of the Trustees for the Hospital at Muster ]

" America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence Liverpool for maimed and disabled Seamen in the ®f Vessel*

.* of the same, and for making further Provisions Merchants Service, of all Vessels belonging to that Liverpool to relative thereto," relating to the Importation and Port from the Year 1780 to the Year 1788, inclusive, be re-deli-Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize His (which were Yesterday presented to the House) he vered. Majesty to permit the Exportation of Com, Grain, re-delivered on or before Tuesday next.

Meal, or Four, and to prohibit the Importation thereof

on the Low Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

Crown Lend* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commission- Act to continue and amend an Act, made in tbs ers Bill. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners " to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, " Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, " and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10* die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii III,u Regis, 1790.

Pratirs.

County Elections Bill.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys The

and Mr. Walker: have agreed

to

Mr. Speaker,

__ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tobacco Bill.

for that Part of Great Britain called England; without Act Jo explain and amend an Act, made in the last

Stage Coach Passengers Bill. 8

Rape Seed, &c. Bill.

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in tbfe Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number of Persons tl to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages," and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repeal- ing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in Lieu thereof;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petiti0ll from thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve certain Elec-in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, tore of West-was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting '

Act for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of ,e

of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, the House, that the Select Committee, lately appointed Ekction. and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir allowing the Importation, from the said Provinces, Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants,

of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill,'intituled, An Act for the Par-Bu-lls^c. tition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in tate 1 . Skendlcby, and other Parishes, in the County of Lincoln,

in which Sir Peter BuBaronet, in Right of the Right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edioard Brackertbury, have now undivided Moieties, or Half Parts: And also,

Mr.Hastings' The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

Bill respecting Seizures.

Amendments

to Sir Peter

Householders of the City and Liberty of paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, oti the 6th Day of July last, report to this House, " That " it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the " Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend upon " the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore " required to deliver in Statements, in Writing, of " the Right of Election, for which they respectively " contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a Statement as " follows — " The Petitioner, Lord Hood, states, the " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the united Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes " of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Trial. House, that their Lordships will proceed further in the " Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint

Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, upon the First Tuesday in the next Session of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal otTistSessfon tV|e House, of the 1 olh Day of August, in the last oi^ Westmin- Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House ster Election upon the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Petition read. are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Vol. 45.

" Martin le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and " in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the " Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Mary le

" Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of " the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called The " Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle " Ward, and Precinct of the Savoy;" that the Electors " Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Electors Petitioners state, that the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is " in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret

and

548 10° Juniu . 1790.

" and Saint John, in the several Parishes of Saint Paul " Cement Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George " Hanomer Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin It Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, " Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as " are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty " of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called the Temple Bar " Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and

" Precinct of the Savoy" that the Sitting Member, " Lord John Townshend, delivered in a Statement as 11 follows — " The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants. Householders of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint " James Westminster, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Mary " le Savoy, Saint Paul Cooent Garden, Saint Ann Soho, " and the District of Saint Martin le Grand." — That, " upon the Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, " the said Select Committee have determined, "Thatthe " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes " of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Arm, Saint " James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty " of Saint Martin le Grand, in the County of sex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin " in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards

" of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster " — That, " upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined, " That u the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City " and Libertyof Westminster;" and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to appointing the Time for taking into Consideration Petitions from Persons desiring to be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, which shall have been determined upon by a Select Committee, appointed by this House to try and determine the Merits of the Return or Election for such Place, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 27 th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the stud Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted by the Order of Mr: Speaker, in the London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts «-Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Ces9, !sect!"g tli* Stent, or Land Tax, in the following Royal Burghs in in°Scotland, Scotland; viz. New Galloway, Inverary, Anstruther, ordered. Wester, Pittemveem, Crail, Wick, Do mock, Air, Selkirk, and Lochmaben, for the Space of Ten Years preceding

the 2 2d Day of July 1789; distinguishing the Amount of the Sums levied in each Year, with all Salaries or Sums of Money which have been paid to the Collectors of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the Royal Burghs aforesaid, for each of the said Ten Years, as the Expence of collecting the same, distinguishing the Sums paid in each Year; to be certified under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate and Collector of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the said Burghs respectively, to be a true and accurate Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Revenue of each of the following Royal Burghs in Scotland; viz. New Galloway, Inverary,

Anstruther, Wester, Pittenxceem, Wick, and

Dornock, for the Year 1788, specifying the particular Articles of the Revenue; to be certified under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate, Town Clerk, and Treasurer, of each of the said Burghs respectively, to be a true and accurate Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Lands and other Heritable Property of each of the following Royal Burghs in Scotland; viz.

New Galloway, Inverary, Anstruther, Wester,

weem, Crail, trick, Dornock, Lochmaben, Fortrose, King-

horn, and Kirkwall, which have been sold, feued, or

alienated, by the Magistrates and Common Council of each of the said Royal Burghs respectively, since the

Union, specifying the Price for which the same were

sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same

were let prior to the Alienation; to be certified under

the Hands of the Chief Magistrate and Town Clerk of each of the said Burghs respectively, to be a true Account,

taken from the Books of the Burghs.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Royal Assent

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service.of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation, from the said Provinces, of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure, Duty-free:

An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

30 Geo. III. 10° Junil 549

into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares so converted:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for " granting new Duties in lieu thereof

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto," relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other Unimproveable Rents:"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for limiting the Number u of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage " Coaches, or other Carriages," and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof:

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general:

An Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other Parishes in the County of Lincoln, in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, Baroness Willoughby, of his Wife, and the Reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided Moieties or Half Parts.

His Majesty’s After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most Speech. Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The necessary Public Business being now concluded, I think it right to put an End to this Session of Parliament.

I have not hitherto received the Answer of the Court of Spain to the Representation which I have directed to be made at that Court, in Support of the Dignity of My Crown, and of the Interests of My People. I continue to entertain the strongest Desire for the Maintenance of Peace on just and honourable Grounds; but, under the present Circumstances, I feel it indispensably necessary to proceed with Expedition and

Vigour in those Preparations, the Objects of which have already received your unanimous Concurrence.

The Assurances and Conduct of My Allies, on this interesting Occasion, have manifested in the most satisfactory Manner their Determination to fulfil the Engagements of the existing Treaties; and I trust, that our mutual good Understanding and Concert will be productive of the happiest Effects in the present Conjuncture of Affairs in Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My particular Thanks for the Readiness with which you granted the Supplies for the current Service, and foryour Unanimity and Dispatch in enabling Me to take those Measures which the present Crisis has rendered necessary.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

As I think it may be of material Convenience that the Election of a new Parliament should take Place without Delay, it is My Intention forthwith to give Directions for dissolving the present, and for calling a new Parliament. But, in signifying to you this Intention, I cannot omit to assure you of the deep and grateful Sense which I must ever entertain of that affectionate and unshaken Loyalty, that uniform and zealous Regard for the true Principles of our invaluable Constitution, and that unremitting Attention to the Happiness and Prosperity of My People, which have invariably directed all your Proceedings.

The rapid Increase of our Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation, the additional Protection and Security afforded to the distant Possessions of the Empire, the Provisions for the good Government of India, the Improvement of the Public Revenue, and the Establish- ment of a permanent System for the gradual Reduction of the National Debt, have furnished the best Proofs of your Resolution in encountering the Difficulties with which you had to contend, and of your Steadiness and Perseverance in those Measures which were best adapted to promote the essential and lasting Interests of My Dominions.

The Loyalty and Public Spirit, the Industry and Enterprize of My Subjects, have seconded your Exertions. On their Sense of the Advantages which they at present experience, as well as on their uniform ana affectionate Attachment to My Person and Government,

I rely for a Continuance of that Harmony and Confidence, the happy Effects of which have so manifestly appeared during the present Parliament, and which must at all Times afford the surest Means of meeting the Exigencies of War, or of cultivating with increasing Benefit the Blessings of Peace.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure* that Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 3d Day prorogued, of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 3d Day of August next.

[Index removed.]

FINIS.

